Ammanify - Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Ammanify
Home
Shisha & Hookah Privacy Policy
2 Planes
Privacy Policy
2048 The Game
Privacy Policy
Ajmal Doaa
Privacy Policy
Animal Sounds For Kids - Privacy Policy
Athkar Almuslim - Auto
Privacy Policy
Brain Challenge
Privacy Policy
Coloring for Kids 2.0
Drugs In Jordan - Privacy Policy
Glitter Paint
Privacy Policy
Hosn Al Muslim
Privacy Policy
Riddles: Math & Logic
Privacy Policy
Space Ball
PRIVACY POLICY
Talking Cat - القط الناطق
Privacy Policy
زخرفة
Privacy Policy
قصص تلوين للأطفال
Privacy Policy‎
لعبة منجم الكلمات
Privacy Policy
نكت تحشيش
Privacy
Ammanify
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Ammanify built the Athkar Al Muslim - Smart app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Ammanify at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. By using the app, you agree on this Privacy policy.
No Personal Information is collected.
We will no use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Athkar Al Muslim - Smart unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
This is to confirm that
No Personal Information is collected.
The app use third-party services that may collect to identify types of errors or crashes. Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Crashlytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics and
are
processed ephemerally
.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at ammanify@gmail.com.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on
1-5-2022
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse