PRIVACY STATEMENT
Viverit
Privacy Policy
The content of the Privacy Policy presented below has been created in compliance with the GDPR and has been in force since April 30, 2019. This privacy policy used as part of the Viverit services is inseparable from the Terms and Conditions (https://www.viverit.com/terms.html) which define the rules for the use of Viverit serices.
Viverit Comm. V. Viverit Comm. V., located at Hof ter Melle 44 8501 Heule Belgium, is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy statement.
Contact details: https://www.viverit.com Hof ter Melle 44 8501 Heule Belgium email: info [at] viverit.com
Personal data that we process
Viverit Comm. V. processes your personal data because you use our services and / or because you provide them yourself. 
Providing personal data is voluntary, however, in the case of some services, failure to provide personal data will make it impossible for Users to use these services.
Below you will find an overview of the personal data that we may process:
- IP-address
- Location data
- Information about your activities on our website
- Information about your surfing behavior across different websites (for example because this company is part of an advertising network)
- Internet browser and device type
This data is necessary to provide Viverit services by visiting our website and using our applications. Users can use Viverit services anonymously, without creating an account. This does not preclude the processing of personal data by Viverit. Respecting the right to privacy, we also protect other collected data associated with the Users's behavior on the Internet and while using mobile applications. This data is obtained through cookies and other related technologies and does not always contain identity information of the user.
Data is processed in accordance with art. 6 par. 1 lit. b of the GDPR, in order to provide services, namely a contract for the provision of electronic services, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.
Special and / or sensitive personal data that we process
Our website and / or service does not intend to collect data about website visitors under the age of 16. Unless they have permission from their parents or guardian. However, we cannot check whether a visitor is older than 16. We therefore advise parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data about children from being collected without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal information about a minor without this permission, please contact us via info [at] viverit.com and we will delete this information.
For what purpose and on what basis do we process personal data
Viverit Comm. V. processes your personal data for the following purposes:
- Viverit Comm. V. analyzes your behavior on the website in order to improve the website and to tailor the range of products and services to your preferences.
- Viverit Comm. V. tracks your surfing behavior on various websites on which we tailor our products and services to your needs.
Creating statistics on the use of services
We use cookies while implementing our services in order to create statistics and analyze how Users benefit from our services. This information is used to improve the quality of our services.
Our statistics are created based on a service provided by an external entity, Google Analytics.
Advertising activities
We use cookies or related technologies to display ads tailored to the preferences and interests of Users.
For this purpose, we use cookies or related technologies for analyzing the User's online activity as well as determining the User's preferences and interests. We also use the services provided by external entities, e.g. Google Adwords.
Automated Decision Making
Viverit Comm. V. does not make decisions based on automated processing on matters that can have (significant) consequences for people. These are decisions taken by computer programs or systems, without involving a person (for example, an employee of Viverit Comm. V.).
How long we keep personal data
Viverit Comm. V. does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data is collected. We use the following retention periods for the following (categories) of personal data: (Category) analytical data> Retention period 2 years> Operational follow-up of our products
Sharing personal data with third parties
Viverit Comm. V. will not sell your information to third parties and will only provide it if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with a legal obligation. Your data may be processed by other companies on our behalf. More information about this can be found at https://www.appodeal.com/home/privacy-policy/.
Cookies, or similar techniques, that we use
Viverit Comm. V. uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website. Viverit Comm. V. uses cookies with a purely technical functionality. These ensure that the website works properly and that, for example, your preferred settings are remembered. These cookies are also used to make the website work properly and to optimize it. In addition, we place cookies that keep track of your surfing behavior so that we can offer customized content and advertisements. On your first visit to our website, we have already informed you about these cookies and asked permission to place them. You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it no longer stores cookies. In addition, you can also delete all information previously saved via the settings of your browser.
Cookies are also placed on this website by third parties. These are, for example, advertisers and / or the social media companies. [Example: Cookie: Googly Analytics Name: _utma Function: Analytical cookie that measures website visits Retention period: 2 years]
View, modify or delete data
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. You also have the right to withdraw your consent for data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by Viverit Comm. V. and you have the right to data portability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal data that we have about you in a computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you. You can send a request for access, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request for cancellation of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data to info[at]viverit.com.
How we secure personal data
Viverit Comm. V. takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. If you have the impression that your data is not properly secured or there are indications of abuse, please contact our customer service or via info [at] viverit.com
Legal proceedings and claims
We may process personal data of particular Users in the case of legal proceedings related to violations of the Terms and Conditions or legal regulations, proceedings to assert our claims as well as to defend against claims pressed by Users or other entities.
If personal data are processed in order to claim other Users, these data may be made available to other Users and entities or public bodies authorized by law, including but not limited to: courts, the police, prosecutors.
We will then process the data, including their disclosure in accordance with art. 6 par. 1 lit. c GDPR, i.e. in order to fulfil the obligation resulting from the provisions of law or in accordance with art. 6 par. 1 lit. f GDPR, i.e. in the legitimate interest of pursuing claims against the User.
Contacting us
In order to investigate complaints, remarks, questions or any other reason for using the contact form on our website, Viverit processes the following personal data: email address, name, the content of form, and any other optional information obtained while communicating with the User. As part of the analysis related to the complaint, Viverit can also process information about the User's use of Viverit services, information about devices, cookies or related technologies.
Through contacting our Users as part of technical assistance and guidance on how to use the application and collecting reviews about the application, the email address and the content of the message is processed.
These data are processed in accordance with art. 6 par. 1 lit. f GDPR, for a legitimate interest, which is to ensure contact with our Users. The processing this data does not violate their rights and freedoms.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be modified or amended in order to provide our Users with up-to-date and reliable information regarding the processing of personal data.