Privacy Policy Smart App Lock – Privacy Policies
Skip to content
Privacy Policies
Menu and widgets
Home
Contact
Search for:
Privacy Policy Smart App Lock
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Smart App Lock  applications on all platforms.
By installing and using the apps, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not agree, please do not install and use the apps.
1. Non-personal Data
Non-personal data is information that does not identify you personally. We may collect non-personal data such as your device model, operating system version, country code, and other attributes to manage your app and communicate with you.
2. Ad serving Technology
We may disclose non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect non-personal data through their own embedded technology. In order to serve ads to you, third-party advertising companies may post or identify unique cookies, anonymous identifiers or similar technologies for non-personally identifiable information. If you would like more information, please click on the following link:
AdMob –
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Facebook Audience Network –
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/policy/
3. Location Data
Some of the apps may request your Location data for a functional purpose. We may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. We do NOT provide your Location data for advertising networks and third parties.
4. Personal Data
Personal data means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address). We collect and store Personal data only with your consent. We may use your Personal data to send emails to you with informative content about the apps, such as new features and services, special offers, order issues and updated information.
5. Third party terms and conditions
Please note that your access to and use of the apps may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies. You recognize and agree that we is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and any third party’s use of your Personal data. Here are links to the privacy policies of a few of the distributors we use:
Google –
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
6. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
We disclose information in response to subpoenas, court orders and other legal proceedings, as well as establishing/exercising our legal rights or defending legal claims. We will share personal and non-personal data in order to investigate, prevent or take action against illegal activities, suspected of fraud, potential threats to the personal safety of any person, in violation of our Terms of Use or legal requirements.
7. Refund policies
You can get refund as follow Google Play policy –
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2479637#policy
. After 48 hours from purchasing time, we will not refund for any purchasing transactions.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at apps@appytome.com
Advertisement
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Related
Posted on
July 5, 2019
Author
aneeshrayancha
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Enter your comment here...
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
Email
(required)
(Address never made public)
Name
(required)
Website
You are commenting using your WordPress.com account.
(
Log Out
/
Change
)
You are commenting using your Twitter account.
(
Log Out
/
Change
)
You are commenting using your Facebook account.
(
Log Out
/
Change
)
Cancel
Connecting to %s
Notify me of new comments via email.
Notify me of new posts via email.
Δ
Post navigation
Previous
Previous post:
Previous Post
Next
Next post:
What’s The Song – Privacy Policy
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
Privacy Policies
Join 715 other followers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Privacy Policies
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this: