Privacy Policy - Speaky
Blog
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Menu
Blog
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Go to Speaky Web
Privacy Policy
Who are we?
SPEAKY S.A., (hereafter referred to as
“Speaky”
or
“we”
) offers users online language and spelling course services (hereafter referred to as the
“Services”
), accessible from the website www.speaky.com (hereafter referred to as the
“Site”
) or via a learning platform installed on the user’s device (hereafter referred to as the
“Platform”
).
Address:
16 Place de l’Université, 1348 Louvain-la-Neuve (Belgium)
Email address:
[email protected]
Company number:
0876.816.058
What is the purpose of this document?
Speaky is committed to respecting the privacy of Users when collecting and processing Users’ personal data in connection with the Services. Speaky therefore makes every effort to protect the confidentiality of the personal data collected and to comply with applicable data protection laws, including the European Regulation 2016/679, known as the General Data Protection Regulation or, in short, GDPR.
This policy regarding the processing of personal data (hereafter referred to as the
“Privacy Policy”
) details Speaky’s practices with regard to the collection and processing of personal data (hereafter referred to as
“Data”
) following consultation of the Site, requesting information and executing the Services from the Site or Platform or via any other electronic means of communication. By “processing of personal data”, we mean any handling of data that can identify you as a natural person.
Please note that the data collected by Speaky in the context of a study on language knowledge is anonymised and is solely intended for the production of anonymous global statistics. This data is not subject to any individual processing and is therefore not subject to the Privacy Policy.
The personal data that we collect is specifically defined in the section below, which we invite you to read carefully. Speaky is committed to respecting your privacy and providing you with as much information as possible to allow you to control what happens to your Data. You will therefore find below further information about the Data we collect, why we collect it, how long we keep it, your privacy rights and how you can exercise them.
Speaky may modify this Privacy Policy periodically, in particular in the event of legislative changes. We therefore invite you to always consult the latest version of the Privacy Policy on our website https://www.speaky.com/privacy-policy/.
What personal data do we collect?
You will find below the different types of Data that we collect, which can be collected cumulatively:
The Data collected automatically at the time of each access to the Site by any User:
IP address
Date and time of access to the site
Pages browsed
Type of browser used
The platform and/or operating system installed on the device (computer, tablet, smartphone)
The search engine and keywords used to find the site
Data communicated to Speaky by the Interested Parties that enable us to contact you and perform the Services (login, gender, first name, last name, email address, date of birth, study language, country)
Data related to your Speaky Services orders
Data collected by the Interested Parties when they contact our customer service department (in particular by email) in order to offer the best Services possible (for the execution of the Services that concern you or as part of pre-contractual measures)
The information collected automatically when a User uses the Site or the Platform:
Operating activities (which are recorded in a designated file in the form of a “log”), including the User’s login, the features used, the time of execution or “timestamp”, and the workstation used via the User’s IP address
Connections to the platform
Speaky uses your Data only to the extent necessary for the purposes for which it was obtained as described in the section below.
Please note that as the use of Speaky is not intended for children under the age of 16, we do not intentionally collect personal information from children under the age of 16 without the explicit authorisation of a parent or guardian. In the event that information about children under the age of 16 has been inadvertently collected by us, we will take steps to delete the Data as soon as possible, unless we are required by law to store that information.
We also use cookies – please see our Cookie Policy section for further information.
For what purposes and on what legal basis do we use your Data?
Speaky uses your Data for various purposes; We only use the data that is essential to achieve the intended purpose and when necessary:
In the context of the preparation of a contract, its performance or its dissolution. For example, to provide you with the requested Services and respond to questions you have about the Services.
To conform with the legal and regulatory provisions to which Speaky is subject. For example, in connection with tax report filings and accounting obligations.
On the basis of our legitimate interests, ensuring in such cases to balance these with respect for your privacy. We may thus use the Data of the Interested Parties for the purpose of informing, advertising, marketing and improving Speaky’s products and services. Specifically, this allows us to:
Send you our Newsletter
Offer you new or similar products, services, or special campaigns that are likely to be of interest to you (by mail, telephone, email or via social networks)
Send you promotional offers about similar products and services
Finally, Speaky may collect and use Data with your consent if it is to send you promotional messages, provided that you are not yet listed as an Interested Party. In this context, you may at any time request to unsubscribe to these promotional messages.
To whom can we transmit your Data?
We only transmit your Data to third parties when:
It is necessary for the proper execution of our Services
It is necessary to meet a legal obligation
In order to execute our Services, we may subcontract, in whole or in part, some of our tasks to technical subcontractors, for example to an IT company with a view to hosting the Site and storing the Data and backup copies. We ensure that subcontractors handle your Data in the same manner we do; that is, in a safe, respectful and responsible way, and we provide adequate contractual guarantees to this effect. Speaky therefore requires its subcontractors to comply with data protection legislation and to provide sufficient guarantees regarding the implementation of appropriate technical and organisational measures, so that the use of the data meets the requirements of applicable data protection legislation and guarantees the protection of your rights.
What are your rights in relation to your Data?
Depending on the processing and the legal basis, there are a number of possibilities available to you to keep control over your Data:
Right to access your Data
Right to amend your Data
Right to object to the processing of your Data
Right to limit the processing of your data
Right to have your Data deleted
Right to the portability of your Data
Right to withdraw your consent
To exercise your rights, please send an email to
[email protected]
.
For how long do we keep your Data?
We will not retain your Data beyond the time necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it is collected. Speaky may, however, use the contact information of Interested Parties to identify and inform them of new Speaky products and promotions for a period of 2 years, unless the Interested Parties have unsubscribed from these promotional messages. At the end of the storage periods described above, Data will be deleted or made anonymous, except insofar as its storage is a legal obligation, specifically in case of compliance with the obligation to keep documents for accounting and tax purposes.
How do we protect your Data?
We have developed appropriate technical and organisational security rules in order to prevent the destruction, loss, falsification, modification, unauthorised access, accidental disclosure to third parties and any other unauthorised handling of Data. For example, Speaky synchronises databases containing User or Client Data securely on three different physical supports. In order to protect the entire system against viruses and security breaches, system software and application software packages are updated as soon as a security update is available. A firewall is installed on each server and is configured by our network administrator to protect against any external attack. Access to the servers is also restricted by private-public key, with the private key being encrypted (DES 256). Finally, the individual computer of each Speaky employee is equipped with an automatically updated and professional anti-virus software. In addition, developers or employees working on the infrastructure are equipped with a computer that has a fully encrypted hard disk. In the event of a data leak with adverse consequences for your Data, you are personally notified under the circumstances and within the time limits as stipulated by law. To ensure the security of your Data, we advise that you:
Do not disclose your password to third parties
Change your password regularly
Make sure that access to your computer/tablet/smartphone is secure
You are solely responsible for your Client Account and the consequences of its use, as well as for any information of any kind that you communicate to Speaky. Speaky is not liable in the event of damage caused because of erroneous, incomplete or fraudulent information that you provide to us.
What do you need to know about third-party sites?
Our website may contain links to third-party sites, and some of our Services may grant you access to third-party services (such as social networks). We have no control over how third-party sites and services handle your Data. We do not review third party sites and services, and we are not responsible for those third-party sites and services or their practices regarding the protection of your Data. We invite you to carefully read the data handling policies of third-party sites that you access from our Site.
How to contact us?
If you wish to exercise your rights or if you have questions regarding the handling of your Data, you may contact us by sending an email to:
[email protected]
.
Do not hesitate to contact us should you consider that we have not treated your Data appropriately. We will do our best to follow up your request as quickly as possible. Should you remain unsatisfied with our response, you can also file a complaint with the data protection authority:
Address:
Rue de la Presse, 35, 1000 Brussels, Belgium
Telephone:
+32 2 274 48 00
Email address:
[email protected]
Website:
https://www.dataprotectionauthority.be
_____________________________________________________________________________________
COOKIE POLICY
What is a cookie policy?
This cookie policy aims to provide information that is as clear and complete as possible about the cookies we use and their purpose. We also invite you to read our Privacy Policy to learn about the rules that apply to the protection of personal data.
A cookie is a small data file stored on the hard drive of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you visit a website. The cookie is placed on your device by the server that hosts the website. The server recognises your device when you return to the site in question because of a cookie’s unique ID number. There are different types of cookies, categorised based on origin, function and lifetime.
What types of cookies do we use?
The
Site
and the
Platform
primarily use “third-party cookies”. This type of cookie can only be read by our Services.
However, certain pages of our Site and Platform may use external services, which also define their own cookies, called third party cookies. This is why you must accept cookies from these external services in order to be able to consult some of our pages.
We use our
3 types of third-party cookies
to:
Save visitors’ preferences
Ensure the proper functioning of our Site and Platform
Collect data for the purposes of analysis (on User behaviour)
Visitor Preferences
These cookies are defined by us and only we can read them:
Name
Service
Purpose
Type of cookie and storage duration
wpca_cc
SPEAKY Public Site
Find out the User’s cookie preferences.
First-party cookie, duration 1 year
wpca_content
SPEAKY Public Site
Find out the details of the User’s cookie preferences.
First-party cookie, duration 1 year
2. Operational Cookies
Certain cookies must be added to ensure the functioning of certain web pages. They therefore do not require your consent. This is the case in particular:
With authentication cookies
With technical cookies
necessary for certain computer systems
2.1 Authentication Cookies
These Cookies are registered when you log on to the Speaky Platform. By doing so, you accept the associated Privacy Policy.
Name
Service
Purpose
Type of cookie and storage duration
_zendesk_session
Support Service
Registers a unique session key for the Zendesk Classic application
Essential third-party cookie, 1 year
2.2 Technical Cookies
Name
Service
Purpose
Type of cookie and storage duration
Sendbird
__cfduid
Analysis service for technical errors, Technical support,
Cloudflare security setting for guide resources
Third-party Cookie, 1 month
__cfduid
Analysis service for technical errors, Technical support
Cloudflare security setting for guide resources
Third-party Cookie, 1 month
3.
Analysis Cookies
These cookies are used only by us in internal searches to improve the service that we offer to all our Users.
These cookies simply analyse the way in which you use our websites and are anonymised (the
data collected will not allow you to be personally identified
).
This data is
neither shared with third parties
nor used for other purposes.
Name
Service
Purpose
Type of cookie and storage duration
_pk_id#
Web analysis service for companies
Recognises Site visitors (
anonymously
– no personal information is collected on the User)
Persistent first-party cookie, 13 months
_pk_ses#
Web analysis service for companies
Identifies the pages consulted by a User during the same visit (
anonymously
– no personal information is collected on the User)
Persistent first-party cookie, 30 minutes
_gid
Speaky
User path
Third-party cookie, 1 day
in-token
Analysis service for technical errors
Monitoring of the User sessions
Third-party cookie, 7 days
_ga
Speaky
Used to identify the visitor
Third-party cookie, 2 years
amplitude_idspeaky.com
Speaky
Used to identify the User
Third-party cookie, 10 years
stg_traffic_source_priority
Web analysis service
Stores the type of source of traffic which explains how the visitor has reached the website
First-party cookie, 30 mins
stg_returning_visitor
Web analysis service
Determines if it is a returning visitor
First-party cookie, 1 year
stg_last_interaction
Web analysis service
Determines if the visitor’s last session is still underway or if a new session has started
First-party cookie, 1 year
stg_externalReferrer
Web analysis service
Stores the URL of a website which has sent a visitor to the Site
First-party cookie, session duration
You can only access the Speaky support service after having given your consent to activate tracking cookies and third-party web beacons. Consent to access the support service is requested via a consent pop-up window during access to the Site. By clicking on the “contact support” link, you agree to activate the cookies and third-party web beacons.
To display this third-party content, you must first accept their specific terms and conditions, including their cookie policy, over which we have no control.
If you do not display this content, no third-party cookies will be installed on your device.
How to Manage Cookies
You can
manage and/or delete
cookies as you wish. To find out more, consult
aboutcookies.org
. You can delete all the cookies already stored on your computer and configure the majority of browsers so that they block them. However, in this case, you may need to indicate certain preferences each time you visit a site and note that certain services and functionalities may not be accessible.