Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
lockdown.mobi built the Gallery Plus app as
                    a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by
                    lockdown.mobi at no cost and is intended for
                    use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding
                    our policies with the collection, use, and
                    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use
                    our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree
                    to the collection and use of information in relation to this
                    policy. The Personal Information that we collect is
                    used for providing and improving the Service.
                    We will not use or share your
                    information with anyone except as described in this Privacy
                    Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
                    as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
                    Gallery Plus unless otherwise defined in this Privacy
                    Policy.
What information does the Application collect and how is it used?
1. Information about your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
  Screen size
  Operating system
  Mobile browser used
  Language settings and time zone
2. Unique identifiers. Unique identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for vendors
  Google Advertising ID (GAID) or Android ID for Android devices
4. Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
  Network provider or ISP
  Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
  IP address
  IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
  Date and time of connection
  (e) Advertisement information. We collect information about the ads presented on your device, including:

  The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g., games, finance, entertainment, news)
  The ad type (e.g., whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
  Where the ad is being served (e.g., the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
  Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Security
We value your trust in providing us
                    your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
                    commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember
                    that no method of transmission over the internet, or method
                    of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and
                    we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click
                    on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
                    Note that these external sites are not operated by
                    us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to
                    review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
                    We have no control over and assume no
                    responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
                    practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
                    We do not knowingly collect personally
                    identifiable information from children under 13. In the case
                    we discover that a child under 13 has provided
                    us with personal information,
                    we immediately delete this from our servers. If you
                    are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child
                    has provided us with personal information, please contact
                    us so that we will be able to do
                    necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
                    time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                    periodically for any changes. We will
                    notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
                    on this page. These changes are effective immediately after
                    they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about
                    our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
                    us at lockdown.mobi@gmail.com.
This privacy policy page was created at
privacypolicytemplate.net
and modified/generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator