Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Google's Privacy Policy.
For information about Google's data protection practices, please read Google's privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy.html. This policy explains how Google treats your personal information and protects your privacy when you use the Service.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
- To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
- To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
- To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our
web site privacy policy
.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse