DreamLab Privacy Notice | Vodafone Australia
Skip to content
How can we help?
Search
DreamLab Privacy notice
This statement explains how Vodafone processes your data for the Dream Lab application, which you can access and download via any app store.
Last updated: 2 September 2019
Please
note, this privacy statement relates to DreamLab and Vodafone in Australia. To read the privacy statement for other regions, please click the relevant link below.
Albania
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Ireland
Italy
Lesotho
Netherlands
New Zealand
Portugal
Romania
South Africa
Spain
Tanzania
Turkey
United Kingdom
What is Dream Lab
The DreamLab Smartphone Application (DreamLab Application) is provided to you by TPG Telecom ABN 76 096 304 620 (Vodafone), of Level 14, 177 Pacific Highway, North Sydney, NSW 2060 Australia
This Privacy Notice, explains the information that is collected by DreamLab and how it will be used. For further information please contact
dreamlab@vodafone.com.au
.
Who we are
We are TPG Telecom.
In this privacy policy:
“we/us” means TPG Telecom
“third party” means someone who is not you or us; and
“Vodafone Group” means Vodafone Group Plc and any company or other organisation in which Vodafone Group Plc owns more than 15% of the share capital.
Our registered office is Level 14, 177 Pacific Highway, North Sydney, NSW 2060 Australia. We are registered in Australia under ABN 76 096 304 620.
Our main switchboard is
1300 650 410
.
How to contact us
Your opinion matters to us – if you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can email us at:
privacy@vodafone.com.au
or you can contact our privacy team:
Call
1555
from your Vodafone mobile.
Call
1300 650 410
from any phone.
Our postal address is:
Vodafone Customer Care PO Box 2580
Kingston Delivery Centre
Kingston, Tasmania 7050
Personal information we collect about you
In order to enable users to make use of the application features and provide the service through the application, DreamLab Application assigns or collects the below information about users:
Universal Unique Identifier (UUID) – a unique device identifier assigned when using the DreamLab Application;
Identifier token (random string of numbers) is assigned to a user, if you choose to login to the DreamLab Application via their Apple or Google account. You can choose to unlink your DreamLab account with these providers via your settings. For more information on how these providers process your personal data we recommend that you review their privacy policies;
Your social media handle or username if you have chosen to link your account with Apple or Google;
Your app activity when you choose to log in via your Apple or Google account. This data may be displayed as part of our leadership board functionality. If you do not wish to participate in the leadership board functionality then you can choose to use the app anonymously by not linking your Apple or Google account;
Device region (the region locale that you the user selected when setting up thyoureir device) – so that DreamLab application can be set to default off on mobile when roaming on Android devices (only). This data may also be used when displaying your activity as part of our leadership board functionality;
On Android devices (only) the app requests access to photos, media, files permission in order to temporarily store the tiny research problems whilst they are being processed and solved by the phone. DreamLab Application will only access the files it has created in the files directories. DreamLab Application does not need access to any of your personal data or photos to be able to solve tiny research problems.
When we collect your personal information
We collect your personal information when:
You download the application;
If you choose to link your Apple or Google account with your Dream Lab application.
Vodafone will process your personal data based on:
A performance of a contract – to provide you with the service you have asked for;
When in Vodafone’s legitimate business interests – when it comes to developing and improving the app when gaining insights through app analytics.
How we use your personal information
We will use your personal information for the following purposes:
- If you have chosen to link your Apple or Google account then we will display your usernames for those services in our leaderboards, delinking your account from Apple or Google will stop that data from displaying on our leaderboards
- We may use your activity information for analytics purposes but this will be done on an anonymous and aggregated basis; We also access anonymous information via Google, Apple and Adobe Analytics about use of the DreamLab Application in order to improve and enhance the DreamLab experience. The data collected for this purpose is anonymous, aggregated and de-identified. Some examples include age, gender, operating system and time spent using the DreamLab Application. We access this information to understand how you and our community as a whole use our application.
How we share your personal information
Vodafone will not share or disclose to third parties any information collected by the application, unless you have agreed to do so or explicitly required by law.
International data transfers
We may need to transfer your information to other Vodafone Group companies or service providers in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). The EEA consists of countries in the European Union, Switzerland, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway: they are considered to have equivalent laws when it comes to data protection and privacy. This kind of data transfer may happen if our servers (i.e. where we store data) or our suppliers and service providers are based outside the EEA, or if you use our services and products while visiting countries outside this area.
If Vodafone sends your information to a country that is not in the EEA, we will make sure that your information is properly protected. We will always ensure that there is a proper legal agreement that covers the data transfer. In addition, if the country is not considered to have laws that are equivalent to EU data protection standards then we will ask the third party to enter into a legal agreement that reflects those standards.
How long we keep your personal information for
The personal data processed in connection with your leader board activity, if you have chosen to link your Apple or Google account, will be deleted as soon as you choose to delink your account.
Vodafone may retain aggregated and statistical reports about use of the DreamLab Application but these reports will not identify you as a user.
Keeping your personal information secure
Vodafone takes technical and organisational security measures as required by law and by industry standards to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. We take steps to ensure that we only use your personal information as described in this privacy notice and to honour the choices that you have made. We only partner with service providers who contract to provide the same level of information security that you can expect from Vodafone
In case you need more information on how Vodafone uses your personal data and/or maintains the security of your information, and your rights to access and/or delete the information Vodafone holds, please contact
dreamlab@vodafone.com.au
.
Your rights
Below we set out details on how you can exercise your rights. If you have a question or cannot find the answer, please contact our Privacy team.
Right to correct personal data
You have the right to correct information held about you if it’s not accurate. The only personal data we will process will be if you decide to link your Apple or Google account with the app. If that information displayed is not correct then you will need to inform those parties that the data related to those profiles requires updating.
Right to access personal data
You have the right to make a request for a copy of the personal data that Vodafone holds about you. The only personal information we will hold is your leader board activity which you will be able to see within the app.
Right to data portability
You have the right to be able to take with you the personal data you provided to us in certain circumstances.
Right to object to use of personal data
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to object to Vodafone processing your personal information.
To opt out of analytics;
For Android users, you can opt out of providing this information via the DreamLab Application Settings. For iOS users, you can opt out of providing this information via your device Settings.
To opt out of social media logins;
You can also choose to delink your Apple or Google account from the app via the settings for those providers.
To opt out of push notifications;
For iOS users, you can opt in to receive app service related communications (for example, to set yourself a reminder to use the application, or to be updated with research news and discoveries) if you ‘Allow Notifications’ when setting up the DreamLab Application. No personal data is collected by the application for this purpose. You may disable push-notifications via your device Settings (Notifications).
For Android users, you can opt out of app service related communications via the DreamLab Application Settings anytime.
How to lodge a complaint
If you want to contact us about any of your rights or if complain about how we use your information, contact our Privacy team. We’ll do our best to help but if you’re still unhappy, you can contact the Australian Privacy Commissioner: GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001.
Telephone:
1300 363 992
.
Email:
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
(preferred)
Right to erasure
If you choose to no longer have your personal information that you have linked via your Apple or Google account to the DreamLab app then you can delink your account via the settings for those providers.
© 2023 TPG Telecom Limited ABN 76 096 304 620
Vodafone acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the land on which we live, work and connect. We pay respect to Elders, past, present, and emerging.