Dear Users,
Bajao built the Bajao Music APP/PORTAL
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
                    The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Bajao unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to camera, microphone, accounts, contacts, or phone. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app/portal does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app/portal.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app/portal we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app/portal when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app/portal may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
1.To facilitate our Service;
2.To provide the Service on our behalf;
3.To perform Service-related services; or
4.To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Content
1. Users can only download the content for personal usage only, no commercial usage and further distribution is allowed.
2. No local storage other than Bajao’s designated space is allowed.
3. No re-production or recording is allowed.
4. User must remove downloaded content after service unsubscription, otherwise it is an infringement with legal consequences as per Law
Social Media and Gmail Log In
If you register for or log into our services using third party credentials (e.g. Facebook, Gmail), we will import your information from such third party to help create your account with us.
The exact personal data we will collect depends on how you create an account, and whether you use third party services (such as Facebook and Gmail) to sign up and use the Bajao Service. If you use a third party service to create an account, we will receive personal data via that third party service but only when you have consented to that third party service sharing your personal data with us. Please note that the available plans and sign-up options may differ by country.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us on support@bajao.pk
Bajao knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting Bajao, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
1.What Personal Information About Customers Does Bajao Gather?
2.What About Cookies?
3.Does Bajao Share the Information It Receives?
4.How Secure Is Information About Me?
5.What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?
6.Which Information Can I Access?
7.Are Children Allowed to Use Bajao?
8.Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
9.Examples of Information Collected
10. Can I request account deletion?
What Personal Information about Customers Does Bajao Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Bajao experience. Here are the types of information we gather.
1.Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
2.Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies" and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Bajao.
3.Mobile: When you download or use apps created by Bajao or our subsidiaries, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.
4.E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Bajao if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers.
5.Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
What About Cookies?
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Bajao’s essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Bajao products and services that require you to Sign in.
Does Bajao Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries Bajao, controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
1.Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with affiliated businesses. In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with businesses like telecom operators. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.
2.Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
3.Promotional Offers: Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Bajao customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address.
4.Protection of Bajao and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Bajao, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
5.With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
1.We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
                                                                                                                                2.It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared device.
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?
We do not have third party advertisers or links to other websites on our platform.
Which Information Can I Access?
Bajao gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Bajao for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information
Are Children Allowed to Use Bajao?
Bajao does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Bajao only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Bajao, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes. If you have any concern about privacy at Bajao, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Examples of Information Collected
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing features for you, improving our app and communicating with you.
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies" and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Bajao.
When you download or use apps created by Bajao or our subsidiaries, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.
To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Bajao if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers.
We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
Can I request account deletion?
Yes, you can request Bajao to delete your account or data acquired through Facebook and Gmail. For account deletion, all you have to do is provide your account details via email on
bajao.app@gmail
.com or reach us out on Whatsapp +923090432344. Your request will be processed and account will be deleted in 48-72 hours.
Android App Permissions
1. Record Audio Permission: Bajao uses your phone’s microphone to record voice when searching.
2. Read and Write to Storage Permission: Bajao uses access to the phone storage to save recorded files. It is to save and play for downloaded songs information Collected in Mobile.
3. If logging in with mobile number: Bajao collects mobile number and operator
4. If logging in with Gmail or Facebook: Bajao collects email address and full name
The App does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the App.
1.
Google Play Services
2.
AdMob
3.
Google Analytics for Firebase
4.
Firebase Crashlytics
5.
Facebook
6.
Clevertap