PRIVACY POLICY - Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
- ​Last updated: December 2, 2023
Our products("service", "we,") collects some information from you in order to provide better service and better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.​
​1. Information we may collect from you and how we use it:
- When you use our services, we automatically collect Non-Personal information about the device you use to access our services and your usage of our services.
- The information we collect may include (where available) the type and model of the device you use, the device's unique device identifier, operating system, language options and mobile network information to allow you to use our services. We use this information to administer our services and for our internal operations including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes, to improve our services.
2. Explaination for permissions:
​
-  ​
CAMERA :
Camera sensor, which is used for the purpose of taking photos.
​     A permission  is required to use the phone's camera hardware,It is necessary for the basic function of the application.
-  ​
AUDIO RECORD:
​    Microphone data, which is used for the purpose of recording videos.
​      It is a necessary permission for recording voices during video recording. It can not be used for any other purpose.
​   -  ​
ACCESS LOCATION:
Location permission is required for geotagging of photos, but this is disabled by default. If enabled, your location is encoded in the saved image and video files (and it is only used for this purpose).
-  ​
WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE:
The permission to writing data to external memory.
- ​
We also use：
ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE, ACCESS_WIFI_STATE, READ_PHONE_STATE , INTERNET permissions.
3.  Information collected by our Third Party Advertising Partners:
We work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, Facebook Audience Network, and etc.
Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID, randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device' settings), device language, operating system, time zones, and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device
.
​
​4. Children's Privacy
​Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. Should we become aware of inadvertently collecting Personal Data from minors without appropriate parental consent, we will endeavor to promptly delete such data from our systems.
​
​5. Your Privacy Rights
- Residents of the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA) are granted specific rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
- California residents may exercise their rights in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
- You have rights under relevant law to challenge or limit the processing of your Personal Data and to request access to, correction of, deletion of, and the ability to move your Personal Data.
​
6. How we share your information
We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public or our product.
​
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
​
Our product may in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
​
8. Contact us
​
If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests, please contact us through developer email.
Powered by
Create your own unique website with customizable templates.
Get Started