Tricore Apps - Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Tricore Apps
Home
Android Apps
Android Games
Android Live Wallpapers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Tricore Apps
Privacy Policy
TRICORE APPS-TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
This terms and conditions make a legal agreement between you(a user) and Tricore apps, which is company registered in Hyderabad,India available in Google Play Store. You agree that using our Services, you are agreeing to this terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy. In your use of our games, applications,services and websites, we may collect certain data as outlined below. If you do not agree to our policies or license agreements, you may cease using our Services.
1.INFORMATION COLLECTED
(i)PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
We can be collect personally identification information from Users in a distinctive ways, when ever Users enter into our site, fill out the form with details of users, and have to make possible connection with other activities, services, features or resources present in our App. we have to asked for Users may be as appropriate, name, email address. sometimes however our app can be visited by users anonymously, We have to collect personal identification information from Users only if they freely submit such information to us.when ever to collect Personally identification information from Users they can be always not interested to supply except that we can be prevent them and become involved in with certain App related activities.
We take after by and large acknowledged industry benchmarks and inner strategies to ensure the individual data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. If you have any questions about security of our mobile applications, you can contact us at gamestricore@gmail.com
(ii)NON-PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION INFORMATION
We have to collect non-personal identification information data about Users at any point of time they may cooperate with our Applications and diversions. Non-personal identification information can be include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users we have to make connection to our App and game, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other related information.
Tricore has our Personal Information,it does not sell or rent to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior permission. Tricore can be share of our Personal Information that we have to be provided with us subsidiaries and related companies. Tricore may share Personal Information that can be assist in providing you services with business partners. Tricore is guaranteed to giving you the preferred whether or not it uses your information for marketing purposes or shares with business partners.
2.COOKIES
We have to use cookies or similar technologies (such as HTML5 Local Storage) when you use services provided by us ever time to store certain types of information. They can be used to help us identifying your computer and to make secure to your account and given correct username and password that is accessed by the person.
It has been explained below we have collected the information via cookies and other same type of technologies.Advertisers they have to access information by using cookies and other similar technologies in our Services. These technologies can be operate either (a) by through a small file whichever stores some information on your computer or mobile device; and/or (b) by accessing information on your device. We use cookies and similar technologies:
to allow us to recognize you and your device, for example by identifying your IP address;
to allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform;
to allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions;
to enable us and third parties to provide you with more customized services, for example to provide our services in the correct language or to enable the provision of more relevant advertising to you.
3.ADVERTISINGS
Tricore has to welcome the third parties ad networks for accepting advertisements (banners, interstitials and etc,..).In our apps and games ,these advertisements authorized to be displayed.Advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect data, in case that user clicks on any of these advertisements.
Our Kids Apps and games include third parties SDKs and these SDK collect non-personal information and Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier through the user’s use of the Kids Apps. Both, non-personal information and Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier, may also be stored on the user’s device through generally accepted industry technologies used within Kids Apps and game (cookies, local storage).
Sharing information
4.CROSS PROMOTION ADS
TRICORE displays ads to cross promote apps and games,developed by Tricore company. We do not gather or share any of your personal identification information to display our ads.
5.KIDS APPS & GAMES PRIVACY POLICY
This Kids Privacy Policy has to be specified to indicate you, with guidance regarding our privacy policies with respect to collecting, using and disclosing personal information ,regarding the legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 years old.
The Services comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). Tricore does not perceive collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Services. In addition, in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 within the Services or in connection with any Content or Software, Tricore will not collect, store or use any personal information of such user. Tricore has collected the personal information,it was identified provided by a child under the age of 13,Tricore will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
We offers mobile applications and games (Kids Apps), which are targeted to children under the age of 13 and also other apps are not targeted under the age of 13. Tricore understands the need to provide extra privacy protections to users who are children. Tricore has not interested to provide features and services such as social networking plug-ins and data can be gather purpose of to create user profiles will not be allowed users under the age of 13.
If you have additional questions about Tricore's Privacy Practices related to children under the age of 13, please contact us at gamestricore@gmail.com
6.RESPONIBILITY OF CONTENT SHARING
we have to be sent,uploaded,communicated,transmitted the Information, data, software, sound, photographs, graphics, video, tags, or other materials through our Services by you or another user (“Content”). we have to provide our services ,You understand and agree that all Content that you have to be sent using our Services, whether publicly posted or privately sent, is the sole responsibility of the person that sent the Content. This means that you, not us, are entirely responsible for all Content that you may upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available through our Services.
7.SAFEGUARDS
We have to provide appropriate safeguards that establish the security, integrity, and privacy of the personal information ,we have gathered and store details about our account holders, including children under age of 13. Tricore is stored Personal information collected by us in secure operating environments that are not obtainable to the public and that are only accessible by authorized employees. We should also provide security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. we have to recognize by requesting that submitted information of their username and password when ever Before we allow web users to access their personal information.
We have to revise this privacy statement to consider changes to our information practices. We give supatort you to regularly review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
You can contact us about this privacy policy statement by email us @ gamestricore@gmail.com
DISCLAIMER
All trademarks are the assets of their appropriate owners and we make no assurance or representation in regard of them.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse