Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy & EULA
Privacy Policy
As you use a browser to search information, visit websites, and share information with others, when you use these function, for example, typing a keyword and see related information on the internet via Browser 4G, we collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience to you. When participating in Browser 4G user experience improvement program, as appropriate, your usage, statistics, input while using Browser 4G, and crash reports would be collected.
And here we explain what information we collect and why, and how we use that information:
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
1. To personalize your experience
(Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
2. To improve our application
(We continually strive to improve our application based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
3. To improve customer service
(Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
4. To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
5. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
What information do we collect?
We collect information to improve our application and provide better services to all of our users - including:
1. the information you give us, for example, when you give us your opinions to our application and services via our feedback channel;
2. the information we get from your use of our application and services, like the keywords you type in our application to search, the websites link you input, click, interact, and trigger from any application in your device;
3. log information, the application events such as version, installed date and time, usages statistics, crashes event, and dump reports of our application;
4. location information, the MCC (mobile country code);
5. device information, such as your hardware model, android ID, and operation system version);
We do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include:
Trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We will access, use or disclose your information with other organizations or entities for reasons that required by any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
Detect, prevent, or otherwise fraud, security or technical issues;
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Browser 4G, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Security
Browser 4G is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
Children
are not intended for use by individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide Personal Information through our Website, Services or Application.
Types of Information
“Personal Information”
is information that you provide to us that personally identifies you, such as your name, phone number or email address. Except as described below, we do not collect or require users of the Website, Services or Application to provide Personal Information.
“Non-Personal Information”
is information that cannot be directly associated with a specific person or entity. Non-Personal Information includes but is not limited to your computer’s configuration and the version of Application that you use.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.
End-User License Agreement ("Agreement")
Last updated: (25/12/2018)
Please read this End-User License Agreement ("Agreement") carefully before clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading or using Browser 4G ("Application").
By clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading or using the Application, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not click on the "I Agree" button and do not download or use the Application.
License
Zoomob Limited grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to download, install and use the Application solely for your personal, non-commercial purposes strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
Restrictions
You agree not to, and you will not permit others to:
a) license, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit the Application or make the Application available to any third party.
Modifications to Application
Zoomob Limited reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Application or any service to which it connects, with or without notice and without liability to you.
Term and Termination
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by you or Zoomob Limited.
Zoomob Limited may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice.
This Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from Zoomob Limited, in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the Application and all copies thereof from your mobile device or from your desktop.
Upon termination of this Agreement, you shall cease all use of the Application and delete all copies of the Application from your mobile device or from your desktop.
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Amendments to this Agreement
Zoomob Limited reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 (changes this) days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
Email Address :
contact@zoomob.com
Tel. No. :  +852 3956 5381
Address: Room 2810, CEO Tower, 77 Wing Hong Street, Lai Chi Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse