3W Studio - Call Flash & Sms
Privacy Policy
This SERVICE is provided by 3w Studio LLC at no cost and is intended for use as is.
By installing and using
ZFlash.io Flash Alert Call Sms
, you agree to this privacy policy and give explicit and informed consent to the processing.
If you do not agree, please do not install and use the app.
ZFlash.io Flash Alert Call Sms
require certain permissions to properly work on Android devices. The permissions required are listed below :
CAMERA & FLASHLIGHT :
This service only use this permission to control led flashlight, we will not take photos or videos.
READ PHONE STATE :
This service only checks the phone state (calls and notifications), we will not collect personal information from your device.
By using these permissions
ZFlash.io Flash Alert Call Sms
will not collect any Personal Data from its Users.
Information Collection and Use (
third party)
The app use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party services used by the app :
Google Play Services
Google AdMob
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and informations (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us:
android@3wstudio.mobi
.