CamSurf Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Guidelines
Stories
FAQ
Press
Follow Camsurf on Facebook
Follow Camsurf on Instagram
Watch Camsurf on Youtube
Follow Camsurf on Twitter
Camsurf Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 5, 2020
Privacy Policy
Cookie Use Policy
Cookie Table
Introduction
Welcome to the Camsurf.com privacy policy.
EF Communications LLC respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) or use our mobile application and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Please also use the
Glossary
to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy policy.
Important Information and Who We Are
The Data We Collect About You
How Is Your Personal Data Collected?
How We Use Your Personal Data
Disclosures of Your Personal Data
International Transfers
Data Security
Data Retention
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Data
Do Not Track Policy
Your California Privacy Rights
Your Nevada Privacy Rights
Your Canadian Privacy Rights
Your EEA/UK Legal Rights
Glossary
1.Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how EF Communications LLC collects and processes your personal data through your use of the Camsurf.com website and mobile application, including any data you may provide when you sign up or purchase a membership.
Camsurf.com is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Controller
EF Communications LLC is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “EF Communications,” “we,” “us,” or “our” in this privacy policy).
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise
your EEA/UK legal rights
, please contact the data privacy manager using the details stated below.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our data privacy manager in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: EF Communications LLC
Email address:
privacy@camsurf.com
Postal address: 30 N. Gould Street, Suite 3687, Sheridan, Wyoming 82801
If you reside in the United Kingdom (UK), you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). If you reside within the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the appropriate supervisory authority for your country of residence. See
http://ec.europa.eu/
for those details. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach your supervisory authority so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on March 5, 2020. Historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during our relationship with you.
Third-party links
Camsurf may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers, and affiliates. In addition, Camsurf may include links to third-party plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. Please note that these websites and any services that may be accessible through them have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any personal data that may be collected through these websites or services, such as Contact and Location Data. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites or use these services.
2.The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store, and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes username or similar identifier and gender.
Contact Data
includes email address.
Financial Data
includes payment card details. We store only very limited, if any, Financial Data. Otherwise, all Financial Data is stored by our payment processor, SegPay, and you are encouraged to review its privacy policy, which is located at
https://segpay.com/consumer-privacy.html
, and contact SegPay directly for responses to your questions.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes Internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access Camsurf, including your webcam and microphone.
Device Data
includes the type of mobile device you use, a unique device identifier (for example, your device’s IMEI number, the MAC address of the device’s wireless network interface, or the mobile phone number used by the device), mobile network information, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile browser you use, time zone setting, and IP address.
Content Data
includes information stored on your computer, mobile telephone, or handheld device, including login information, photos, videos, or other digital content streamed or broadcast on Camsurf (please remember that Content Data may reveal personal data about yourself as well), and access to camera and microphone.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, mobile application, products, and services, including traffic data and other communication data and the resources that you access.
Google Login Data
includes your email address and password if you choose to link your Google account with us to facilitate account creation and logon process.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Location Data
: includes your current location disclosed by GPS technology and IP address, as well as information about proxies.
We also collect, use, and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Camsurf feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this include details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data) unless you voluntarily provide it. Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3.How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you, including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact, Financial, and Marketing and Communications Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
purchase products or services;
create an account on Camsurf;
use Camsurf (even if you don’t signup);
download the mobile application;
make an in-App purchase;
share data via social media functions;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion, or survey;
report a problem; or
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with Camsurf, we will automatically collect Technical, Device, Content, and Usage Data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical, Device, and Usage Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our
cookie policy
for further details.
Location Data.
We also use GPS technology and your IP address to determine your current location. Some of our location-enabled services require your personal data for the feature to work. If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling Location Data in your settings.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We will receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU; and
search information providers such as Google based outside the EU.
Contact, Financial, and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment, and delivery services such as
SegPay
based outside the EU. We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal data is governed by their privacy policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council.
Identity, Contact, and Profile Data from Google based outside the EU if you choose to register and login using your Google account.
4.How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where you have consented before the processing.
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
See the
Glossary
to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
We will only send you direct marketing communications by email or text if we have your consent. You have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us.
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new member
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To install the mobile application and register you as a new app user
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Device
Your consent
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees, and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Device
(f) Marketing and Communications
(a) Your consent
(b) Performance of a contract with you
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Communicate with you
(c) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Your consent
(b) Performance of a contract with you
(c) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(d) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to participate in Camsurf’s interactive features, including enabling live video chat
(a) Identity
(b) Technical
(c) Device
(d) Content
(e) Profile
(f) Usage
(g) Marketing and Communications
(h) Location
(a) Your consent
(b) Performance of a contract with you
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to offer you products and services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition, or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Device
(d) Profile
(e) Usage
(f) Marketing and Communications
(a) Your consent
(b) Performance of a contract with you
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and Camsurf (including security, fraud, troubleshooting/technical support, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting, and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Device
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud, and in the context of a business reorganization or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant content to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Device
(e) Content
(f) Profile
(g) Usage
(h) Location
(a) Your consent
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, and to develop them, to grow our business)
To use data analytics to improve our website, mobile application, products/services, marketing, customer relationships, and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Device
(c) Usage
(d) Location
(a) Your consent
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep Camsurf updated and relevant, to develop our business, and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Device
(e) Content
(f) Usage
(h) Marketing and Communications
(a) Your consent
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
To facilitate account creation and logon process if you choose to register or log in to Camsurf using your Google account
(a) Google Login Data
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Your consent
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have established the following personal data control mechanisms:
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Device, Usage, and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services, and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into Camsurf and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences, by following the opt-out links on any marketing messages sent to you, or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product or service purchase, product or service experience, or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see
cookie policy
.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5.Disclosures of your personal data
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes stated in the table (
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
) above.
External Third Parties as set out in the
Glossary
.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6.International transfers
We are based in the United States of America. We may process, store, and transfer the personal data we collect, in and to a country outside your own, with different privacy laws that may or may not be comprehensive as your own. Where we do so, and where we are required to under local law, we will put in place appropriate mechanisms to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection where it is processed.
Unless you are located in the EEA or the UK, by submitting your personal data or engaging with our platform, you consent to this transfer, storing, or processing.
If you reside in the EEA or the UK, your personal data may be processed outside of the EEA or UK, including, for example, in the United States, so processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA or UK.
Please note that we have elected to not participate in the EU–U.S. or the Swiss—U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks.
Nevertheless, whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA or UK, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that the recipient third party agrees to contractual clauses or other appropriate safeguards.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA or UK.
7.Data security
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions carried out by our chosen third-party provider of payment processing services will be encrypted using Secured Sockets Layer technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of Camsurf, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way.
We will collect and store personal data on your mobile or handheld device using application data caches and browser web storage (including HTML5) and other technology.
Certain services include social networking, chat, comment, or timeline features. Ensure when using these features that you do not submit any personal data that you do not want to be seen, collected, or used by other users.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8.Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or other requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial, and Transaction Data) for seven years after they stop being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see
accessing and correcting your personal data
and
your EEA/UK legal rights
below for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9.Accessing and correcting your personal data
You can access, review, and change your personal data by logging in and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email at
privacy@camsurf.com
to request access to, correct, or delete any personal data that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal data except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or negatively affect the information’s accuracy.
If you delete your User Contributions from Camsurf, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or might have been copied or stored by other Camsurf users.
California, Nevada, Canadian, EEA, and UK users may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see below for more information.
10.Do Not Track policy
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that you can set in your browser. DNT is a way for you to inform websites and services that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information we collect and that is why we provide you the ability to opt out. But we do not recognize or respond to any DNT signals as the Internet industry works toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT. For more information, visit
www.allaboutdnt.com
.
11.Your California privacy rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal data. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit
Privacy Notice for California Residents
.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section 1798.83) permits our users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make that request, please send an email to
privacy@camsurf.com
.
Further, if you are a California resident and would like to opt out from the disclosure of your personal data to any third party for direct marketing purposes, please send an email to
privacy@camsurf.com
. If you opt out from permitting your personal data to be shared, you may still receive selected offers directly from us in accordance with California law.
12.Your Nevada privacy rights
Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated address:
privacy@camsurf.com
. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute’s opt-out requirements.
13.Your Canadian privacy rights
We comply with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
We will only use your personal information for the purposes intended and as detailed in this policy unless we have obtained your consent to use it for other purposes.
Residents of Canada are notified that the personal data they provide to us is stored in our databases outside of Canada and may be subject to disclosure to authorized law enforcement or government agencies in response to lawful demand under the laws of that country.
You may withdraw your consent to our personal data collection, use, or disclosure, subject to legal and contractual restrictions.
You have the right to complain about our personal data handling practices.
If you need to contact us about your personal data or believe that we have violated your privacy rights, please contact us at
privacy@camsurf.com
. You may visit
www.priv.gc.ca
for more information about your privacy rights.
14.Your EEA/UK legal rights
If you reside in the EEA or UK, under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to ask us not to continue to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
15.Glossary
Lawful Basis
Consent
means processing your personal data where you have signified your agreement by a statement or clear opt-in to processing for a specific purpose. Consent will only be valid if it is a freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous indication of what you want. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us.
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
Third Parties
External Third Parties
Compliance with Laws.
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so to comply with applicable law, government requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights.
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to that information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the website, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the website over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the website (you can read more about how Google uses your personal data here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
). You can also optout of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Your EEA/UK Legal Rights
You have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully, or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy;
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it;
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims; or
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Camsurf Privacy Notice for California Residents
This privacy notice for California residents supplements the information contained in Camsurf’s privacy policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
Our Website collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“
personal information
”). Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; and
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
In particular, our Website has collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last 12 months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
_A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
NO
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
Our Website obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website.
From third parties. For example, from our business partners.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise stated in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Internet cookie data recipients, like Google Analytics.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding 12 months, Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers.
Internet cookie data recipients, like Google Analytics.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding 12 months, Company had not sold personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Emailing us at
privacy@camsurf.com
.
Visiting
https://camsurf.com/contacts/
.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that
can result
in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make that request, please send an email to
privacy@camsurf.com
.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective date.
Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which EF Communications LLC collects and uses your information described below and in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding that use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Website:
https://camsurf.com/contacts/
Email:
privacy@camsurf.com
Camsurf Cookie Use Policy
Cookies are small files of letters and numbers stored on your browser or device that enable the cookie owner to recognize the device when it visits websites or uses online services. The website you visit may set cookies directly, known as first-party cookies, or may trigger cookies set by other domain names, known as third-party cookies. While we may automatically use some cookies that are strictly necessary to provide the services you request or enable communications, we request your consent for all our other cookie uses.
Types of Cookies We Use
We may use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.
Our website requires the use of these cookies to properly operate or provide necessary functions relating to the services you request. They include, for example, cookies enabling page navigation and access to secure areas of the website.
Analytical/performance cookies.
These cookies allow us and our third-party service providers to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us improve how our website works by, for example, ensuring that users can easily find what they need on our website. These cookies generate aggregate statistics that are not associated with an individualized profile.
Functionality cookies.
These cookies enable helpful but non-essential website functions that improve your website experience. By recognizing you when you return to our website, they may, for example, allow us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, or remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). These cookies may enable visitor identification over time, but not across different websites.
Advertising, tracking, or targeting cookies.
These cookies enable different advertising related functions. They may allow us to record information about your visit to our website, such as pages visited and links followed so we can make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. These cookies may enable visitor identification across websites and over time.
Third-party cookies.
Our website may contain helpful but non-essential features or plug-ins enabling third-party services that use cookies, such as social network connectors, advertising networks, or web traffic analysis services. These cookies may enable visitor identification across websites and over time. We do not control the third party’s use of those cookies. Please review each party’s cookie disclosure before consenting to this use category.
Our
Privacy Policy
describes our practices for any personal data that our first-party cookies collect, store, or use.
Except for strictly necessary cookies, all first-party cookies set by this site will expire no later than two years after your last website visit. Third-party cookie expiration periods are set by their respective owners.
Please see our
Cookie Table
for a list of the individual first-party and third-party cookies potentially used on this site and their specific purposes.
Cross-Border Data Transfers
The cookies we use may process, store, or transfer personal data in and to a country outside your own, with privacy laws that provide different, possibly lower, protections. You consent to this transfer, storing, or processing when you consent to our cookie use. We are based in the United States of America. Please review the third-party cookie provider’s policy to learn more about its location.
Your Cookie Choices
Please visit our consent manager tool to make or manage your cookie use preferences.
You may withdraw your consent for our cookie uses that are not strictly necessary at any time by re-engaging the consent manager tool.
Most web browsers allow you to directly block all cookies, or just third-party cookies, through your browser settings. Using your browser settings to block all cookies, including strictly necessary ones, may interfere with proper site operation.
Changes to Our Cookie Uses
We will post any changes to the way we use cookies on this page and indicate on our website that we updated this cookie notice. If the changes materially alter how we use cookies, we will post a notice on our website and request your consent for the materially different use. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our cookie use notice.
Contact Information
Please submit any questions, comments, or requests regarding this cookie use notice using the process described in our
Privacy Policy
.
Camsurf Cookie Table
Cookies Used on Camsurf.com
The following table lists all cookies potentially in use on the Camsurf.com website. We will update this table as our website changes and evolves, so please check back frequently to review any new cookie uses. Visit our
Cookie Use Policy
for more information and choices about our cookie use, including our contact information and complaint procedures.
Cookie Category
Cookie Name and Provider
Purpose
Expiry
Type
Necessary
__cfduid
camsurf.com
Used by the content network, Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic.
1 year
HTTP
Necessary
__cfduid
foxrefs.com
Used by the content network, Cloudflare, to identify trusted web traffic.
1 year
HTTP
Necessary
PHPSESSID
foxrevenue.com
Preserves user session state across page requests.
Session
HTTP
Statistics
_ga
camsurf.com
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
2 years
HTTP
Statistics
_gat
camsurf.com
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
1 day
HTTP
Statistics
_gid
camsurf.com
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
1 day
HTTP
Statistics
collect
google-analytics.com
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor’s device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Session
Pixel
Marketing
rc::c
google.com
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Session
HTML
Unclassified
cuid
omecam.com
Unclassified
Session
HTTP
Unclassified
Member
camsurf.com
Unclassified
Persistent
HTML
Follow Camsurf on Facebook
Follow Camsurf on Instagram
Watch Camsurf on Youtube
Follow Camsurf on Twitter
Privacy
Terms
Contacts
CAMSURF
Copyright © 2023 Camsurf