Mobile Applications Privacy Policy | Funimada.com
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIFs
Most popular
Birthday Cakes
Wishes and Quotes
Flowers
Fireworks
Balloons
Funny GIFs
Text Animation
For Him
For Her
Age Specific
GIFs
Name GIFs
Year of Birth GIFs
Videos with music
Images
→ Deutsch
→ Français
→ Español
→ Português
→ Italiano
HOLIDAY GIFs
Halloween - October 31
Veterans Day - November 11
Thanksgiving - November 23
Christmas - December 25
Season's Greetings
New Year 2024 GIFs
Valentine's Day - February 14
President's Day - February 19
Women's Day - March 8
St.Patrick's Day - March 17
Easter - March 31
Workers' Day - May 1
Teachers' Day - May 7
Mother's Day - May 12
Memorial Day - May 27
Father's Day - June 16
4th of July
Labour Day - September 2
Columbus Day - October 14
OCCASIONS
Happy Anniversary
Congratulations
Thank you
Good Morning
Good Night
Number GIFs
Love GIFs
Hello
Various GIFs
Hello Spring
Hello Summer
Hello Fall
Black Friday
Hello Winter
Back to School
Bible Verses Images
APPS
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications ‘Good Morning Images’, ‘Happy Birthday Cards’  (“Application”) etc. 
 for mobile devices that was created by Funimada.com & Davno.ru. The Applications are collections of Images created by Andrei Balashov specifically for the applications.
What information does the Applications obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Applications obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Applications unless you register with us.
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your email address as an Google Play ID (to allow us send you push notifications); (b) transaction-related information, such as when you respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Applications may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Applications collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Applications does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Applications?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if Davno.ru is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Applications is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Applications which helps us keep the cost of the Applications low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below.
What are my opt-out rights?
There are multiple opt-out options for users of this Applications:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by the Applications easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile applications marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at davno.ru.app@gmail.com.
Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers: you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by using standard Android system settings tools.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Applications and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at davno.ru.app@gmail.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Applications to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 6. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at davno.ru.app@gmail.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at https://www.funimada.com/pp.html and informing you via ‘what’s new’ message at Google Play. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Applications, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Russian Federation. If you reside outside the Russian Federation your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under Russian Federation privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Applications, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at davno.ru.app@gmail.com.
Upcoming
holidays
:
Happy Halloween →
Tuesday, October 31, 2023.
Happy October Birthday →
GIFs for everyone born in October.
Get Our Apps:
Home
|
Holidays
|
Occasions
|
Search
|
Mobile Apps
|
Blog
|
About
|
Privacy Policy
(C) 2023 Funimada.com - Designer GIFs for birthdays, holidays and every day.
All Images and Animations on this website are for personal, non commercial use. It is prohibited to use GIFs and Images for purposes other than personal use. Republication, public re-transmission and  reproduction  of the Images is prohibited.