Data protection | SBB
Navigate at sbb.ch
To contents
To contact
Go to SBB home page
Service links
Search
Open
Search term
Search
Buy
Sign in
Change language. Current language:
English
Deutsch
Français
Italiano
English
is currently selected as the language.
Menu
Menu
Timetable
Close active menu item Timetable.
Back
Timetable
Online timetable
PDF timetables
Timetable change
Special event trains & additional trains
Rail traffic information
Operations & disruptions
Plans for replacement service
Confirmation of delay
Travel advice
Travel tips
Sustainable travel
Travel with reduced mobility
Travelling with children
Travel as a teenager
Travelling for seniors
Travelling with bicycles
Travelling with dogs
Guests from abroad
Group and school travel
Work Smart
Timetable apps
SBB Mobile
SBB Preview: the preview of SBB Mobile
SBB’s virtual assistant
SBB Inclusive
Travelcards & tickets
Close active menu item Travelcards & tickets.
Back
Travelcards & tickets
Purchase & advice
Online purchase
Profile
Find supersaver tickets
Link opens in new window.
Travelcard finder
Saver offers
Swiss fare networks
Personal consultation
Travelcards
GA Travelcards
Half Fare Travelcards
Junior Travelcard
Children’s Co-Travelcard
Night GA Travelcard
Companion Travelcard
Annual bike pass
Dog Pass
Leisure Travelcard
Point-to-point Travelcards
Regional travelcards
Modular Travelcards
Junior Travelcard & Children’s Co-Travelcard
Area of validity map
Tickets
Point-to-point tickets
Supersaver tickets
Day Passes
Tickets for travelling in Europe
Group tickets
Class upgrades
Seat reservations
Night-time services
SwissPass
SwissPass card
SwissPass account
SwissPass Mobile
SwissPass Plus
Station & services
Close active menu item Station & services.
Back
Station & services
Before your journey
Luggage and flight luggage
Travel insurance
Link opens in new window.
Change/currency exchange
Link opens in new window.
Airtrain
During your journey
Our trains
On-board service
SBB Restaurant
At the station
Our rail stations
Services at the station
Services from the ticket machine
Bike & car
Bike parking
Bike rental
Car parking
Car rental
On-demand ride service
Leisure & holidays
Close active menu item Leisure & holidays.
Back
Leisure & holidays
Top offers
Special offers
Trains & trips
Day trips
Rail travel & special trains
Night train
Interrail
Around your journey
Destinations
Train travel in Switzerland
Train travel in Europe
Activities
Events
Nature
Fun & games
Hiking, tobogganing and winter sports
City breaks & short trips
Zoos and animal
Wellness
Trains & boats
Inspiration
Solo travellers
Couples
Family
Groups
International guests
Help & contact
Close active menu item Help & contact.
Back
Help & contact
Travelcards, tickets, apps and services
Tickets for Switzerland/Europe
Travelcards
SwissPass
Timetable
SBB Mobile and other apps
Reservations
Luggage
My travelcards
My travelcards on the SwissPass
Change name / address
Store GA Travelcard
Cancel GA Travelcard
Cancel Half Fare Travelcard
Termination in the event of death
Fee for forgetting travelcard
My tickets
Overview of my ticket purchases
Invoices / receipts
EasyRide
Travel without a valid ticket
Refunds and compensation
Refunds and compensation
Lost and found office
Submitting a loss report
Submit an express search request
Check the status of a loss report
Questions and answers about SBB Lost and Found Service
Change language
Current language:
Deutsch
Français
Italiano
English
Information
The Gotthard base tunnel will remain closed to passenger trains. Trains will be diverted via the Panorama line until further notice. The travel time is extended by 60–120 minutes. The online timetable is currently adjusted until 23.08.2023. The seating and bicycle space capacities are limited.
Link opens in new window.
Close message
Privacy Policy SBB.
This Privacy Policy applies to the processing of personal data by SBB within the scope of the Swiss Data Protection Act and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union.
It gives you the most important information you need to know: What data we process, for what purpose we need the data, how we protect them, what added value you gain from the data processing, and how you can object to it. If further privacy policies are used - for example, for apps - these will be listed.
Privacy Policy at a glance.
General Data.
We process general personal data about you, such as your name and contact details.
Example: We send you a ticket that you have ordered online to your email address.
More information
Location Data.
We process your location data.
Example: Our app uses your current location for a route suggestion provided you have switched on this functionality on your smartphone.
More information
Provided Data.
We process personal data that you provide to us.
Example: You enter your email address when ordering tickets in our webshop.
More information
Collected Data.
We process personal data that we collect about you.
Example: We check the language setting of your browser when you visit our webshop.
More information
Received Data.
We process personal data about you that we receive from third parties.
Example: You buy a Half Fare Travelcard at the point of sale of your regional public transport company, which you also use when traveling with us.
More information
Marketing.
We use your personal data for marketing and advertising.
Example: We send you our newsletter to which you have subscribed.
More information
Product Development.
We use your personal data for the development and improvement of products and services.
Example: Based on an online survey, we identify the need for a new service/offer.
More information
Profiling.
We analyse your behaviour and make assumptions about your interests and preferences.
Example: Unless you choose to opt out, we analyse your ticket purchases to tailor offers in our newsletter to your needs.
More information
Data Transfers.
We transfer your personal data to other companies that decide themselves how to use the data.
Example: We hand over an unpaid invoice to a collection agency.
More information
Worldwide.
We also process your personal data outside of Switzerland and the EU.
Example: An IT expert in the U.S. supports us in the event of problems at night and accesses a data storage facility in Switzerland for this purpose.
More information
This video is provided by a third-party platform (www.youtube.com). To play the video, accept marketing cookies in the cookie settings then reload the page.
Go to the cookie settings
Load and play video.
Public transport companies treat your data in confidence.
Protecting your personality and privacy is a major concern for us as public transport companies. We guarantee to you that we will process your personal data in accordance with the applicable provisions of data protection law. By adhering to the following principles, public transport companies give a clear signal that your data will be handled confidentially.
Public transport companies
Link opens in new window.
You decide yourself how your personal data are to be processed.
Where permitted by law, you can at any time object to data processing, withdraw your consent or require that your data be erased. You always have the option of travelling anonymously without your personal data being recorded.
We offer you added value by processing your data.
Public transport companies use your personal data to offer you added value throughout the mobility chain (e.g. bespoke offers and information, support or compensation in the event of disruption). Your data are therefore used only in relation to the development, provision, optimisation and assessment of our services or for customer support purposes.
Your data are not sold.
Your data are only disclosed to selected third parties specified in this Privacy Policy and only for the purposes specifically indicated. If we commission third parties to carry out data processing, they will be required to comply with our data protection standards.
We guarantee the security of your data and ensure that they are protected.
Public transport companies undertake to handle customer data with care and to guarantee their security and protection. We ensure this by adopting the necessary technical and organisational precautions.
Your data – your rights.
You have the following rights with regard to your data. You can make use of them at any time.
Information about your stored personal data
Rectification, supplementation, blocking or erasure of your personal data (if due to legal storage obligations we can only erase your data at a later date, they will be blocked in the meantime)
Delete your customer account or have it deleted
Object to the use of your data for marketing purposes
Withdraw your consent for future data processing
Transmission of your data
You can send us your request for access to data or erasure of data via the web form.
Web form
Link opens in new window.
In addition, you have the right to put any questions or concerns you may have at any time to the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner.
Data protection advisors
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
Link opens in new window.
Responsibility for your data processing.
In order to guarantee direct transport - as we are legally obliged to - we cooperate with other transport companies, public transport associations and companies that sell public transport products. Data is exchanged and stored in shared databases. This ensures that you can travel seamlessly with different transport companies and in different fare networks with one ticket.
Together with these companies and networks, we assume responsibility for the processing of your data.
Legal framework conditions.
There are clear legal regulations for the use of personal data, to which we refer again and again in this Privacy Policy. They refer to the applicable law in Switzerland and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU-GDPR).
The applicable law requires us to retain certain data concerning you. At the request of law enforcement or other authorities, we are required to disclose some of this data.
Example:
When connecting to SBB WiFi, we must retain and, if necessary, disclose connection and identification data in accordance with the Swiss Federal Act on the Surveillance of Postal and Telecommunications Traffic (BÜPF) and the associated ordinance (VÜPF).
The Federal Act on Combating Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing (Money Laundering Act, AMLA) requires us to retain customer and transaction data for a specific period of time.
Your contact for questions concerning data protection.
If you have any questions regarding data protection, please contact our data protection advisors (this will be kept confidential).
SBB AG
Data Protection Office
Hilfikerstrasse 1
3000 Bern 65
datenschutz@sbb.ch
Link opens in new window.
This is how to reach our data protection representative in the EU
MLL Brussels SPRL
222, Av. Louise
1050 Bruxelles [Brussels]
Belgium
sbb@mll-gdpr.com
Link opens in new window.
Data processing – how you can benefit from it.
Our data processing brings you advantages and makes travelling easier for you. Here you can discover how you can benefit from it.
Easier to use services.
Book tickets, make reservations or buy a subscription - for this we need basic information from you.
E.g.:
Your name and email address so that you can be issued a ticket online.
Your date of birth for discounts to which you are entitled (senior citizens' or children's tickets).
Your licence plate, so that we can reserve a parking space for you.
More convenience.
Certain data make our websites and apps more efficient to use. This makes things more convenient, especially when you are on the move.
E.g.:
Session cookies remember your purchases, allowing you to pay for all items at once.
For correct screen display, we need to know which device you are using.
Route suggestions and route guidance are calculated from the GPS data of your current location - provided you have given your consent.
Services tailored to your requirements.
If we store your preferences, you will be able to access services more quickly and use additional features. That is, of course, only if you do not refuse.
E.g.:
We use cookies to maintain your language preference on the website and in apps.
We will send you "push notifications" to inform you of delays or diversions. So you can react faster.
Improved website, apps and offers.
We are committed to improving our website and apps to make them even easier for you to use. To do this, we test existing and new applications - your feedback is needed for internal statistics and is of great assistance to us.
E.g.:
Your responses to online customer satisfaction surveys help us improve our services.
By evaluating the click behaviour on websites and in apps, we can adapt the user interface to your needs.
Personalised support.
Support is important to us. Certain data can be used to send you information by telephone or email and to answer questions in live chat or forums.
Offers tailored to your interests.
Some data helps us to inform you about products and new services or to adapt advertisements on our websites to your interests. That is, of course, only if you do not refuse.
E.g.:
If we know your purchases such as single tickets or subscriptions, only relevant offers will land in your mailbox.
If you register with SBB Mobile, you will receive offers that match your travel habits.
The types of data we store and how they are used.
Data when purchasing services.
When purchasing services and products, such as subscriptions or tickets, we require personal data - depending on the product and purchase channel:
The gender, name and date of birth of the passenger or person buying the service or product
A personal photo
Contact details  (e-mail address, address, telephone number)
Customer number
Subscriptions
Payment method
Consent to the General Terms and Conditions
Product details:
The type of product or service being purchased
The price
The place, date and time of purchase
Purchase channel (online, mobile, ticket machine, counter, etc.)
Date of travel or period of validity and departure time
Starting point and destination
To ensure that we can always reach you by post, we check your address with Swiss Post and update it if necessary.
This data is stored in a central database and can be used for marketing and market research purposes.
Central database
For cross-border journeys, we will notify you by e-mail or SMS about your upcoming journey and any delays or cancellations. You can unsubscribe from these notifications.
For group journeys we need additional information about the group. We will notify you via SMS about your group reservation and any delays or cancellations. When you book a group journey, you can decide whether you want to receive these notifications.
When checking in baggage, the bag must be labelled with name, address and mobile phone number. For online orders, we also need your e-mail address. We need this information so that the baggage can be identified in the event of loss and so that we can contact you about delivery or collection.
As far as the EU-GDPR applies, our legitimate interest and the contractual performance requirement form the legal basis for this processing of personal data.
Data relating to usage of the SBB Shop.
The following information is recorded in connection with orders in the SBB Shop (for guest purchases or with SwissPass login):
Name, date of birth and e-mail address of the purchaser
Address (billing and delivery address)
Telephone number
Product ordered
Reference number
Order date
Method of payment
Shipping costs
This information is also stored if the order is cancelled.
The required personal data will be passed on to the respective suppliers for the purpose of contract performance and delivery.
Insofar as the EU-GDPR applies, our legitimate interest and the fact that it is required for the performance of a contract constitutes the legal basis for the processing of these personal data.
Data when making a payment.
Debit/credit cards.
When you pay by credit card, we forward your card details to your card issuer via our payment service provider (acquirer). This sending of data is solely for the purpose of authorization and transaction processing and takes place in encrypted form. If you decide to make a card payment, you will be asked to enter all mandatory information (payment card type, payment card number, CVC2/CVV2, expiry date, first name, last name). Under certain circumstances, it may be necessary to authenticate yourself as an authorised cardholder, e.g. using the 3DSecure procedure.
Wallet solutions (Twint, Apple Pay, PayPal).
With wallet payment solutions, your card details are securely stored in the wallet beforehand. If you choose to pay with a wallet solution, usually you do not have to enter any further payment card information. Only the data required for authorization and transaction processing are transferred via the wallet.
Monthly invoice.
If you choose the ‘Monthly Invoice’ option, you will need access to a Swiss or Liechtenstein mobile phone number to register. Name, date of birth, e-mail address, address, mobile phone number and IP address are forwarded to our partner Byjuno AG. Byjuno AG will handle the entire billing process and will perform an identity and credit check.
Details about data processing carried out by Byjuno AG can be found here
Link opens in new window.
Invoice in SBB Shop.
If you choose the ‘Invoice in SBB Shop’ option, your mobile phone number and date of birth will also be recorded. Name, date of birth, e-mail address, address, mobile phone number, IP address and device ID will be forwarded to our partner Byjuno AG. Byjuno AG will handle the entire billing process and will perform an identity and credit check.
Details about data processing carried out by Byjuno AG can be found here
Link opens in new window.
Lodge Cards (corporate credit cards).
When you pay by Lodge Card, we forward your credit card information to your credit card issuer and also to the credit card acquirer. If you choose to pay by credit card, you will be asked to enter all mandatory information (payment card type, payment card number, CVC2/CVV2 (based on option), expiration date, first name, last name). In addition, information on the purchased service, last name, first name and date of birth of the person purchasing or travelling and information on the credit card holder (company) are forwarded to the credit card issuer for billing purposes in accordance with the agreement with the credit card holder (company).
Insofar as the EU GDPR applies, the legal basis for the processing of personal data is the contractual performance requirement. With regard to processing of your payment method information by these third parties, please also read the relevant General Terms and Conditions and Data Protection Declaration of the payment method used.
Data when using our web pages.
You do not have to reveal any data to surf on our website pages. What happens automatically is that our servers record every access, store the following data for seven months and then automatically delete it again.
IP address of the computer requesting access
date and time of access
the website from which our website was accessed, including the search term where applicable
the name and URL of the file being requested
searches performed (timetable, products, etc.)
the computer’s operating system
the browser being used
device type of the mobile phone, if used
the transmission protocol being used
Good performance.
These data are used to ensure system security and stability, to facilitate error and performance analysis, and to help to optimise our range of products and services so they meet your wishes and needs.
Protection against hackers.
The IP address provides intelligence if there are attacks on the network infrastructure or other misuse or abuse. It may be used in criminal proceedings for identification purposes and for civil and criminal proceedings against the users concerned.
As far as the EU-GDPR applies, our legitimate interest forms the legal basis for this processing of personal data.
We cannot guarantee that non-SBB websites that are linked to our web pages comply with the relevant data protection regulations.
Data when using our apps.
We offer you a range of apps that support your mobility and make travelling easier. You can identify which data is processed in the privacy policy of the respective app.
These apps are available to you:
SBB Mobile
SBB Preview
P+Rail
SBB FreeSurf
SBB Inclusive
Data when using a SwissPass customer account.
Your SwissPass customer account allows you to use our websites and apps to their full extent. For this we need the following data from you:
Full name
Date of birth
Address (street, postcode, city and country)
Customer number (if you have a public transport subscription)
Email address and password (login data)
With your SwissPass login, you can access the online services of public transport companies and networks without having to additionally register. This is practical and makes many things easier for you.
Services purchased using the SwissPass login (in particular public transport tickets/subscriptions) are recorded in a central database (National Direct Service database, “NDS-database”).
Data exchange via Single Sign-On (SSO).
During authentication, login, customer and performance data are exchanged between the central login infrastructure of the Public Transport Network, the partner platform and ourselves. This applies to the name, date of birth, address, email address and performance data.
Use of partner services.
Whenever you register with a partner (e.g. Mobility, PubliBike, etc.) and whenever you purchase or use partner services, your card and customer data (card ID, customer number, title, form of address, surname, first name, address, date of birth, subscription information and photo) are transmitted to SwissPass partners for the purpose of processing transactions. Whenever any partner services are acquired, data concerning the service are stored by us. We inform SwissPass partners in the event of the loss, theft, misuse, forgery or replacement of your card.
In order to enable you to take advantage of discounted services, SwissPass partners are entitled to retrieve any subscription data that are directly required.
Insofar as the EU-GDPR applies, the legal basis for the processing of personal data is the contractual performance requirement.
Further information regarding this can be found in the Data Exchange within Direct Service section as well as in the
privacy policy at swisspass.ch
Link opens in new window.
.
Data exchange with Direct Service
Data when contacting us.
About the SBB Contact Centre.
Calls made when making contact by telephone are recorded for training and quality assurance purposes and are kept for 3 months, along with your telephone number and the time of the call. After 3 months, the recording is deleted. At the beginning of your call, you will be made aware that the conversation is to be recorded. To decline the recording of the conversation, please ask our employee to stop recording at the start of the conversation.
We store all e-mails we receive via the contact forms and these are linked to your customer account, to the extent that this is possible on the basis of the information provided.
If you contact us via the chat window, we save the entire text of the chat history, as well as your first name, surname and customer number, if you provide us with these. If it is possible to do so, we will link these details to your customer account. The text of the chat history may contain other personal data, if you mention such data in your chat with our staff. We also use the stored data to improve the chat function.
If you avail yourself of the video consultation service and contact us in this way, we will store the entire conversation (video and audio) as well as your first name, surname, e-mail address and telephone number. Video consultations may contain further personal data if you mention or show such data when communicating with our staff (screen sharing). We use the stored data for the further development of our services and as a safeguard against misuse. The data is deleted after 7 days.
After you have contacted the SBB Contact Center we may contact you by SMS or e-mail to perform a customer satisfaction survey. At any time, you can opt out of receiving the customer satisfaction survey.
As far as the EU-GDPR applies, our legitimate interest and the contractual performance requirement form the legal basis for this processing of personal data..
About forums and chats.
You can participate in forums and chats on SBB.ch and other SBB websites. Please remember that any information you disclose online will be made public.
About SBB Customer Say.
Your voice counts: By participating in SBB Customer Say, you can have a say in the development of new processes and products. The aim is to design products and services according to customer needs. Certain data is required from you for this.
You can find out which data is processed at
kundenstimme.sbb.ch
Link opens in new window.
.
Data for e-mails after an online purchase or advice at the counter.
After you purchase a ticket (national or international), order a travelcard (e.g. Half Fare Travelcard, GA Travelcard, Night GA Travelcard etc.), apply for a refund or compensation, request an offer at the counter etc. you will receive a confirmation e-mail. This is required by law so that you have proof. The associated data will not be passed on and will be deleted according to the legal deadlines.
Data when using SBB WiFi.
Using SBB WiFi is easy: Register and surf away. Your access is valid for 12 months.
If you register, your mobile phone number or customer number, the MAC address of your device, and data regarding the station area visited will be recorded, along with the time, date and device.
Our statutory obligations.
As a telecommunications service provider, we are registered with the Federal Office of Communications and must therefore comply with the statutory obligations of the Federal Act of 18 March 2016 on the Surveillance of Postal and Telecommunications Traffic and its associated ordinance.
For us, this means.
Provided the legal conditions are met, we are required, on behalf of the competent authority, to monitor, either directly or through a third party, the use of the Internet and data traffic between the customer and the Internet. Furthermore, we may be required to disclose the customer’s contact, usage and peripheral data to the authorised administrative bodies.
For your data, this means.
The usage data and peripheral data generated when establishing and ending electronic connections will be stored in personally identifiable form for six months. After that the usage data will be anonymised and the peripheral data will be destroyed.
From the time participation in the WiFi service is cancelled or 12 months after registration, the contact data will be stored for another six months and then destroyed.
Data when using a car sharing service.
If you reserve a car from a car sharing provider through us, we will carry out an electronic driver's licence check when you register for the first time. For this purpose, you provide us with a photo of your driver's licence and a selfie. We store the following data from your driving licence with us: Identification number, first name, last name, date of birth, date of issue, expiry date if available, country of issue, driving categories.
If you give consent, your customer data will be forwarded to the car sharing provider to create an account. To ensure that the reservation, usage and billing processes can be carried out, the car sharing provider stores the following data:
card ID
client numbers
title,
surname, first name
address
date of birth
telephone numbers
e-mail address
driver's licence details
correspondence
language
date of last data change
IP address of the client
role of the user
newsletter subscribed to
Data for advertising and marketing.
We use your customer data for advertising and marketing purposes. You can exercise your right of revocation at any time or control in your profile which “Information and offers” you would like to receive.
See the section on Managing and Refusing Advertising
As far as the EU-GDPR applies, our legitimate interest forms the legal basis for this processing of personal data.
Data for our marketing activities.
We use the data we receive from you - by e-mail, letter, SMS or personally at the counter - to make you offers that correspond to your buying behaviour. Provided we know your age, we will only send marketing material to you by email or letter if you are at least 16 years old.
The following data can be used for this purpose:
Name
Gender
Date of birth
Address
Customer number
E-mail address
Information about subscriptions or single tickets
Clicking behaviour on our websites or in e-mails that we have sent you
Click-through rate on displays / banners with SBB advertising
Information concerning interests, affinities and user behaviour
Data for our e-mail newsletters.
We use third-party e-mail marketing services that use tracking tools when sending e-mails. We collect the data for statistical purposes and subsequent dispatch as well as to optimise the content of our messages.
The following data is used:
Information about the address file used
Subject and number of newsletters sent
Addresses to which the newsletter has not yet been sent
Addresses to which the newsletter has been sent
Addresses with failed dispatch
Opening rate
Addresses that have opened the newsletter
Addresses that have unsubscribed from the newsletter distribution list
Clicking behaviour
Data for advertisements on our websites and apps.
We use the Google ad server service (Google Ad Manager) for advertisements on our websites and in our apps. Ad servers are automated ad management systems that are used to store, deliver and measure the success of Internet advertisements. These allow you to see only those ads that interest you.
The ad server uses the following information when you visit our websites and apps:
Profile data (age, place of residence and gender)
Contextual travel information (place, time, date and day of departure, destination, arrival time, date and day, class of travel, article number, zone and subscription type)
Website accessed, including search performed, if applicable
Rough GPS coordinates
User ID (Unique User ID), advertising ID (Ad ID), IP address
Information on the browser and operating system
Device manufacturer and model
On the basis of this information, for each request, the ad server checks whether a suitable campaign is running and then delivers specific, non-specific or no advertising at all at random and depending on capacity.
If you have a Google account and have agreed to personalised ads, the ad server may also take account of your Google account settings when displaying the ads. We do not obtain any access to the data used.
You can find out here how to disable personalised advertising on Google
Your data are never disclosed to the advertiser and are not stored for further use, but are used exclusively for the one-time display of advertising. We do not create profiles that identify any specific individuals or process names, telephone numbers, addresses or e-mail addresses in connection with advertising.
Data for website optimisation purposes.
On SBB.ch, Adobe Target is used for website optimisation and the display of personalised content.
The following data will be processed:
Anonymised IP address
Tracking data on how you use the site, such as your preferred topics
You can request that your data will not be processed by Adobe Target.
Request that your data will not be processed by Adobe Target
Link opens in new window.
Data for market research purposes.
To improve the quality of our services and offerings, we conduct market research. This may mean that we use your contact details for customer surveys (e.g. online surveys). If you do not wish to participate in such surveys, you can control in your profile which “Information and offers” you would like to receive.
See the section on Managing and Refusing Advertising
Management and deregistration of services.
You can reject offers and information from us or public transport companies at any time.
One click is all you need: Unsubscribe link for e-mails
Manage which information and offers you would like to receive on SBB.ch in your profile under “Notifications”.
Manage your settings under “Offers & Advertising” when you log in to SBB Mobile
Register or deregister at any counter or by calling the SBB Contact Centre (0848 44 66 88 / CHF 0.08/min.)
Configure
cookies
in cookie settings.
The use of the device-specific advertising ID, which is used for interest-based advertising, can be blocked on your smart phone as follows:
Android: Open “Settings”, tap on the menu item “Privacy” and within the sub-menu “Ads” select “Opt out of Ads Personalization”.
iOS: Open “Settings”, tap on the menu item “Privacy” and within the sub-menu “Advertising” select “Limit ad tracking”.
In order to disable Google's personalised advertising, please consult the following link:
policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Link opens in new window.
You also have the right to object to the analysis of your click behaviour.
If you have any questions, please contact our data protection advisors
Disclosure of your data to third parties.
Your data will not be sold by us to third parties.
Your personal data will only be passed on to selected service providers - and only to the extent necessary to provide the service.
These include:
IT support service providers
Issuers of subscription tickets
Shipping service providers (e.g. Swiss Post)
Service providers charged with allocating traffic revenues to the transport companies involved (in particular in the course of drawing up so-called distribution keys within the meaning of the Federal Passenger Transport Act of 20 March 2009 (Personenbeförderungsgesetz, PBG))
Our Hosting Provider
We may be legally required to pass on such information or it may be necessary to pass it on in order to safeguard our rights.
External service providers who process data on our behalf are contractually obliged to comply with the relevant data protection regulations and are not considered third parties under data protection law.
As far as the EU-GDPR applies, our legitimate interest and legal requirements form the legal basis for this processing of personal data.
On our website we use various services provided by Google (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland). Google already stores information (e.g. your IP address) concerning your use of the website whenever you access any website into which Google services have been integrated. This may also result in the transfer of data to the servers of Google LLC. in the USA. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish any such data to be associated with your Google profile, you must first sign out of your Google account. Google stores your data (including those relating to users who are not logged in) as user profiles and evaluates them. Collection, storage and evaluation occur on the basis of Google’s legitimate interest in the incorporation of personalised advertising, market research and/or the design of Google websites in order to meet with user requirements. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles, and must contact Google in order to exercise this right.
Data processing by National Direct Service companies.
To ensure that your journey runs smoothly, the following data is transferred within National Direct Service, an association of more than 240 public transport companies, as well as to regional networks:
Personal identification and contact details
Identity verification (SwissPass login)
Travel and purchase data
These are required for the following:
To get you from A to B
Ticket inspection
After-sales service
Revenue distribution
Joint marketing (to a limited extent)
Single Sign-On (SSO)
Analysis of the data helps us to further develop and advertise public transport services according to your needs.
On behalf of National Direct Service, we carry out the marketing mandate for the services of National Direct Service (e.g. GA and Half Fare Travelcard). We may contact you regularly in this role. Contact is always made by us. Only in exceptional cases and under strict conditions may another participating transport company or network get in touch with you.
List of transport companies and regional networks
Link opens in new window.
Data transfer within National Direct Service.
As public transport companies, we are obliged by law to provide transport services alongside other transport companies and public transport networks (NDS – National Direct Service). To make this possible for you, data collected from contact with you or from services you have purchased is passed on within NDS.
Data transfer abroad.
If you book a cross-border journey, your data will be transferred to foreign public transport providers so that descriptions of available services can be provided, to allow checking of and prevent misuse of tickets, and to notify you in the event of a delay or cancellation.
We are entitled to transfer your personal data to contract data processors in or outside the EU. If we do this, these companies are obliged to comply with data protection to the same extent as we are.
Data storage.
Shared database of National Direct Service (NDS).
Data that is passed on within NDS is stored in a central database (NDS-database). This is supervised by us as we are mandated by NDS – we are jointly responsible with the NDS companies and networks.
It is our goal as transport companies and public transport networks to offer you efficient services; data regarding selling of personalised services are therefore stored in a joint database (NDS-database).
For example: Single Sign-On (SSO), a login for all services of your SwissPass account.
Access is regulated.
Access to the joint databases by the individual transport companies and networks of NDS is regulated by a joint agreement and is limited to contract processing, ticket inspection, after-sales service and revenue distribution.
Advantages of Single Sign-On.
So that we can get you from A to B efficiently, the login, ticket, customer and performance data are merged. Single Sign-On (SSO) enables you to use all the services of the SwissPass account with a single login.
Data protection.
We protect your personal data stored with us against manipulation, loss or unauthorised third-party access. In order to ensure continuous protection, we are constantly developing our security measures. Our data protection advisors will be pleased to provide you with additional information concerning this. More information at Your contact for questions concerning data protection.
Your contact for questions on data protection
The transmission of data over the internet and via other electronic means always entails risks. Despite taking appropriate precautions, we cannot therefore guarantee the security of any information transmitted over the Internet.
Cookies.
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit our websites or use apps. Some cookies are necessary for the website or app to function, while others extend the range of functions and improve user comfort for you. You can adjust the cookie settings here at any time. If you accept certain cookies, you also consent to the transfer of your data to third countries. These third countries may not have a level of data protection comparable to Switzerland. There may be a risk, for example, of your data being collected and processed by local authorities and that your rights as a data subject cannot be enforced.
Together with tracking tools, cookies can analyse the usage behaviour when online offers are made.
You can find out more about this on the Tracking Tools and Cookies page
We use cookies in order to
ensure you do not have to re-enter your information and data every time.
ensure you can stay logged in and no information will be lost.
remember your personal settings and preferences.
ensure you receive content that is as relevant as possible.
Amendments to this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to amend or supplement this Privacy Policy at any time at our discretion. Please consult this Privacy Policy regularly.
Further content
More on the topic.
Privacy icons
Link opens in new window.
Tracking Tools, Social Plugins and Third Party Cookies
Other actions on this page
Replacements for Internet Explorer 11.
Microsoft is gradually discontinuing its support for Internet Explorer 11 (
more info on microsoft.com
Link opens in new window.
). If you continue to use Internet Explorer to access SBB.ch, you may experience functional limitations and display problems in the future. For this reason, we recommend using a more modern browser (e.g.
Mozilla Firefox
Link opens in new window.
,
Google Chrome
Link opens in new window.
,
Microsoft Edge
Link opens in new window.
).
We are aware that switching to a new browser may take some getting used to and cause some uncertainties. A more modern browser will allow you to benefit from faster and more secure internet access in future. We are committed to continuing our work with the utmost enthusiasm in the future to guarantee you accessible and inclusive access to SBB.ch.
Footer
Help & Contact
Help & Contact
Do you have questions, need help or want to get in contact with us?
We’re here to help you.
Go to the help & contact area
Rail traffic information
Rail traffic information
Find the latest information on the current service situation, information, disruptions as well as planned construction work on the Swiss rail network and on strikes and on important disruptions and strikes abroad.
Live information
Newsletter & Social Media
Newsletter & Social Media
Our newsletter regularly informs you of attractive offers from SBB via e-mail.
Subscribe to the newsletters
Display the SBB Facebook page.
Link opens in new window.
Display the SBB Twitter account.
Link opens in new window.
Display the SBB YouTube channel.
Link opens in new window.
Display the SBB Instagram account.
Link opens in new window.
SBB Community
Link opens in new window.
SBB Social Media
Company
Company
Group
Link opens in new window.
Business customers
Link opens in new window.
Real estate
Link opens in new window.
Jobs & careers
Link opens in new window.
Media
Link opens in new window.
SBB clock.
Fade in SBB clock.
Fade out SBB clock.
Timeless SBB design.
Would you also like to get your hands on an official Swiss station clock by Mondaine? Whether you’d like it as a watch, wall clock, pocket watch or alarm clock, order the model you want online now.
Link opens in new window.
Take a look and order
Link opens in new window.
Disclaimer
Imprint
Cookie settings
Legal information
Data protection
Accessibility
In collaboration with
Go to SwissPass home page
Link opens in new window.