Chatsi: Políticas de Privacidad
Chatsi
EN
Spanish
English
Home
Community
Download
Help
TOS
Contact
Terms and Conditions
BY USING THIS SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PRIVACY POLICIES SET FORTH HEREIN.
IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO AGREE TO ANY OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE OUR SERVICE.
1. Acceptance
You acknowledge and agree that you are over 18 years old, fully capable and competent to understand,
accept and comply with the conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties set forth in these Terms and Conditions.
You acknowledge and agree that
Chatsi ©
is not responsible for any damages, claims or 
any other liability arising from the content of the information disseminated by users on our service.
2. Access
Chatsi ©
grants you permission to use the service, provided that:
(A) The use of our applications is permitted only for your personal use, and you are not allowed to resell or charge others for
the use or access to the
Chatsi ©
service.
(B) You must not duplicate, transfer, give access to, copy or distribute any part of our applications without the written authorization from
Chatsi ©
.
(C) You must not use reverse engineering techniques to alter or modify any part of the
Chatsi ©
applications.
(D) You acknowledge and agree that in order to access and establish a secure connection between your device and our service,
you will have to share with
Chatsi ©
the information of your internet connection, IP address, and device characteristics.
Chatsi ©
reserves the right of admission to all users who use our service.
3. Content Regulation
User-generated content is the content that is contributed by a user and that at least one group of other users can see or access it.
We have created behaviour standards which define and Prohibited content that is considered inappropriate.
(A) We do not allow any type of content related to minors, nor the search or exhibition of them.
(B) We do not allow any type of sexual content, or content that suggests eroticism, nudity or sexuality.
(C) We do not allow any type of content that includes offensive, threatening, sexual, weapons or drug topics,
or any other issue that may directly or indirectly affect a third party.
(D) We do not allow any type of content that promotes or incites hatred, violence, humiliation, harassment or other characteristics associated
to discrimination.
(E) We do not allow any type of content that facilitates or promotes illegal activities.
(F) We do not allow any type of content that includes requests related to money, commercial operations, or
including any economic profit.
(G) We do not allow any type of content that is intended to impersonate a third party.
4. Warranty and Responsibility
You agree that the use of our service will be at your own consent and that
Chatsi ©
does not provide any guarantee,
nor assumes responsibility for:
(A) Any errors or omissions, loss or damage of any type of content published through our service.
(B) Any product, advertising or service offered by third parties through our service.
(C) Any business transaction or arrangement between you and a third party through our service.
(D) Any type of information that you provide to a third party or that a third party provides to you through our service.
(E) Any type of information published through our service that is harmful or offensive to you.
5. Compensation
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold
Chatsi ©
harmless from any claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities,
costs or debt, expenses (including, but not limited to attorneys fees) arising from:
(A) The use and access to the
Chatsi ©
service
(B) Violation of any term of these Terms and Conditions of Service.
(C) Violation of any third party right, including right of privacy.
(D) Any message sent by you that caused damage to a third party.
This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms and Conditions of Service.
6. Intellectual Property
The design of the applications, together with the created text, graphics, source code, and logos, are the property of
Chatsi ©
,
subject to intellectual property rights, foreign laws and international conventions.
7. User Data
(A) We use basic information from your device for the proper functioning of the application.
(B) We do NOT collect names, phone numbers, personal information, or any other information
that is not stated in these Terms and Conditions.
(C) We do NOT collect or share user data with third parties.
Users from the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom
In order to comply with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (RGPD),
that applies in the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom, we request the consent of the user to:
(A) For advertising purposes, to identify your device and use local storage when legally required.
(B) For advertising purposes, collect, share and use data with ad providers.
Said consent can be revoked at any time.
At
this link
you can learn how Google uses information from apps that contain ads.
Click on this link to revoke your consent
.
8. Updates to this document.
Your continued use of our service will signify your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and any future amendments or
modification in them.
Date of the last update: July 03, 2023.
Chatsi
Community
Help
TOS
Contact
Copyright © 2009 - 2023 Chatsi, Inc.