Mashi
MASHI
Privacy Policy
Updated on 8th Sept. 2020
Effective from 15th Sept. 2020
As the operator of Mashi,
Mashi Internet Technology Limited
knows the importance of your personal information. We will protect your personal information and privacy in accordance with regulations and laws. To explain how Mashi collects, uses, and stores your personal information and what rights you have, we have formulated this privacy policy with special reminders: we hope you can read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using Mashi and its related services so that you can make appropriate choices. This policy is an integral part of the
Mashi User Service Agreement
. Please be sure to read the
"Mashi User Service Agreement"
at the same time.
We will collect and use your information in accordance with this privacy policy. Still, we will not collect your personal information in a mandatory way as you have agreed to this privacy policy. When you enable related functions or use services, we will collect and use your relevant information to realize these functions and services. You can refuse to provide any personal information without affecting any function or service. However, the information will still be collected to achieve essential business functions or needed in accordance with the requirements of regulations and laws.
The following will help you understand in detail how we collect, use, store, share, transfer and protect your personal information, and help you understand how to demand, access, delete, correct, and withdraw your authorized personal information.
Among them, the critical clauses related to your personal information's rights and interests have been emphasized in bold. Please pay special attention to them.
1.How do we collect and use your personal information
2.How do we use Cookie and similar technology
3.How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
4.How do we store your personal information
5.How do we protect the security of your personal information
6.How do we manage your personal information
7.Minor protection clause
8.Revision of the privacy policy and its notification
9.Contact us
1.How do we collect and use your personal information
The address book, precise geographic location, camera, microphone, and album permissions will not be turned on by default, and will only be used for specific functions or services with your explicit authorization. You can also withdraw your approval.
We need to point out in particular that even if we obtain these sensitive permissions with your approval, we will not collect your information when it is not needed for the relevant functions or services.
We will collect information that you proactively provide when you use the service in the following ways and automatically collect information generated during your use.
1.1.Registration and login
1.1.1 When you register, log in to Mashi and use related services, you can create an account with your mobile phone number and complete the relevant identification information (password, avatar, name). This information will be collected to help you complete your registration. You can also choose to fill in your gender, birthday, region, and personal introduction to complete your information according to your own needs. Filling in the above information will help you make friends.
1.1.2 You can also use a third-party account (such as Facebook, Google) to log in and use Mashi. You will authorize us to obtain your public information (avatar, name, gender, birthday, region, and other information authorized by you) on the third-party platform. And your third-party account will be used to bind with your Mashi account so that you can log in to your account and use this product and its relevant services. It will also help us provide you with the dating service and more personalized services and content. The above information we mentioned is sensitive. You can turn off the relevant function at any time and clear the above information.
1.2 Release and interaction
1.2.1 Information release
a. When you post voice, picture, text and other content or make comments, we will information, because collecting this information is necessary to realize the Mashi function. After we process it in real time, we will return the processing result to you without saving your data.
b. When you use the function of publishing voice, pic, text, etc., we will ask you to authorize camera, photo, microphone permissions. If you refuse to provide authorization, you will not be able to use this function, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of Mashi.
1.2.2 Interactive communication
a. When you follow an account, browse, comment, follow (favourite), like (like) or share, we will collect the account you follow and the above information, and display the content posted by the account.
b. You can follow or unfollow users in Mashi. To help you achieve this function, we will create a following list and a fan list. Following list and fan list are necessary information for establishing and managing user's friend relationship.
1.2.3 Message notification
You understand and agree that when you use your mobile phone number to create an account or log in to a mashi account, we may send you message notifications for the mobile phone number you provide for identity verification.
1.3 Device information and log information
1.3.1 In order to ensure the safe operation of software and services, we will collect your hardware model, operating system version number, international mobile device identification code, unique device identifier, network device hardware address, IP address, WLAN access point, Bluetooth , Base station, software version number, network access mode, type, status, network quality data, operation, usage, service log.
1.3.2 In order to prevent malicious programs and necessary for safe operation, we will collect installed application information or running process information, the overall operation of the application, usage and frequency, application crashes, overall installation usage, performance data, Application source.
1.3.3 We may use your account information, device information, service log information and information that our affiliates and partners can share with your authorization or legally to determine account security, perform identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents .
1.4 Transaction Information
In order to provide you with recharge services, we will collect the bank information and other related information you provide, and we promise to keep this information strictly confidential.
1.5 Changes to the purpose of collecting and using personal information
Please understand that as our business develops, Mashi's functions and services may be adjusted and changed. In principle, when a new function or service is related to the function or service we currently provide, the personal information collected and used will be directly or reasonably related to the original processing purpose. In scenarios that are not directly or reasonably related to the original processing purpose, we will collect and use your personal information, and we will notify you again and obtain your consent.
1.6 The collection and use of personal information exempted from permission according to law
Please understand that in the following circumstances, in accordance with laws, regulations and relevant national standards, we do not need your authorization to collect and use your personal information:
1.6.1 Directly related to national security and national defense security;
1.6.2 Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
1.6.3 Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
1.6.4 In order to protect the life, property and other major legal rights of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person;
1.6.5 Your personal information collected is disclosed to the public by yourself;
1.6.6 Collect your personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
1.6.7 Necessary for signing or performing a contract according to your requirements;
1.6.8 Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of software and related services, such as discovering and handling software and related service failures;
1.6.9 Necessary for legal news reports;
1.6.10 When it is necessary for academic research institutions to conduct statistical or academic research based on the public interest, and when they provide academic research or description results to the outside, they de-identify the personal information contained in the results;
1.6.11 Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
You are particularly reminded that if the information cannot identify your personal identity alone or in combination with other information, it is not your personal information in the legal sense; when your information can identify your personal identity alone or in combination with other information, or When combining data that cannot be associated with any specific personal information with other personal information of you, this information will be treated and protected as your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy during the combined use.
2. How do we use similar technologies such as cookies
Similar technologies such as cookies and device information identification are commonly used technologies on the Internet. When you use Mashi and related services, we may use related technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device to collect and identify information when you visit and use this product. We promise that we will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this privacy policy. We use cookies and similar technologies to achieve the following functions or services:
2.1 Ensure the safe and efficient operation of products and services
We may set cookies or anonymous identifiers for certification and security, so that we can confirm whether you log in to the service safely, or whether you have encountered theft, fraud, or other illegal acts. These technologies will also help us improve the efficiency of our services and increase the speed of login and response.
2.2 Help you get a more relaxing access experience
Using this type of technology can help you avoid repeating the steps and processes of filling in your personal information and entering search content (example: record search).
2.3 Recommend interesting content or accounts for you
We may use such technologies to understand your preferences and usage habits and conduct data analysis to improve products and services and recommend information or functions that users are interested in.
2.4 Most browsers provide users with the function of clearing browser cache data. You can perform corresponding data clearing operations in the browser settings function. If you clear, you may not be able to use the services or corresponding functions provided by us that rely on cookies.
3. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose personal information
3.1 Sharing
3.1.1 Sharing principle
a. Authorization and permission principle:
your permission, we will not share your personal information, unless the shared personal information is de-identified information, and the shared third party cannot re-identify the natural person subject of such information. If the third party's purpose of using the information exceeds the scope of the original authorization, they need to obtain your permission again.
b. The principle of legality and minimum necessity:
The shared data must have a legitimate and legitimate purpose, and the shared data is limited to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose.
c. The principle of security prudence:
We will carefully evaluate the purpose of third parties using shared information, conduct a comprehensive assessment of the security capabilities of these partners, and require them to abide by the cooperation legal agreement. We will conduct strict security monitoring on the software tool development kit (SDK) and application program interface (API) used by the partners to obtain information to protect data security.
3.1.2 Shared infomation of the function or service
a. When you use the functions provided by our affiliates and third parties in Mashi, or when software service providers, smart device providers, and system service providers jointly provide you with services, we will realize the business The necessary information is shared with these related parties and third parties for comprehensive statistics and algorithmic analysis of characteristics and preferences to recommend, display or push information that may be of interest to you.
3.2 Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any other third parties unless we have your explicit permission.
3.3 Personal information that is exempted from consent to share, transfer, and publicly disclose
Please understand that in the following situations, in accordance with laws, regulations and national standards, we do not need your authorization to share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information:
a. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
b. It is directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
c. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
d. In order to protect your or other individuals' life, property and other major legal rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain their consent;
e. Your personal information disclosed to the public on your own;
f. Collect personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other cha
4. How do we store personal information
We only collect your personal information during the period necessary for the purpose of providing Mashi services. The information you post, comments, likes (likes) and related information will be collected during the period when you have not withdrawn, deleted or cancelled your account. Retain relevant information. After the necessary storage period is exceeded or when you cancel your account, we will delete or anonymize your personal information, except special cases mentioned by laws and regulations.
5. How do we protect the security of personal information
5.1 We do care the security of your personal information, and will strive to take reasonable security measures (including technical and management aspects) to protect your personal information, and prevent the personal information you provide from being used improperly or unauthorised. Access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, loss or leakage.
5.2 We will establish a special security department and security management system to ensure the safety of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel can access your personal information, and to review data and technology in a timely manner.
5.3 Although the above reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious methods that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if you do your best to strengthen security measures , It is impossible to always guarantee the 100% security of the information. We will try our best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide to us.
5.4 We strongly recommend that you take active measures to protect the security of personal information, including but not limited to using complex passwords, regularly changing passwords, and not disclosing your account password and related personal information to others.
5.5 Once you leave Mashi and related services, browse or use other websites, services and content resources, we will not have the ability and direct obligation to protect any personal information you submit in software and websites other than Mashi and related services, regardless of your login, Whether browsing or using the above software and website is based on Mashi's link or guidance.
6. Manage your personal information
6.1 We do care the management of your personal information, and do our best to protect your personal information inquiries, access, modification, deletion, withdrawal of consent and authorization, account cancellation, complaints and reports, and related rights to set up privacy functions, so that you have ability to protect your privacy and information security.
6.2 You can access, delete, and correct your personal information (avatar, nickname, gender, birthday, personal introduction, region, etc.) in Mashi's personal homepage. You can change the scope of your personal information authorization or withdraw your authorization in the operating system of the device itself. After the authorization is withdrawn, we will no longer collect relevant information.
6.3 Change or withdrawal of authorized information processing
Specific business functions and services will require your information to be completed. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with the functions and services corresponding to the withdrawal of your consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect our previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.
6.4 Cancel account
You can cancel your account in [Me]-[Settings]. You know and understand that the act of canceling your account is irreversible. When you cancel your account, we will delete relevant information about you or anonymize it, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
6.5 Complaints and reports
You can make a complaint or report in accordance with our publicized system. If you think that your personal information rights may be infringed, or you find clues that infringe your personal information rights, you can report to us on [Me]-[Feedback] or other related settings pages, and we will feedback your complaints and reports after verification .
6.6 Access to privacy policy
You can view the entire content of this privacy policy on the registration page, or log in to your personal account [Me]-[Settings]-[About Us]-[Privacy Policy].
7. Minor protection clause
7.1 If you are a minor under the age of 18, before using Mashi and related services, you should read and agree to this privacy policy under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians.
7.2 We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and will only collect, use, share or disclose the personal information of minors when permitted by law, parents or other guardians have expressly agreed to, or are necessary to protect minors information. If we find that we have collected personal information of minors without the prior approval of verifiable parents or other guardians, we will try to delete the relevant information as soon as possible.
8. Revision and notification of privacy policy
8.1 In order to provide you with better services, Mashi and related services will be updated and changed from time to time. We will revise this privacy policy in due course. These amendments form part of this privacy policy and have the same effect as this privacy policy. Explicitly agree that we will not reduce your rights according to the currently effective privacy policy.
8.2 After this privacy policy is updated, we will issue an updated version in Mashi or remind you of the updated content through other appropriate means so that you can keep abreast of the latest version of this privacy policy.
9. Contact us
If you have complaints, suggestions, or questions about personal information protection, you can send the problem to our contact email (Mashi.chat@gmail.com), we will review the problem as soon as possible, and will reply you within fifteen working days after verifying your user identity.
Mashi Internet Technology Limited