Privacy Policy
Fitdays("Fitdays," "we,""us," or "our")respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy governs how we handle the personaldata ("personal information," "your data," "yourinformation," or information "from" or "about" you)that we collect online (e.g., through our website)and offline (e.g., throughcustomer support channels) (collectively, the "Services"). Itexplains the types of personal data we collect and process, how we may use andshare that data, and the choices that are available to you with respect to ourhandling of your data.
By accessing the Services on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, or otherdevice, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. I you do not agree tothe Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services.
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and will post the currentversion on this website with the date it was last revised. If we make anymaterial changes, we will provide you with additional notice. We encourage youto periodically review our Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we areusing the data we collect. You will be deemed to have accepted the changes inany revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Services after the datesuch revised Privacy Policy is posted.
1. How to collect data?
● The information you provide us. In the process of using this product,according to the principle of BIA bioelectrical resistance measurement, throughthe collection of the body parameters, body fat rate/muscle volume/metabolismand other measurement parameters will be obtained through complex formulas,user’s height/gender/age/weight will be calculated as one of the physicalparameters. Therefore, when you registered the App account, the birthday,height, gender and other body related data you submitted will be applied to thecalculation of body fat rate/muscle volume/metabolic rate, etc. We ensure thatit will not be used for other purposes and always assure that the informationrequired is minimized.
● We obtain your information when you use the services. Your email addresswill be used as the login account name. If you have any enquiries in theprocess of use, you can put forward in the App feedback. We will send theanswer to your mailbox, and therefore, you will get technical support servicefrom us through your mailbox. We will ensure that your email address will notbe used for other purposes or shared to third parties.
● For some Android mobile phones (especially Android 6.0+ mobile phones),if App needs to use Bluetooth function, user will be asked to turn on the Applocation service, because the Bluetooth function switch of those mobile phonesis associated with the location service.In order to provide users with smootherand faster experience, we require Android mobile phones to open the locationservice for the App. We will ensure your location service is not used for otherpurposes.
2. Use of Personal Information
We collect information to provide better services to all users, and theinformation collected is used to provide, maintain, protect and improve ourservices. The personal information will be used mainly for the followingpurposes:
(1) Complete your request for a particular service or product.
(2) Provide you with the APP software or particular service, product orinformation of the third parties (such as the partner of this App software) viaemail, you may also unsubscribe if you wish to stop receiving emails from us.
(3) To produce statistics of users data for this application (such asnumber of users, composition, interest, performance, etc.) to provide betterservices and products to the users, or disclose such statistics to the thirdparties for a certain legal purpose. This kind of statistics is the wholeinformation of the user group rather than individual information.
3. The Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information
This App software will enjoy your personal information. Your personalinformation will not be provided to unrelated third parties without yourpermission.
In the following circumstances, we will provide your personal informationto the relevant third parties:
(1) Some services of this application should be provided or jointlyprovided by a partner (such as a company that provides technical services, atransportation company, a mailing company, a company that offers prizes, etc.)In order to provide you with such services, it’s necessary for this applicationto share your personal information with the partners. If you do not want yourinformation to be shared to third parties, you may refuse to use the specificservice, thus refuse your personal information to be disclosed.
(2) In accordance with the laws and regulations or the mandatoryprovisions of the government, we must provide your personal information to therelevant judicial or government departments.
(3) In order to prevent the legitimate rights and interests of others orsocial and public interests are seriously endangered.
(4) In order to prevent your legitimate rights and interests from seriousharm.
(5) We find that your actions are in violation of the terms of service ofthis App or any user guide of a particular service or product, or posing amajor hazard to the legitimate rights and interests of the App software.
4. User Rights
You can query, supplement or correct or ask to delete your personalinformation in this application account at any time by using the registereduser name and password of your application. Your account in this applicationcan be deleted, but this will prevent you from being able to log in to the Appor use any other services of the App.
5. Information Security
Your account information and files are protected by password, please keepyour username and password information safe. This App will ensure yourinformation is not lost, abused and fabricated through user password encryptionand other security measures. Only you personally have the right to access yourpersonal information. We recommend not to disclose your password to anyoneelse. We will not take the initiative of calling or emailing you to ask yourpassword. No absolute security can be ensured for any data transmission throughinternet or wireless networks. So while we do our best to protect your personalinformation, we cannot guarantee the security of information you transmit to usor the security of information of online products or services we send online.You shall take risks by yourself when you make the said action. As soon as wereceive the information you send to us, we will do our utmost to ensure thesecurity of our system.
6. Disclaimer
We do not have to bear any responsibility in the following circumstances:
(1) Any disclosure of personal information made in accordance with thelaws, regulations or mandatory provisions of the government.
(2) The disclosure of any personal information resulting from the factthat you shared your user password or a registered account with others.
(3) The personal information being disclosed, lost, stolen or tampered byany force majeure caused by hacker attack, computer virus invasion or attack,temporary closure caused by government control and others that affect thenormal operation of the network.
7. HealthKit
(1) App will share the weight data (weight/body fat/bmi/lean body mass)after each weighing to Apple's health center.
(2) Due to the importance of the privacy of your health data, app willprompt you to authorize the sharing of the Apple Health Center after the firsttime you enter the Homepage.If you want to modify the authorization later, Youcan view the HealthKit setup instructions in the app system settings Screen.
(3) App will not share weight data to Apple's Health Center in theexperience mode and guest Mode.
8. Facebook
(1)We use the public profile information returned by facebook as the app logincredentials through user click authorization.
(2)The app also provides a way to delete accounts created by the user usingfacebook authorization. The user has the right to delete the account createdand the data in the account. You can delete your account in "Account  management".
You can follow the steps in the link below
to delete your account:
click here
9.Amendments and Interpretations of this Privacy Statement
This privacy statement maybe amended at irregular intervals. We willnotify you by sending you email or system message before the amendment comesinto effect. In this case, if you continue to use our service, it is deemedthat you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. The right of revisionand final interpretation of the privacy statement shall be owned by GuangdongICOMON Technology Co.,Ltd.
This App privacy policy was updated on May 20, 2022