Privacy | Snaptee - T-shirt design is easy, get Snaptee from AppStore and Google Play!
Don't worry. We're counting
your money carefully.
Home
Shop
App
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Download Snaptee for free!
Home
Shop
App
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Privacy Policy
YOUR PRIVACY
This Privacy Policy governs the way in which Snaptee Limited (hereinafter “Snaptee”) collects and uses personal and non-personal information we learn about you from your visit to the Snaptee.co (the “Website”) and your use of the mobile application Snaptee App (the “App” and collectively with the Website, the “Service”).  By accessing and using the Site, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy, and you accept and consent to the privacy practices (and any uses and disclosures of information about you) that are described in this Privacy Policy.
Snaptee shall have the right to modify this Privacy Policy, which modification shall be effective immediately following Snaptee’s posting of such change on the website.  Your use of the Snaptee Service following such posting shall be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such modification.  If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please Contact Us.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS SET OUT IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SNAPTEE SERVICE.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Depending on how you use the Service, you may be required to provide certain personally identifiable information about you (“Personal Information”), which may include, but is not limited to, your:
Name
Email address
Mailing address
Username and password
Payment information, such as your name, credit or debit card information, billing information, shipping information, and, if applicable, your PayPal account username and address (if different from your email address)
Login information for any social media accounts you wish to connect to your account
You may choose not to provide your Personal Information; however, if you do not provide your Personal Information you may not be able to use all the functions offered by the Service.
In addition, when you use the App, the following types of information may all be logged automatically (“Usage Information”):
Transaction related information about the Lockers you visit and purchases you make
Type of mobile device you use
Operating system of your mobile device
Wireless carrier
Browser type
Non-precise geographic location (e.g. zip code and city)
Technical information about your device, system and App software, and peripherals
Snaptee does not collect precise geographic location.
When you use the Website, the following types of Usage  Information may also be logged automatically:
type of browser you are using
your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address
the time, date, and length of your visit
the pages you visit
the referring site
Usage Information, if collected, may be collected via computer code sent to your computer or device (commonly referred to as “cookies”).  The cookies may not expire, unless you manually delete them or set your browser to reject them.  If you do not accept the cookies, however, you may have difficulty navigating the Website or using the App.  Furthermore, the Website and App may utilize Web beacons, embedded Web links, and other commonly used information-gathering tools.
USE
Snaptee uses non-personal information to manage the Website and the App.  Snaptee may analyze the data about visits to the Website and your use of the App to make them more accessible and interesting for visitors.  Snaptee may share this data with third parties, usually to provide services for Snaptee associated with the maintenance of the Website and the App.
If you submit Personal Information to the Website, the information will be used for the purpose you requested or for which it is collected or for any purpose you subsequently authorize.  That information may be stored and maintained for as long as is reasonable necessary to effectuate the service you request and for a reasonable time thereafter.  Snaptee will process this information in a manner which is consistent with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by you.  In addition, Snaptee may share data, including your credit card information, with trusted partners to help us fulfill your request, perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
Additionally, Snaptee may use such information to contact you regarding the Website or the App.  Furthermore, Snaptee may disclose any information collected to the extent Snaptee reasonably believes that such disclosure is desirable to comply with the law, such as in response to any subpoena, to the extent reasonably necessary to establish or defend a legal claim and for other purposes permitted by applicable law.
Also, any such information may be transferred to a third party in the event of a sale, acquisition, merger or bankruptcy involving Snaptee or any subsidiary or section thereof.
If you do not wish Snaptee to use your information in accordance with this Policy, please do not submit any Personal Information to Snaptee.
DISCLOSURE
We may disclose information about you if we become subject to a subpoena or court order, or if we are otherwise legally required to disclose information.  We may also use and disclose information about you to establish or exercise our legal rights, to enforce the Terms of Use, to assert and defend against legal claims, or if we believe such disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding actual or suspected illegal or fraudulent activities or potential threats to the physical safety or well-being of any person.
CONSENT TO PROCESS INFORMATION
By using the Service and submitting information to it, you hereby consent to allow Snaptee to process information in accordance with this Policy.
Special Consideration for Payment Information
If you provide credit card information to complete a purchase, it is our policy to use party payment processing systems that comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS), which is an industry wide security standard designed to protect the confidentiality and security of your credit card information, by encryption using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and storage with AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.  If we use a third party payment processor, your credit card information will also be subject to that processor’s privacy policy in addition to ours.
PLEASE READ THE PRIVACY POLICY ON THE WEBSITE OF ANY PAYMENT PROCESSOR THAT YOU ARE DIRECTED TO REGARDING THE USE, STORAGE AND PROTECTION OF YOUR CREDIT CARD INFORMATION BEFORE SUBMITTING ANY CREDIT CARD INFORMATION.
All information that you provide to us or our third party payment processor must be accurate, current and complete.  In the event of a dispute, we may issue you with a provisional credit to your card or a store credit until the dispute is resolved.  If we issue a provisional credit and the dispute is resolved and the charges were correct, we shall recharge your debit or credit card to reverse this provisional credit.  If we issue store credit and the dispute is resolved in your favor, we will convert the store credit to a refund on your debit card or credit card at your request.  You expressly consent to this reversal if you falsely or incorrectly dispute a charge.  If you wish to dispute a charge by mail or telephone please contact us at
cs@snaptee.co
.  If we elect at any time to charge any convenience fee for making a payment via a debit card, credit card, or electronic check, these fees will be stated at the time of payment before you finalize your charge.  In the event of an unauthorized charge using a debit card or electronic check, please consult your bank’s rules regarding refunds and reversals.  Snaptee complies with all legal requirements of your State’s applicable laws regarding providing refunds for unauthorized charges.  When you make a charge, we shall display a completed charge screen.  This is your electronic receipt.  You should print or save this electronic receipt for your records.  YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL RIGHT TO USE ANY CREDIT CARDS, DEBIT CARDS OR OTHER PAYMENT MEANS USED TO INITIATE ANY TRANSACTION.
CHOICES
When corresponding with Snaptee or our representatives, or when making a request for information or otherwise interacting with Snaptee or others through the Website, you choose what information to supply, whether you wish to receive further information, and by what method of communication such information should be delivered.  Please take care to share only such information as is needed or that you believe is appropriate.  If you have any reason to believe that the information about you that is stored and maintained by us is incorrect, please contact us by email at:
cs@snaptee.co
.  When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. We may retain any information that you provide to us for fraud prevention or similar purposes.
SECURITY
In addition to the encryption described for credit card and debit card information, we also take commercially reasonable measures to secure and protect all other information transmitted via or stored on the Service and transmitted to and from the Service.  Nevertheless, no security system is impenetrable.  We cannot and do not guarantee that information that users of the Service may happen to transmit or otherwise supply, or that any communications conducted on or through the Service, is or will be secure.  You agree to immediately notify us of any breach of Service security, this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use of which you become aware.  Snaptee expressly disclaimS any representation or warranty, whether express or implied, with respect to ensuring, guaranteeing or otherwise offering any definitive promise of security in connection with your collected Information or any other information that you provide to us through the Service or directly to Snaptee.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may change our privacy practices and this Privacy Policy at any time and from time-to-time because of changes in relevant and applicable legal or regulatory requirements, our business practices, or in our attempts to better serve your needs and those of our other customers.  Notice of such changes to our privacy practices and this Privacy Policy will be given in the manner described in the Terms of Use and a revised Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site.  For questions or suggestions, please contact us at
cs@snaptee.co
.
About
Gift
FAQ
Jobs
Terms
Privacy
Email Us
30/F, Grandion Plaza, 932 Cheung Sha Wan Rd, Cheung Sha Wan, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Copyright 2023 © Snaptee Limited.
All Rights Reserved.
Use our app for better experience!
Download our app for free!