Mad Scientist
Privacy policy
This document describes how we (Mad Scientist sp. z o.o., a company under laws of Poland, with registered address at: Os. Sobieskiego 41/47, 60-688 Poznan, Poland) process your personal information that comes from you when you use our applications that we make available to download in Google Play Store and Apple App Store. By using our applications, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and consent to our processing of information as specified in this Policy.
This policy concerns only free, ad-supported version of our apps, namely:
Magic Fluids Free: simulation & live wallpaper
- available in Google Play Store
Magic Fluids Lite
- available in Apple App Store
Paid and ad-free versions of our apps are covered by a
separate policy
.
What information do we collect?
The only personal data collected in our apps is that used by Google AdMob ad-serving network:
IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
To users based in EEA (European Economic Area), we only show non-personalized ads (NPA). In this case, Google AdMob still requires a Device ID and browser cookies when displaying non-personalized ads "for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse".
By consenting to our privacy policy, you also consent to policies of Google AdMob, and those of the AdMob's ad technology providers. Please review them under the links below, before using our application:
Google's privacy policy
AdMob's data processing practices
AdMob's ad technology providers and their policies
We do not process any other personal data.
Exercising your rights
We do not store nor process your data after the application has been closed. However, this may not be the case with the third-parties listed above. If you would like to exercise your rights related to your personal information (e.g., the right to be forgotten), you must contact the appropriate third-party.
Revocation of consent
You can revoke your consent to our processing of your personal data at any time, by ceasing all usage of our applications. The processing of any further personal data stops immediately.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on this page.
This Policy was last modified on 19/02/2021.
Contacting us
You may contact us using the information below.
magicfluids@madscientist.pl
Mad Scientist sp. z o.o.
Os. Jana III Sobieskiego 41/47
60-688 Poznań, Poland
Tech blog