Anti 18 Browser – MOBNCASH DEV
Skip to content
MOBNCASH DEV
Mobncash apps
Menu
Anti 18 Browser
SnapPic Camera For Android
Privacy
Contact
Blog
Anti 18 Browser
Privacy Policy
App Description and Features
Permissions explained
1 – Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application
Anti 18 Browser
(“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by MOBNCASH. The Application is android application to Browse witout being disturbed by porn content or ads .
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you use, download or update our App.
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and the OS version (Android version).
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No we do not share any information with third parties we only use Admob for advertising pupose. Google Admob may collect some information such OS Version and device ID in the ways that are described in thier privacy statement.
Google Admob’s policies Link :
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if Mobncash is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may in the future work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your OS version . To protect the anonymity of this information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere.
Non- Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at yacin  dot  alhyane at gmail.com.
2 – Description and features
A fast and beautiful UI browser to browse and protect your online privacy without being disturbed by ads or adult content (porn) the browser is an adult content blocker and porn blocker it blocks all websites that are providing to watch porn content or adults ads (porn videos), all adult content, sex, nudity websites are automatically blocked No more access to pornhub, xvideos, vrporn and all major porn websites no more porn videos downloads.
Our app provides the best safe searching engines the default one is Google Safe Search and you may switch to the Yahoo safe Search or Bing safe search, Also a total safe browsing in Incognito mode or using our built in browser proxy the Orbot Proxy or the I2P proxy, like all the other browser all the necessary option are available such as Bookmarks, History, Google Search suggestions and Block ads downloads and more to discover, Please note that the app is in active development we are constantly updating our database to block more porn and sex websites and you can help sending us suggestions of websites that are still accessible via our app.
★★★★★  Features ★★★★★
★ Adult content blocker (Adult ads or videos)
★ Block all major porn websites
★ Browse using Orbot Proxy or the I2P proxy
★ Not allowing Adults videos downloading
★ Multiple Safe search engines (Google, Bing, Yahoo, StartPage, DuckDuckGo, etc.)
★ Privacy options with quick access in settings to clear your cookies, cache, and granular history …
★ User Agent : Choose to view sites in desktop or mobile formats
★ Incognito “Ghost Mode”: Auto-clean your browsing activities
★ Fast Downloads
Ad Block : blocks all different forms of ads, now visit webpages Ad-Free, no more pop-up banner ads.
★ Read Mode
★ Different Themes are available : Dark Mode, Light Mode, Color Mode, Night Mode…
This app is based on Lightning Browser, and licensed under the Apache License.
Apache License, Version 2.0:
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html
3 – Permissions explained
● permission.INTERNET:
Needed to access the internet for browsing
● permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE:
Needed for downloading files and backing up data
● permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE:
Needed for downloading files and restoring data
● permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION:
Needed for sites that want your location (you can deny location access)
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Δ
Search
Search for:
Search
SnapPic Face Camera on Google Play For Free
There are many things you can do with SnapPic Camera with Stickers. This is a powerful photo editor app that can turn the most boring pictures into the most awesome pictures, decorated with mind-blowingly cute stickers. You can take a picture or selfie directly from our app, or you can edit existing pictures from your phone’s Gallery. Retouch your pics and turn them into eye catching and cut epics with our various filters, photo effects, and stickers. Do a face swap and turn your face into a doggy face, cat face, or other animal face. There are so many things you can accomplish with our app with very little effort. Find out what else you can do with our photo effects app now!

Download it From Google Play For Free : SnapPic Camera with Stickers on Google Play
Search
Search for:
Search
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
MOBNCASH DEV
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
%d
bloggers like this: