Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Agus Haryanto (Jatisari Inovasi Studio) developer of this Applications respect the privacy concerns of our users. We have created this Privacy Policy to explain what we do with information gathered from users, how it is being gathered, stored and managed.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Applications and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve our Applications. By using the Applications , you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information about User Data Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Applications to you.
The Data that we collect automatically :
Mobile device identifiers such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI.
General location data eg. Country.
Your cellular network operator.
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, screen size, browser type and language,
Your IP Address
The Types of Data We Don't Collect:
In our Apps We don't collect any personal data and “notes” data. Only you can see your personal data unless you consciously and aware / explicitly send that data to us.
Why Do We Collect Your Data ?
To show advertisements.
The Data is to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services..
Our applications use advertising currently provided by
Admob
use the data to show relevant ads for you and collect statistical information is reported to them so they can see whether their adverts are effective
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage data.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
For analyzes the problem and issues in the app
We use collected data to analyse reported problem and to help us solve the problem. In general this will make our Applications better for you.
Who Can See Your Data ?
Apart from us, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Partners Working for Agus Haryanto (Jatisari Inovasi Studio) Software.
We has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to our instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, user support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention..
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Applications or Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
The current Privacy Policy may be changed. We will keep this document up to date. Last updated: Jul 19, 2022
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Your Consent
By using Our apps or services  you consent to this Privacy Policy as well as all the 3rd party Privacy Policies mentioned above.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://agusharyanto.net
jatisaristudio@gmail.com