Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
GPS Essentials is keeping your personal information save. This Privacy Policy helps you to
    understand what information we collect and how you can manage, export and delete it.
Type of information being accessed
GPS Essentials works with different kinds of information. Sensor data is information that GPS
    Essentials reads from device sensors. For example, these sensors provide your current location,
    the device's orientation, the current time and date, the air pressure, the battery level, battery
    temperature, and if you are currently charging, illuminance and IP address.
Location information is a key aspect of GPS Essentials. Locations describe a two-dimensional
    point on the earth's surface and an elevation. Locations can also have an accuracy associated
    with it.
GPS Essentials uses the current device's location using the device's GPS receiver or a location
    interpolated from Wifi and cell tower locations.
Some information is provided by you. GPS Essentials can attach photos taken by the device's
    camera and text entered by you to locations and store them.
Storing your information
GPS Essentials stores all information in a database on your device. You can change the storage
    location
Sharing your information
If you register on mapfinity.com and synchronize stream, the stream contents will be
        uploaded and processed on the Mapfinity servers. Once you synchronized streams,
        you can share them using links. Everybody who knows such a link can access your information.
If you send crash information to the developer, you might disclose personal information
        such as the device ID and additional model information, the version of Android you are using
        and information about available resources. You can disable sending crash information in
        Settings/Error Reporting.
If you use the routing feature with the "Road" option, your current location and target
        location will be sent to a Google server. Google terms of service apply here.
If you use the search feature in map view, the bounding box of the visible map will be
        sent to a Google server. Google terms of service apply here.
GPS Essentials uses an advertising platforms to show ads. These platforms
        might store your location, advertising ID and other information to show personalized ads. If you
        have the donations plugin installed, no information will be sent.
GPS Essentials collects and processes data ("usage statistics") using Google Analytics.
        Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data
        collected to track and examine the use of GPS Essentials, to prepare reports on its activities
        and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize
        and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal data collected: Cookie and Usage Data. Place of processing: USA.