Support|Histrory Log
Privacy Policy
Date of last revision: September 19 2019
It governs the privacy terms of our MomentDiary app available in Google Play Store. 
These services will be referred to as “Service”, “Services” or “our service”, in this document. 
Any capitalized terms not defined in our Privacy Policy, have the meaning as specified in our Terms of Service.
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed
this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use,
communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. 
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Service.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Note:  This policy does not apply to the third-party websites, which you reach through links in MomentDiary app.
App permissions
[ Location ]
For recoding location information in entry.
[ Phone ]
For Carrier discrimination.
[ Storage ]
For Photos, save and delete entry, stickers, skins
[ Others ]
· network access
For Cloud Backup function.
· prevent phone from sleep
For during Cloud Backup.
· run at start up, control vibration
For Reminder function.
· Google pay billing service
For Premium service.
Information We Collect
In our application, we use Google Analytics to understand user's usage situation.
Data gathered by using Google Analytics is managed based on Google's Privacy Policy.
​
· Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Inc.)
https://policies.google.com/privacy
​
· In our application, the following advertisement distribution companies may automatically acquire information of users for the purpose of advertisement distribution. Regarding information to be acquired, purposes of use, provision to third parties, etc., please confirm from the application · privacy policy link of the following advertisement distribution company.(Advertisement ID etc.)
​
· AdMob (Google Inc.)
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
​
​
When you send an email or other communications to MomentDiary support, we may retain those communications, including your name, email address, your device characteristics and any information contained therein to process your inquiries, respond to requests and improve our Service.
Note:
We are committed to complying with all aspects of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). MomentDiary app does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service. If you are under the age of 13, please do not attempt to use our Service or send any Personal Information about yourself to us. No one under age 13 may provide any Personal Information to MomentDiary. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete all Personal information that we collected.
How We Use Your Information
MomentDiary app does not automatically share any personal information you provide with any third party company, application or service without your permission. We do not sell or rent any Personal Information to third parties without your explicit consent. Unless you specifically authorize us to release such information, or release is required or permitted by law, we will not exchange, sell, lease, trade or otherwise give away such information to other third parties. If we propose to use your Personal Information for any other purpose than those described in this Privacy Policy, we will obtain your consent first and offer you the option of opting out of such use of your Personal Information.
Security
MomentDiary app is committed to protect your privacy, Personal Information and Private Content in that way how are mentioned in this policy. We are using encryption algorithm to encrypt your Private Content in synchronization data file except attached photos that are stored in MomentDiary server.
Please remember that you play a valuable part in security as well. You should enable " PassCode" in app to protect your Private Content.
You assume all responsibility for the maintenance and recollection of your "PassCode & DiaryID & Password", and MomentDiary app specifically disclaims all responsibility and liability of any data loss due to lost  "PassCode & DiaryID & Password". Although we take measures to ensure the privacy and security of your Private Content, we cannot guarantee its absolute privacy and security, as no privacy or security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other people whom you have shared any Personal Information with, and therefore we do not guarantee that unauthorized individuals will not obtain access to your Private Content or Personal Information. We are also not responsible for any circumvention of our privacy or security systems.
Privacy Policy Updates
It may be necessary from time to time for us to modify this policy to reflect changes in the way we collect and use information or changes in privacy-related laws, regulations, and industry standards. Accordingly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting the revised policy on this Website. Your continued use of the service after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with a revised Privacy Policy or any future revisions, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Service. It is your responsibility to regularly check the Site to determine if there have been changes made and to review such changes.