Toffee - Movies, Series & Cinema
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Introduction
Welcome to Toffee. Thank you for using the Toffee products, services and features provided to you from the Toffee platform (collectively, the
“Service”
). The present Terms of Use
(“Terms of Use")
apply to all services availed by you (the
"User"
) using the Toffee. By using Toffee,you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use and such other additional or alternative terms, conditions, rules and policies (including but not limited to this Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy, Creator’s Terms of Use, Toffee Community Guidelines)which are displayed or to which you may be directed in connection with any particular Toffee/ Banglalink App or Service, all as may be modified by BANGLALINK from time to time in its sole discretion (collectively the
"Terms and Conditions"
or
“Agreement”
, used interchangeably). If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions, you may not use Toffee and opt out of the Toffee platform.
YOUR SERVICE PROVIDER
Banglalink Digital Communications Ltd.
(“Banglalink”)
, a company operating under the laws of Bangladesh having its office at Tigers’ Den, House- 4 SW(H), Bir Uttam Mir Shawkat Sharak, Gulshan-1, Dhaka-1212, Bangladesh (hereinafter referred to as
“Toffee”
,
“we”
,
“us”
, or “our”) is your service provider. If the ownership, possession, control and operation of the Toffee platform, including the Service, is assigned, transferred and/or sold at any time to any sister concerns, affiliates, assignees, subsidiaries, partners etc. of Banglalink (the
“Relevant Party”
), then this Terms of Use and the Terms and Conditions shall be valid and continue to be effective with such Relevant Party without any change or modification. Accordingly, such Relevant Party shall be your service provider without requiring any further consent from you.
CONTENT ON THE TOFFEE PLATFORM
The contents on the Toffee platform include videos, audio (for example music and other sounds), graphics, photos, text (such as comments and scripts), branding (including trade names, trademarks, service marks, or logos), recorded expressions interactive features, software, metrics, and other materials (collectively, the
"Content”
).
AGREEMENT
Please note that Banglalink reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the Terms and Conditions (including these Terms of Use) at any time without notice and without assigning any reason thereof and accordingly the revised version shall apply.It is your responsibility to check periodically for changes. Your continued use of and/or access to Toffee following the posting of any changes to these Terms and Conditions shall mean you accept those changes.
Acceptance:
By accessing and/or using Toffee, you hereby agree and accept the Terms and Conditions in full and provide your consent (as and where required under the Terms and Conditions). If you disagree or do not accept any of the Terms and Conditions or do not provide your consent (as mentioned above), you must Not use Toffee.
General Terms of Use
Cookies:
Our Website uses cookies; by using our Website and/or agreeing to the Terms and Conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy.
Copyright Notice:
Toffee is a copyright protected platform of Banglalink Digital Communications Ltd.
Subject to the express provisions of these Terms and Conditions, we, together with our licensors and service providers, own and control all the copyright and all other intellectual property rights, titles and interests in and relating to the Services and the materials and contents on our Website. All the copyright and other intellectual property rights, titles and interests in and relating to our Services and the material and contents on our Website are reserved.
Except for the limited permissions, provided by these Terms and Conditions, no right, title, license or interest is granted to you in relation to the Services and contents and materials that are part of the Services.
License for Using Toffee:
You may view contents from Toffee.Except as expressly permitted by provisions in these Terms of Use, you must not copy or download any contents or materials from Toffee to your computer/tv/mobile or any other device and reproduceit in any form.
You may only use our Services for your own personal purposes and must not use our Services for any other purposes including, without limitation for any commercial purposes.
Videos/Content that we offer as part of the Services can be viewed only for personal use or at home. Organized or public showings are not allowed without prior written consent from Banglalink Digital Communications Ltd., operating under the brand name “Toffee”.All content and materials on Toffee are copyright protected and you may not republish any material fromToffee (including republication on another website); sell, rent or sub-license material or content from Toffee; show any material from Toffee in public; exploit materials or content from Toffee for commercial purposes; or redistribute materials or content from Toffee.
We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of Toffee at any time and for any reason or no reason, at our sole discretion; you must not circumvent or bypass, or attempt to circumvent or bypass, any access restriction measures on Toffee.
Banglalink shall have the right to disconnect or suspend this Service without any prior notice and without showing any reason whatsoever, if you are found to be in breach of any of the terms and conditions herein.
Usage Restrictions policy:
You may not use Toffee in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the Toffee platform or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of Toffee.
You may not use Toffee andthe content available therein in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, deceptive or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You may not use Toffee and the content available therein in any way that goes against local legal requirement, spreads or supports propaganda against the Liberation War of Bangladesh, the spirit of the Liberation War, the Father of the Nation, the national anthem, the national flag, the Government image or reputation, national security and/or national interest, social norms, culture or discriminates based on race, color, ethnicity, gender, religion (including religious beliefs, practices etc.), national origin, sexual orientation, or any other protected class, characteristic, or consideration made unlawful/illegal/prohibited under applicable local laws and regulations
You may not use Toffee and the content available therein in any way that is violent, that instigates/ encourages bullying, self-harm, suicide, child abuse, sexual harassment, breach of privacy, hate speech, nudity etc. Further, you may not use Toffee in any manner that contravenes any provisions of the Terms and Conditions (including the Toffee Community Guidelines).
You may not use Toffee to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You may not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to Toffee without our express written consent.
You may not access or otherwise interact with Toffee using any robot, spider or other automated means.
You may not use data collected from Toffee for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing).
You may not use data collected from Toffee to contact individuals, companies or other persons or entities.
You must ensure that all the information you supply to us through Toffee, or in relation to Toffee, is true, accurate, current, complete, clear and non-misleading.
Toffee platform, its content and all the features are free for all the users in Bangladesh. Users need to have an android/iOS device, a valid SIM card and an internet connection to use Toffee. There is no subscription fee as of yet to access the content. However, any future changes will be notified to the users on time.
USER CONDUCT:
In consideration of the availability, and your use, of Toffee or any of the Services, you agree to comply with all applicable laws and the Terms and Conditions when using such Toffee platform or Service. You acknowledge that BANGLALINK may investigate any violations of law and regulations and may cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users in this regard. Additionally, you agree not to:
Post, transmit, link to, or otherwise distribute any materials, information or content constituting, advocating or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise use Toffee or any of the Services in a manner which is contrary to law or would serve to restrict or inhibit any other user from using or enjoying the Toffee platform or any of the Services, or the internet;
Post, transmit, link to, or otherwise distribute any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information;
Post, transmit, link to, or otherwise distribute any information, materials or content (including for greater certainty, software) which contains a virus, cancelbot, Trojan horse, worm or other harmful or disruptive component.
TOFFEE SERVICE
You must be at least 18 (eighteen) years of age or the age of majority as per applicable law to become anUser of the Toffee. Minors may only use the service under the supervision of an adult.
The Toffee and any content viewed through the Toffee platform are for your personal and non-commercial use only. During the tenure of your registration and usage of the Toffee platform we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access the Toffee platform and view the available Content only. Except for the foregoing limited license, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you. You agree not to use the service for public performances.
You may view the Content primarily within the country in which you have established your account and only in geographic locations where we offer our service and have licensed such Content. Toffee regularly makes changes to the service, including the Content library. In addition, we continually test various aspects of our service, including our website, user interfaces, promotional features and availability of the content.
You agree to use Toffee, including all features and functionalities associated therewith, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, or other restrictions on use of the service or content therein. You agree not to archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, offer for sale, or use (except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use) content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Toffee platform. You also agree not to: circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any of the content protections in the Toffee platform; use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access Toffee; decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through Toffee; insert any code or product or manipulate the content of Toffee in any way; or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method. In addition, you agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with Toffee, including any software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs. We may terminate or restrict your use of our Toffee platform and Services if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the Service.
The quality of the display of the Content available on Toffee may vary from device to device, and may be affected by a variety of factors, such as your location, the bandwidth available and/or speed of your internet connection. Not all Content is available in all formats. You are responsible for all Internet access charges. The time it takes to begin watching the Content will vary based on a number of factors, including your location, available bandwidth at the time, the Content you have selected and the configuration of your Toffee ready device.
Toffee shall not be liable for any delay caused by circumstances and factors beyond the control of the platform, such as internet connection at customer's end, GPRS, 3G, 4G, 5G data availability, GSM network, faulty SIM card, non-payment of bills, Wi-Fi or internet connection & customer internal mobile & TV’s display, configuration and power system.
The Toffee software is developed by, or for, Toffee and is designed to enable viewing of Toffee content through Toffee ready devices. The Toffee software may vary by device and medium, and functionalities and features may also differ between devices. You acknowledge that the use of the Toffee platform and Service may require third party software that is subject to third party licenses. By registering to, using and/or accessing the Toffee platform or Services you accept to automatically receiveany updates of Toffee and related third party software when available and agree to the terms and conditions (if any) relating to the same.
To run Toffee in your Android mobile device it must have minimum Android OS version Lollipop5.0 or in your iOS mobile device it must have the latest iOS version.
Web Browsers that support Toffee are Chrome (latest version), Firefox (latest version), Internet Explorer (latest version), Microsoft Edge, Safari (latest version), Opera (latest version).
Note: Firefox ESR is not supported at this time. Firefox ESR (Version 60) will be supported when it's available for the general public.
REGISTRATION, ACCOUNTS AND PASSWORDS & ACCOUNT ACCESS
Certain Services and related features made available on the Toffee platform may require registration or subscription. Should you choose to register or subscribe for any such Services or related features, you agree to provide accurate and current information about yourself as required by the relevant registration or subscription process, and to promptly update such information as necessary to ensure that it is kept accurate and complete. You agree to be responsible for: (a) maintaining the confidentiality of any passwords or other account identifiers which you choose or are assigned as a result of any registration or subscription on Toffee, and (b) all activities that occur under such password or account. Further, you agree to notify BANGLALINK of any unauthorized use of your password or account. BANGLALINK shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, in any way for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of, or in connection with, your failure to comply with this Section.
											You can create an account in Toffee by signing up using your mobile number. Toffee will create an account for you based on the login information you provided. Once the account is created, user will be redirected to the subscription page to complete the subscription. To maintain control over the account and to prevent anyone from accessing the account (which would include information on viewing history for the account), the user /account owner should maintain control over the Toffee ready devices that are used to access the service and not reveal the password nor details of the payment method associated with the account to anyone. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the accuracy of the information you provide to us relating to your account. We can terminate your account or place your account on hold in order to protect you, Toffee or our partners from identity theft or other fraudulent activity.
TRADEMARKS
The brand name “BANGLALINK”,” TOFFEE” and all associated designs and logos are trademarks owned by BANGLALINK. All other product, brand and company names and logos used or mentioned in Toffee or any of the Services may be the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Any use of any trademarks appearing on Toffee or any of the Services without the express written consent of the owner of the trademark is strictly prohibited.
WARRANTIES
The Toffee platform and Service is provided "as is" and without warranty or condition. In particular, our service may not be uninterrupted or error-free. You waive your right to claim any direct, special, indirect and consequential damages against us, relating to or resulting from the foregoing.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
To the fullest extent permitted by law, in no event shall Toffee/Banglalink, its officers, directors, employees, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive losses or expenses or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our services (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our services, (v) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our services by any third party, (vi) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind (vii) force majeure situations, (viii) failure/delay due to technical errors, incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, published, emailed, transmitted, shared or otherwise made available via the services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal instrument, and whether or not the company is advised of the possibility of such damages.
											You acknowledge and accept that Toffee/Banglalink shall not be liable for content or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
											We understand that, in some jurisdictions, warranties, conditions may apply and that these cannot be legally excluded or disclaimers provided in this regard.Only if that is the scenario in your jurisdiction, then to the extent permitted by law, Toffee limits its liability for any claims under those warranties or conditions to either supplying you the services again or providing you the cost of supplying the services again.
CLASS ACTION WAIVER
Where permitted under the applicable law, you and Toffee agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding. Further, where permitted under the applicable law, unless both i.e. you and Toffee agree otherwise, the court may not consolidate more than one person's claims with your claim/s, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
INDEMNIFICATION
By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you agree that you shall defend, indemnify and hold Banglalink, our licensors and each such party’s parent organizations, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, members, employees, attorneys and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including lawyers’ fees and costs) arising out of or in connection with: (a) your violation or breach of any term of these Terms of Use or any applicable law or regulation, including any local laws or ordinances, whether or not referenced herein (b) your use (or misuse) of the Services, (c)your use of the Service; (d) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, intellectual property, or privacy right; This defense and indemnification obligation will survive termination of this Agreement, and your use of the Service.
TERRITORY
The territory shall be the world.
INTERNET DELAYS
The Toffee platform, Services, and/or the software may be subject to limitations, delays, and other problems inherent in the use of the internet and electronic communications including the device used by you being faulty, not connected, out of range, switched off or not functioning. We are not responsible for any delays, delivery failures, damages or losses resulting from such problems.
MISCELLANEOUS
Governing Law:
The Terms and Conditons (including these Terms of Use) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the People’s Republic of Bangladesh.
Unsolicited Materials:
Toffee does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for Toffee content and is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content with the content of any other media.
Survival:
If any provision or provisions of these Terms of Use shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
Changes to Terms of Use and Assignment:
If any provision or provisions of these Terms of Use shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
Toffee may, from time to time, change these Terms of Use and any of the other Terms and Conditions. Although we may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to these Terms of Use and/or the Terms and Conditions, you should periodically review the most up-to-date version. We may, in our sole discretion, modify or revise these Terms of Use and/or the Terms and Conditionsat any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions or update if you continue using and/or accessing the Toffee platform and Services. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.
We will try to notify you at least 30 (thirty) days before these new Terms of Use apply to you.
Banglalink may without any prior consent and at its sole discretion (a) assign, transfer and/or sell the ownership, possession, control and operation of the Toffee platform, including the Service to one or more of its Affiliates, sister concerns, assignees, subsidiaries, partners etc.; (b) assign this Agreement/Terms and Conditions in its entirety to a successor to all or substantially all of its business or assets to which this Agreement/ Terms and Conditions relates. Any permitted assignee will assume all obligations of its assignor (or related to the assigned portion in case of a partial assignment).
Legal Action:
Without prejudice to any other right pertaining to us under these Terms and Conditions and/or law/equity, we reserve the right to take legal actions against you for any breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Electronic Communications:
We will send you information relating to your account changes in password or confirmation messages, notices etc. in electronic form only, for example via emails to your email address provided during registration.
Our details:
This Toffee platform and Service is owned and operated by Banglalink Digital Communications Ltd. operating under the brand name “Toffee”.
We are registered in Bangladesh and our registered office is at Tiger’s Den, House No. 04 (SW), Bir Uttam Mir Shawkat Sharak, Gulshan-1, Dhaka-1212, Bangladesh.
You can contact us by writing to the business address given above.
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Banglalink Digital Communications Ltd.
(“BANGLALINK”)
has worked hard to bring you informative and user-friendly mobile applications, and a digital platform
("Toffee")
that are sensitive to concerns about privacy. We have designed this Toffee Privacy Policy (the
“Policy”
) to explain how and when BANGLALINK collects, uses, and safeguards the information you provide and that we collect through Toffee. These include all the Toffee products, services and features offered to customers by BANGLALINK, as well as any other services that we may develop and offer in the future.
Please carefully read this Policy to understand our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and treatment of your information. By using, accessing, or registering with Toffee, you fully consent to our collection, use, and/or disclosure of information in accordance with and as set out in this Policy. You acknowledge and agree that your access to and use of Toffee is subject to our Terms of Use (provided herein below) and any conflict between this Policy and the Terms of Use will be determined in favor of the Terms of Use. The Terms of Use and other Toffee policies are expressly made a part of this Privacy Policy and all policies together are considered as “the Agreement”. You hereby agree to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of the Agreement (including the Toffee Community Guidelines, Creator’s Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use) and fully consent to the access, use and/or transfer by Toffee/ Banglalink, of any of your personal data or identity information, in the manner and for the purposes as set out in this Privacy Policy.You also acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible, in any manner whatsoever, for how third parties, vendors, and/or service providers collect, use or transfer your information.
Scope of this Policy
This Policy applies to information you provide to us or that we collect automatically when you visit, access, use, or register with Toffee and when you interact with Toffee content or applications that may link to or be accessible from or on the App that are provided or managed by a third party. This Policy also applies to information we collect when you visit or use the ToffeeWebsite or otherwise, such as when you communicate with us through email, text, or other electronic means. This Policy will tell you:
Who collects information
What types of information are collected and how this is done
How BANGLALINK uses and discloses the information that is collected
Your rights to view and correct information that you voluntarily submit to us
How BANGLALINK secures your information
How we comply with the Digital Security Act 2018 and
Where you can get answers to your questions about this Policy
Third-Party Providers
Some of Toffee products, services and features or the functions within Toffee may be provided, developed, or hosted by third parties that are not affiliated with BANGLALINK. These entities may collect or receive information you provide within Toffee, including information about your use of Toffee and your activities over time and across third-party applications or websites. These third parties may collect, use, store, or transmit information in accordance with their applicable privacy policies and business practices, which are not under Toffee/BANGLALINK ’s control. For more information on third party practices, please refer to such third parties’ applicable privacy policies, terms of use, end user license agreements, or similar disclosures, available from such App, the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, or by contacting the third party for more information. Please note that, as mentioned above, BANGLALINK shall not be liable or responsible, in any manner whatsoever, for how such third parties, collect, use or transfer your information.
Who Collects Information?
When you visit or use Toffee we may collect or receive information about you as described in this Policy. It may include links to the BANGLALINK Website and may also make use of third-party cookies, web beacons, pixels, dynamic tags, and/or other technical means, which may allow third parties to collect information about you and your activities on Toffee and provide you, or enable others to provide you, with certain functionality or advertising.
Collection of Information
We receive and store information about you such as:
Information you provide to us, which includes, your name, email id, postal address or code, payment details and telephone number. We collect this information in a number of ways, including when you enter it while using Toffee. We collect information which you provide while using our service, interact with our Customer Service, or participate in surveys or marketing promotions;
Information when you choose to provide reviews or ratings, taste preferences, account settings, set preferences in Your Account, or otherwise provide information to us through our service or elsewhere;
Information we collect automatically: We collect information about you and your usage behavior of our service, your interactions with us and our advertising, as well as information regarding your computer or other device used to access our service (such as, smart TVs, handheld or mobile devices, and set top boxes). This information includes, your activity on the Toffee, such as title selections, watch history and search queries; details of your interactions with Customer Service, such as the date, time and reason for contacting us, transcripts of any chat conversations, and if you call us, your phone number and call recordings; device IDs or other unique identifiers; device and software characteristics (such as type and configuration), connection information, statistics on page views, referral URLs, IP address (which may tell us your general location), browser and standard web server log information;
Information collected via the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including ad data (such as information on the availability and delivery of ads, the site URL, as well as the date and time). See our Cookies and Internet Advertising section for more details;
Information from other sources: We might supplement the information described above with information we obtain from other sources, including from both online and offline data providers. Such supplemental information could include demographic data, interest-based data, and Internet browsing behavior.
What personal information do we collect from Users and its purpose?
When you use Toffee, we collect and store your personal information as provided by you. Our primary goal in doing so is to conduct internal research on your demography and interest to provide you a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience as well as to protect your interest. This allows us to provide services and features that are most likely to meet your needs, and to customize Toffee app to make your experience safer and easier. Importantly, we only collect personal information about and related to you that we consider necessary for achieving this abovementioned purpose.
For local users
You can browse/use Toffee after verifying your contact number.Once you give us yourpersonal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you clearly and fully consent to the possession, use, transfer and/or storage of that information on our servers located anywhere under the custody of Banglalink Digital Communications Ltd. or its authorized vendors/suppliers/service providers/licensors.
We may collect and store the following personal information
Name, address, contact numbers, father's/mother's/husband's/wife's name, email address, physical contact information, and sometimes financial information (depending on the service used) such as credit card or bank account numbers, or other payment details;
Transactional information based on your activities on the sites (such as, buying, and content you generate or that relates to your account);
The URL that you were redirected from (whether this URL is on our site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address;
If you send us personal correspondence such as emails or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you;
Community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, correspondence through our sites, and correspondence sent to us;
Other information from your interaction with our sites, services, content and advertising, including computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, ad data, IP address and standard web log information;
We may also collect non-personal information about your visit to the Site/App, and other similar sites based on your browsing (click-stream) activities. This information may include the pages you browsed and content and services viewed for example;
Additional information we may ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site/App policies;
Information from other companies, such as demographic and navigation data.
How do we Use your personal information?
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may use your personal information to:
Administer Toffee service (Website, App)
Provide the services and customer support you request
Resolve disputes, securing payments, and troubleshoot problems
Customize your experience; detect and protect us against error
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our Terms of Use
Customize, measure and improve our services, content and advertising
Inform you about online and offline offers, services, and updates
Tell you about our services and those of our corporate family, targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers
Compare your submitted/tracked information for accuracy, and verify it with third parties
Examine your personal information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases and delete/bar the unauthenticated User IDs
Send you e-mail notifications which you have specifically requested
Your feedback, ratings and associated comments may be displayed for the enhancement of Toffee service (Website, App) and in-depth understanding for other visitors. If you access our sites from a shared computer or a computer in an internet café, certain information about you, such as your Log In ID, activity or reminders from Toffee service (Website, App), may also be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you
Use of Third-Party Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies for Advertising
Toffee uses automatic data collection technologies including first- and third-party cookies, log files, web beacons, pixels, dynamic tags, and other technical means. We may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services in order to deliver content and advertising tailored to your interests, both on Toffee and on third-party applications (including but not limited to search engines and social media applications). This practice is commonly known as Online Behavioral Advertising.
The third parties who provide us with third-party cookies, web beacons, pixels, dynamic tags, and other tracking technologies, may use these technologies to collect information about you when you use Toffee in order to provide you with advertising based on your use of Toffee and to track performance of their advertising. Third parties may have the ability to link the information they collect about you when you use Toffee with other information they collect about you elsewhere on the Internet, including but not limited to your PERSONAL INFORMATION or information about the mobile device you are using. Third parties may also collect information about your online or application activities over time and across different websites, applications, and other online services and may use this information to provide you with Online Behavioral Advertising or other targeted content.
											Please note that, as mentioned above, BANGLALINK shall not be liable or responsible, in any manner whatsoever, for how such third parties, collect, use or transfer your information.
Social Networking
BANGLALINK maintains a presence on third-party social networking sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, and others. BANGLALINK does not control and is not responsible for the collection, tracking, use, or disclosure of your information (including your PERSONAL INFORMATION and NPI) gathered through social networking websites and applications, including through the BANGLALINK pages or profiles within other applications, or otherwise as a result of your participation in social networking sites. Third-party social networking applications and advertisers on these applications, including on the BANGLALINK pages or profiles within these sites, are not obligated to follow or apply this Policy or the Terms of Use. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible social networking provider directly and refer to the applicable privacy policy and terms of use of that social networking provider.
We encourage you to research and learn about cookies and other technical means, including web beacons, pixels, and dynamic tags, through which, information about you may be collected through the applications and websites you visit. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party website or service that you visit or use, including those third-parties you interact with through our services.
We may use your information for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect or receive the information, or otherwise with your consent (where required).
Our Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose your personal/identity information to our website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating Toffeeservice (Website, App), conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising. If you don't wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customization programs, simply indicate your preference in ''My Account' or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement. Moreover, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations of the country. We may also share your personal information with:
Relevant Members/Partners/Vendors/Payment Gateway/Bank/Financial Institutes/Suppliers of Banglalink Digital Communications Ltd. to provide joint content and services (like registration, transactions, fund collection and customer support), to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies, and to guide decisions about their products, services and communications. Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you've requested their services
Service providers under contract, who help with our business operations (such as fraud investigations, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs and co-branded credit cards)
Other third parties to whom you explicitly ask us to send your information (or about whom you are otherwise explicitly notified and consent to when using a specific service)
Law enforcement or other governmental officials, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity. In such events, we will disclose information relevant to the investigation.
For any confidentiality agreement between Banglalink and any other organization, we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. In such events, we will disclose necessary information.
Other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity. (Should such a combination occur, we shall require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information. If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy, you will receive prior notice)
Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement, other government officials, or other third parties without a court order or substantially similar legal procedure.
How do we protect visitor information?
Toffee service’s platform (Website, App) is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site/App as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files that are commonly stored on your device when you browse and use websites and online services. They are widely used to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information and assist with service or advertising personalization. Cookies are not the only types of technology that enable this functionality; we also use other, similar types of technologies. See below for more information and examples.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. We use "cookies" (small files placed on your hard drive) on certain of our pages to help analyze our web page flow; customize our services, content and advertising; measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. A few important things you should know about cookies are that:
We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies
We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status
Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services
You may encounter cookies from third parties on certain pages of the sites that we do not control. (For example, if you view a web page created by another user, there may be a cookie placed by that web page.) We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of Toffee service’s platform (Website, App). Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at:
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
When Required by Law
We may disclose your information to third parties when required to protect and defend our legal rights, protect the safety and security of our users, prevent fraud, comply with the law or respond to legal process or a request for cooperation by a Bangladesh government entity.
With Your Consent
We may share your information with other third parties when you consent to such sharing.
Your Choices
If you have registered with our Apps, you may access, modify, or delete your personal information by logging into our Apps using your username and password and visiting your account profile page.com to request correction or deletion of any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. If you withdraw a registration or cancel a subscription we may retain your personal information in our records and we may continue to use and disclose that data in a manner consistent with this Policy, unless you request deletion of it.
Notifications and Location Services
When you access our Apps, you may be asked whether you will allow us to access your location while you are not using the app and/or whether you would like to receive notifications on your mobile device. If you click “allow” but change your mind at any time in the future and no longer wish to allow us to access your location and/or to receive notifications, you will be able to opt-out by updating the privacy settings on your mobile device.
Cookies
You may set your mobile device to refuse all or some cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Apps may not function properly or may no longer be accessible.
Security
BANGLALINK has implemented reasonable security measures designed to protect the information collected via our Apps from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Access to data and technology relating to user information is password-protected and limited to authorized personnel and those vendors that require access to the information in order to furnish services to BANGLALINK. In addition, BANGLALINK uses industry standard technology to keep users’ information secure while residing on BANGLALINK’s servers. In addition, the transmission of information via the Internet or mobile data networks could be intercepted by third parties. As a result, our efforts to protect our data and users’ data from unauthorized access may be unsuccessful and we cannot assure you that the security measures we have adopted will provide absolute certainty. By using, accessing or registering with the Apps, you agree that BANGLALINK is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort arising from or relating to any breach of our security, circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures, or interception of your transmissions (see also Terms of Use). Any transmission by you is at your own risk.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to our Apps or certain functions within our Apps, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Children’s Information
Our Services are not intended for children under 13 (thirteen) years of age and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 (thirteen).
International Users
BANGLALINK is based in Bangladesh and, regardless of where you use our Apps, the information collected as part of that use will be transferred to and maintained on servers located in the Bangladesh. Any information we obtain about you will be stored in accordance with Bangladesh privacy laws, regulations, and standards, which may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. By using our Apps, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in Bangladesh in accordance with the foregoing.
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to update or modify Toffee or this Policy or its Terms of Use at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Any revisions to this Policy will be effective upon posting. You should review this Policy periodically to ensure you are aware of any changes. If you object to any changes to this Policy, you must cease using Toffee. Please review this Policy periodically by visiting the Toffee platform. This Policy was last updated on the date indicated at the top of this page. Your continued use of Toffee after any changes or revisions to this Policy indicates your agreement to the terms of the revised Policy and further, that you shall be deemed to have consented to the access, use or transfer of personal/identity information belonging to you as set out in the revised Policy (as the case may be).
Third Parties Website
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses only the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. We do not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
General
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All amended terms automatically take effect instantly when you access or use Toffee service (Website, App) after the amendments are posted.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns relating to this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us as at
info@banglalink.net
Download Toffee for FREE
User Terms & Conditions
© 2021 Toffee, All Rights Reserved.