Zeopoxa
Privacy Policy
Effective: 15 July 2022
We value the trust that you place in us by sharing your personal data with us. Zeopoxa takes your privacy seriously and is committed to handling your personal data in a way that is fair and worthy of that trust. Zeopoxa will take all reasonable steps to protect your information from misuse and to keep it secure.
We believe it is important to inform you about how we will use your personal data. Therefore, we encourage you to carefully read this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), which describes our privacy practices and the rights and choices you have regarding your personal data.
Our Privacy Policy explains the information we collect and how we use it.
This policy was written in English. To the extent a translated version conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. Unless indicated otherwise, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party products or services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with on or through our websites and the related mobile applications and services (collectively, the “Services”).
What we collect?
Zeopoxa applications collect your Age, Height, Weight and Gender and save it only on your own device,
we do not send this information anywhere else.
We may collect information from you through third parties, such as when we collect your feedback through surveys (App name, Android OS version on your phone, your phone manufacturer and model and app version). This is for faster solving problems and bugs you report to us.
How we use collected information?
We use the information we collect and receive to provide the Services, including providing you with the ability to:
Record your activities and analyze your performance. For example to analyze your workout (App is using Age, Height, Weight and Gender to calculate calories burned during workout), and (with your consent) use your heart rate information to provide you with interesting and useful performance analysis.
We use your Age, Height, Weight and Gender in BMI calculator inside the app to calculate and show you your BMI index.
We use the information you send to us (thru feedback over mail) to provide support in response to your requests and comments.
Advertising
We may use Service providers to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service.
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
What happens when I link to or from another website?
Our Website and Applications may contain links to other websites. Our Policy does not apply to the practices of other websites and Zeopoxa is not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave our Website or Applications and to read the privacy policies of each website that you visit.
Privacy Policy Information
Zeopoxa reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review it occasionally. If Zeopoxa makes changes to this Privacy Policy, the updated Privacy Policy will be posted on the Services in a timely manner and if we make material changes, we will provide a prominent notice. If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Services.
How do I contact you about privacy-related questions?
If you have questions or comments about our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail: support@zeopoxa.com
Help & Troubleshooting
support@zeopoxa.com
Tracking apps
Fitness apps
Quiz apps