Cashzine - Privacy
Cashzine Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 02 November 2018
Updated: 22 Feburary 2020
Cashzine is an information aggregator inclusive of multiple categories for our users to read every day, in order to assist them in developing a good reading habit. This Guideline will explain how Cashzine collects, uses and stores your personal information, along with the rights you are entitled to. We will use this Guideline to explain the relevant details, including the following:
i. We will describe the types of personal information we collect and their corresponding use in order for you to understand how we collect specific types of personal information for a particular function, the reasons for its use and the methods of such collection.
ii. Whilst using some features, we will collect your personal information after obtaining your consent. For example, when you use the function of ‘Cash-Out’ to withdraw cash, we will collect the information of your name, bank account name, bank account number, mobile phone number or PayPal ID etc. Unless it is required by the relevant laws and regulations for you to provide such information, refusing to provide such information will only result in your not being able to use the specific functions relating to such information, but does not affect your normal use of other functions of Cashzine.
iii. At present, Cashzine will not actively share or transfer your personal information to any
            third parties outside of Cashzine. Where the sharing or transferring of your personal information arises in some
            other situation or you require us to share or transfer your personal information to a third party outside of
            Cashzine, we will directly obtain, or verify the third party has obtained your prior express consent to such
            share or transfer of your personal information. Also, we will evaluate the risks of such sharing or transferring.
iv. At present, Cashzine will not actively obtain your personal information from a third party
            outside of Cashzine. If there is a requirement to obtain your personal information indirectly from a third party
            for future business development purposes, we will clarify with you the source, type and scope of such personal
            information. For example, if the processing of personal information for a specific development is beyond the scope
            of what you originally agreed to provide to a third party, we will obtain your prior express consent before
            processing your personal information, and we will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations and require
            that the third party guarantees the legitimacy of the information provided.
1.The Information We Collect
In the process of using Cashzine service, Cashzine will, in accordance with the following ways, collect
            information provided by you during the use of the service or information generated by the use of the service, in
            order to provide such services to you, to optimize our services and protect your account security:
1.1 When you register with Cashzine service (or login by using third party of account authenrity
            from Google or Facebook account), we will collect your region, nickname, profile picture, and mobile phone number
            in order to assist you with completing Cashzine registration and to protect your Cashzine account security.
            If you do not provide such information, you may not be able to use our services properly.
1.2 When you use Cashzine’s service, in order to ensure the normal use of our services, to maintain
            the normal operation of our services, and to optimize and improve our services and protect the safety of your
            account, we will collect information about your device model, operating system, unique device identifier, login IP
            address, Cashzine version number, access network mode , type and status, the quality of your network, equipment
            accelerators (such as gravity sensing equipment), operation logs, service logs (such as the information you browse
            on Cashzine, or the information about service failure, referrer URLs etc.) and other log information. Such
            information is required to provide you with Cashzine’s service and are basic information which must be
            collected.
1.3 When you agree the Cashzine “Privacy Policy” to use ‘withdraw cash’ function. According to the developing condition of payment solution from different regions, we probably need to collect your payment receiving information   Inclusive of your name, bank account name and number, mobile phone number, email and PayPal ID and etc. Rejecting to provide such information may result in you being unable to use the Cashzine ‘withdraw cash’ service, but does not affect your normal use of Cashzine’s other functions.
1.4 When you use Cashzine with other interoperable software or hardware, providers of such software
            or hardware can, with your consent, obtain relevant information that you actively disclose or transmit on Cashzine.
            You should fully understand product features and information protection policy of other software or hardware before
            granting your consent.
In addition, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and national standards, in the following
            circumstances, we may collect and process your relevant personal information without asking for your consent:
1) When it is directly related to national interests such as national security and national defense,
            or it is directly related to major public interests such as public safety, public health, and public knowledge;
2) When it is directly related to a criminal investigation, prosecution, trial or execution of
            judgments;
3) In order to protect vital legitimate interests of you or of other individuals, such as right of
            life, property, and reputation, while it’s hardly to obtain the consent of the individual;
4) When the personal information is disclosed to the public by yourself;
5) When the personal information is collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as
            legitimate content reports, government information disclosure, etc.;
6) When it is necessary for entering into and/or performance of a contract to which you are the party;
7) When it is necessary for maintenance of the safe and stable operation of the products or services
            provided, such as discovering malfunctions and/or troubleshooting products or services;
8) When it is necessary for legitimate content reporting;
9) When it is necessary for conducting statistical or academic research which is for public interest,
            and when the results of academic research or description are provided externally, the personal information
            contained is de-identified.
10) Other circumstances as stipulated by laws and regulations.
Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a
            function or service is not in the above description and your information is collected, we will explain to you the
            type of information, the scope and the purpose of the information collection by means of page prompts, interactive
            processes, website announcements or other ways, to obtain your consent.
Please note that at present, Cashzine will not actively obtain your personal information from a third party
            outside of Cashzine. In the event that we need to obtain your personal information indirectly from a third party
            for future business developments, we will inform the source, type and scope of the use of your personal information
            to you prior to obtaining such information. For example, where Cashzine requires to process personal information
            for a specific development which is beyond the scope of what you originally agreed to provide to a third party, we
            will obtain your prior express consent before processing your personal information; In addition, we will strictly
            abide by the relevant laws and regulations, and require that third parties guarantee the legitimacy of the
            information provided.
2.Storage of Information
2.1 Where Information is Stored
We will act in accordance with laws and regulations and store personal information collected within the territory
            in local.
2.2 The Duration Storing Information
In general, we will only keep your personal information for the time necessary to achieve a specific purpose, for
            example:
Mobile phone number:
When you use Cashzine service, we will need to store your mobile phone
            number to ensure your normal use of the service; when you delete your Cashzine account, we will delete the
            corresponding information;
3.Information Security
We strive to secure users' information to prevent information leakage, improper use, unauthorized access or
            disclosure.
We will use a variety of security measures to ensure the security of information within reasonable security
            standards. For example, we will use encryption technology (for example, SSL), data anonymization and other means to
            protect your personal information.
We use ever-improving technical means to enhance the security of the software installed on your device to prevent
            your personal information from leaking. For example, we will perform partial information encryption on your device
            for secure transmission; to prevent viruses, Trojans or other malicious programs or website, we will collect the
            information about applications installed on your device or process information regarding the running application.
We have set up specialized management systems, processes and organizations to ensure the security of information.
            For example, we strictly limit the range of people who may access such information and require them to comply with
            the confidentiality obligations and conduct audits.
In the case of information leakage or other incidents involving information security, we will initiate
            contingency plans to prevent the wide spread of security incidents and inform you in the form of push notifications
            and announcements.
4.How We Use Information
We may use information collected by certain features for our other services. For example, we may use the
            information we collect when you use one of our features, and provide you with specific content in another service,
            including, but not limited to ads, information security tips for content you have read, indirect crowd portraits
            based on feature tags, and providing more accurate and personalized services and content.
In order to ensure the security of our services, and to enable us to better understand the operations of our
            applications, we may record information such as your frequency of using our applications, crash logs, overall
            usage, performance data, and the sources that apps are installed from. We will not combine the information stored
            in the analytics software with any personally identifiable information you provide in the application.
Where we utilize your personal information beyond the scope of our collection statement or a direct or reasonable
            connection, we will inform you and obtain your prior express consent again before using your personal information
            in such situations.
5.External Parties
At present, we will not actively share or transfer your personal information to a third party outside of
            Cashzine. If there are other circumstances in which your personal information is to be shared or transferred or
            where you require us to share or transfer your personal information to a third party outside of Cashzine, we
            will directly obtain or verify the third party has obtained your prior express consent to such share or transfer of
            your personal information.
We will not publicly disclose personal information collected by us. If we have to disclose such information
            publicly, we will inform you of the purpose of such disclosure, type of information disclosed and the sensitive
            information that may be involved, and obtain your prior express consent.
As our business continues to develop, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, transfers of assets, etc. We will
            inform you of such circumstances and continue to protect your personal information and require new controllers to
            continue to protect your personal information in accordance with the laws and regulations and the standards as
            strict as required by this Guideline.
In addition, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and national standards, in the following
            circumstances, we may share, transfer, or publicly disclose personal information without prior consent of the
            subject of personal information:
1) When it is directly related to national security or national defense;
2) When it is directly related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;
3) When it is directly related to a criminal investigation, prosecution, trial or execution of
            judgments;
4) When it is for protecting vital legitimate interests of you or of other individuals, such as right
            of life, property, and reputation, while it’s hardly to obtain the consent of the individual;
5) When the personal information is disclosed to the public by yourself;
6) When the personal information is collected from legally publicly disclosed information, such as
            legitimate content reports, government information disclosure, etc..
6.Your Rights
During your course of using Cashzine, in order to provide you with an easier way to access, change, delete
            your personal information while ensuring you with the right to withdraw your consent regarding the use of personal
            information and the right to cancel your account, we have provided you with the applicable function when designing
            the product.
7.Amendments
We may revise this Guideline in due course. In the event where the terms of this Guideline are amended, we will
            show you amended Guideline by way of push notifications and/or pop-up windows when you log in or when the APP
            version has been updated. Please note that we will follow the updated Guideline to collect, use and store your
            personal information only after you have tapped on the consent button in the pop-up window.
8.Protection of minors
We place great importance in the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age
            of 18, according to the relevant laws and regulations, your parents’ or legal guardian's written consent should be
            obtained prior to you use of Cashzine service.
9.Contact us
If you have any other complaints, suggestions, or querries regarding personal information of minors, please
            contact us at cashzine.help1@gmail.com.
            We will review your queries as soon as possible and respond within thirty days after verifying your identity.