Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Sumeru Sky Developers
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
June 07, 2022
Sumeru Sky Developer, we recognize that privacy is significant.This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Sumeru Sky Developer  Applications on all Platforms.
1.OverView :-
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by Sumeru Sky Developer  through our Mobile Applications and how we use that information. Also Our Product Category such as Photography, Video,Tools, Entertainment,Utility, Personalization. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage,statistics, input while using Sumeru Sky Developer  would be collected. By using our apps you understand and agree that we are Providing a Platform for you to Post content,including Photos, Voices, Comments and Other Materials, to the Product and to share User Content Publicly.
2) Information that we collect :-
Information that we get about you from other services Such as Google Play and others. This information includes:
Read your text messages (SMS or MMS) :-
We do not save or upload your messages. We use this Permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Read phone State and identity :-
This permission allows Sumeru Sky Developer  to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller name while some one is calling, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Take Pictures and videos :-
This Permission allows Sumeru Sky Developer  to use your device’s camera to take Photos / Videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash.We do not save or upload your photos/videos.
Read Your Contacts :-
Sumeru Sky Developer  does not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts Sumeru Sky Developer  bar.
Anonymous identifiers :-
we use anonymous identifiers when you interact with services such as advertising services and others.
Photos,Media,Files :-
We can not access any personal pictures,Videos or any Files for personal use, User can Access his selected pictures only for making a photo frame,video,we can not collect those photo,Video or any files.
Adjust your wallpaper size :-
This permission allows users to crop Sumeru Sky Developer  wallpaper to the desired size.
Set wallpaper :-
This permission allows users to set a selected Sumeru Sky Developer  image as their wallpaper.
Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi :-
This permission is used in Sumeru Sky Developer  settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
Device information :-
Device-specific information such as your hardware model and operating system version. We DO NOT collect any of your unique identification.
Camera :-
We can access camera for take a photo of user in creating her/his photo frame and we can not access his personal photo or any personal videos.
Microphone :-
we can use a microphone for entertainment purpose only, in some app only. we can not collect any personal voice or recording.
Accounts :-
Sumeru Sky Developer  is never collect any personal accounts or account ids for personal use.
3) How we share your information :-
We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public or Sumeru Sky Developer .
4) Children's Privacy :-
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
5) Changes to the Privacy Policy :-
Sumeru Sky Developer  may, in its sole discretion, Change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically..
6) Personal Information :-
Personal information is which specifically identifies you as an individual and might include your Name, Email Address, Mailing Address, and Phone Number data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person. We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our website or our products, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error report or participate in online surveys and other activities. Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.
7) Non- Personal Information :-
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances: To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, to solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising. We may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, Installed data, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel. If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
8) How we Protect your information :-
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However,please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
9) Security :-
Sumeru Sky Developer  is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
10) Advertisement in App :-
We use Google Admob SDK for advertisements in our applications. There could be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects.
11) Contact us :-
If you have any Suggestions,Feedback or Requests, Please Contact us on our Email us at
sumeruskydevelopers@gmail.com
Thank You…
Copyright ©2022 All Rights Reserved | Sumeru Sky Developer
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Sumeru Sky Developers
Visit profile
Archive
June 2022
1
Report Abuse