Privacy Policy of MOLDIV
This Privacy Policy was updated on March 01, 2021.
Your privacy is important to us.
We do not collect, store or share personal information.
This privacy policy details very limited and Non-Personally Identifiable Information we may gather.
This Application solely use your Non-Personally Identifiable information for providing and improving our services and products. By using this Application, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Data Controller and Owner
JellyBus Inc. - 4F, Woorim E-Biz Center 2, 12, Digital-ro 33-gil, Guro-gu, Seoul (Korea),
legal@jellybus.com
Types of Information collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third-parties, there are Usage Data, Cookies, and Device Identifiers.
Other Information collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Information collection.
The Information may be freely provided by the User or collected automatically when using this Application.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain information may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Information of third parties obtained, published, or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Information
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Information
The Non-Personally Identifiable information concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes:
Analytics, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Displaying content from external platforms and Access to third party services' accounts. Advertise products and services by Third-party  advertisers.
The Information used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Information
Personal Information is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third-party services' accounts
These services allow this Application to access Data from your account on a third party service and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
Third-Party Service
Please be aware that while using the Services, you may be directed (via hyperlinks or other means) to, or be able to interact with, third-party websites, apps, services, and online communities that are not affiliated with us (such as Facebook, Twitter,  Instagram, and LinkedIn). Moreover, if the Services integrate with a third-party service, the application programming interface (API) that performs the integration will enable the relevant third party to serve you certain content as well as access some of your Account Content. For example, if you wish to upload or otherwise share your Account Content to an integrated third-party service such as Instagram or TikTok, or to make use of certain functionality in those services, the API will enable the applicable third party to access your Account Content (such as your photo library). Additionally, when you pay for fee-based Services or items, your payment will be processed by third-party payment processors, such as Google’s or Apple’s in-app purchase mechanism. Any personal data you provide in connection therewith is provided to the applicable third party.
We do not control and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of such third parties, or for their content, products, and services, and we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of each third party that you choose to use or interact with.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Flurry Analytics (Flurry, Inc.)
Flurry Analytics is an analytics service provided by Oath Inc.
This service is designed for mobile apps analytics and help us better understand user behavior. We treat information collected by Flurry Analytics as Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Even though we take your privacy seriously, we understand that you may still prefer to opt-out from being included in Flurry Analytics.
Information collected: Usage data (Non-Personally Identifiable Information)
Place of processing: USA –
Privacy Policy
Advertising
This app includes adverts.
We provide our partners with Non-Personally Identifiable Information about the way you use our app so they can advertise products and services that are more likely to be relevant to you.
Ad networks are companies that manage the advertising process on this and many other apps. For that reason, they may know information about you based on the way you use all the apps where they provide advertising services. They compile this information to paint a picture of which types of adverts you are likely to be interested in.
You can find out more about how they use your personal information here:
AdMob :
http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook :
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Further information about Personal Data
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User.
Location-Based Services
This Application provides you with location-based services (where those services are available in your jurisdiction and you choose to share your precise location with us).
purchases within the Services
If you choose to subscribe to one of our paid Services or to purchase items (such as Stock Content) through our Services, you will be required to provide certain billing information ("Billing Information"). Currently, for purchases made via an App, the applicable App Marketplace collects the Billing Information;
Any personal data you provide in connection therewith is provided to the applicable third party.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Information Possession and Duration of Use
We do not collect personal information.
In principal, we destroys personal information once the purpose of information collection has been reached. However, should there be a need to preserve personal information, according to internal policy or related legislative regulation, it may be stored for a certain amount of time.
Personal Information Destruction Procedure and Method
We do not collect personal information.
In principal, we destroys personal information once the purpose of information collection has been reached. When we destroy personal information, we take a measure to prevent the personal information from being recovered and recycled.
Legal action
The User's Personal Information may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal Personal Information upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Information upon request.
System Logs and Maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System Logs) or use for this purpose other Non-Personally Identifiable Information (such as IP Address).
Children Under 13
The Service are not meant for people under13.
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Service to children under 13. If we receive a valid notice through leagal@jellybus.com that a minor under age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will take measures to delete it as soon as possible.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Information may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Information has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller removes the Personal Information. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Information the Data Controller has about Users.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Information (or Personal Data)
Personal information means information that pertains to a living person, including the name, address, telephone number, email address, payment card number, government-issued identification number, etc., by which the individual in question can be identified, (including information by which the individual in question cannot be identified but can be identified through simple combination with other information).
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is data that cannot be used on its own to identify, trace, or identify a person. Under this Privacy Policy, non-personally identifiable information includes Usage Data, Cookies, Device Identifiers, hashed values (such as email addresses and other types of information that are transformed into a sequence of random-looking characters that are no longer recognizable as an email address), and IP addresses.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Information refer.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Information refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Information in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Information and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The hardware or software tool by which the Information of the User is collected.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your device's storage.
We use "cookies" to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Application.
※ Cookies Installation, Permissions and Settings (In the case of Internet Explorer) - On the top menu of web browser: Tools > Internet Options > Security
Personal Information Manager
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact Personal Information Manager : Heejung Kim,
heejung@jellybus.com
, +82-2-6941-0415