School Management Software System - School ERP Software
Login
About Us
Product
Blog
Clientele
Privacy Statement
Registration Information
How we use information
Information Storage and Sharing
Cookies
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
Certain Disclosures
What About Other Websites / Apps Linked to Our Website / App?
Children's Privacy
Data Retention
Spamming
Consequences of Violation
User Discretion and Choice/Opt-Out
Your Consent
How to contact us
Revisions to this policy
By using our Website / App or any of our products (including but not limited to Next Learning Platform, LearnNext, LearnNext+, NextCurriculum:Learn with NextBooks (CBSE,ICSE), NextGurukul, TeachNext @ Home or Next AR Pop-up Cards ), you agree to comply with our policies. Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services.
What Information Do we Collect?
When you visit our Website / App you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Website / App usage information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Website / App. Next Education India (P) Ltd. does not ask or request its user to share any Sensitive personal data or information, including financial information, physical, physiological and/or mental health condition, sexual orientation, medical history, biometric information, etc. Next Education India (P) Ltd. collects only general personal information of the user so as to provide the user with access to certain information, materials and services of Next Education India (P) Ltd.  Financial information such as bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instruments details are collected by Payment Gateways through whom the subscription payments are processed. Next Education India (P) Ltd. does not store or retain any such financial information.
By providing Us Your Information or by making use of the Next Education Services provided by the LearnNext App or Next Education platforms, You hereby consent to the collection, storage, processing, disclosure and/or transfer of any or all of Your Personal Information (as defined below), and Non-Personal Information (as defined below) by Next Education Entities, as specified under this Privacy Policy.
Our primary goal in doing so is to provide you a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our Website/Application to make your experience safer and easier. More importantly, while doing so we collect personal information from you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.
Personal Information - any information that relates to You, which, either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available is capable of identifying You as a person. Your personal information shall include but not limited to the following -
Your name, address, phone number, e-mail address and other demographic information.
Your date of birth, gender
Password
Any of the information received by Next Education Entities for processing, stored or processed under lawful contract otherwise.
Provided that, any information that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other law for the time being in force shall not be regarded as Personal Information.
Non-Personal Information- We may collect non-personal data while you access Next Education platforms via url, smartphones or any other mobile devices. This information shall not identify “you” as a person.
The devices and identification numbers of devices used by you to access Next Education platforms.
I.P address and information related to the I.P address.
Your geographic location, cookies stored on your browser/devices and behaviour on Next Education platforms.
The operating system of your device, browser, browsing behaviour and any other data as permitted to be stored by mobile app stores.
OTP sent to you by Next Education platforms exclusively to carry out transactions on Next Education platforms.
Your messages on message boards, chats or any other message/feedback areas shared on Next Education Platforms and Social Media.
Information may be collected in various ways and formats during the course of your visit or access to Next Education Platforms by way of -
Visiting Next Education platforms.
Registering on Next Education platforms as a “user” relationship that may be governed by terms and conditions listed on Next Education platforms.
Accessing, links, e-mails, notifications sent or owned by Next Education platforms.
Otherwise dealing with any of the Next Education Entities”
We and our authorized Business Partners may also collect information made publicly available through other third-party platforms, through online or offline databases that are otherwise legitimately obtained and are subject to the third party's terms of use and/or privacy statement.
We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your usage on our App. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behaviour to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis.
We and our authorized Partnersuse data collection tools such as cookies/similar,etc on certain pages of the app to help analyse our app page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie".
We and our authorized Partnersalso use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are session cookies, You are always free to decline our cookies if your device permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the app and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session.
Registration Information
You will provide us information about yourself that will enable us to verify whether you are entitled to access and use certain information, materials and services available from the Website / App Next Education India (P) Ltd This information may also be used to enable us to enhance your Site visit, to assist you with customer service or TEACHNEXT TECH SUPPORT issues, or to follow up with you after your visit, or to otherwise support your relationship with Next Education India (P) Ltd It is completely optional for you to participate. However, failure to participate may mean that you cannot access and use certain information, materials and services.
For example, we request information from you when you:
Log-on to certain areas of the Website / App Next Education India (P) Ltd where you may be prompted to provide us with your Log in Name and Password as a condition to gaining access to certain information, materials or services.
Register or sign-up to use a service.
Subscribe to a newsletter or desire to be added to our mailing lists for other products and services.
Place an order.
Provide feedback in an online survey.
In each of the instances above, we typically ask for your name, e-mail address, phone number, address, Log in Name and Password, as well as, other similar personal information that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers. On occasion, we may ask for additional information to enable us to provide you with access to and use of certain information, materials and services. In the case of newsletters or mailing lists, you will be able to "unsubscribe" to these mailers at any time.
Wherever Next Education India (P) Ltd collects personal information we make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
All the personal information collected is entered by you. Next Education India (P) Ltd. is not responsible for the authenticity of the personal information or any such other information provided by you.
While registering, you will choose a password and you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and the account. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur while using your password or your account. It is your duty to notify us immediately in writing of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security. We will not be liable for any loss that may be incurred by you as a result of unauthorized use of your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. You shall not use anyone else's password at any time.
In case you feel that any personal information shared by you is sensitive, you may contact the Grievance Officer mentioned herein in writing and inform him of the same.
How we use information
Next Education India Private Limited uses your personal information for specific purposes only. The personal information you provide us when using the website, such as your name, company’s name, e-mail address or telephone number, will be kept confidential and used to support your relationship with Next Education India Private Limited and to notify you of special offers, updated information and new products and services from Next Education India Private Limited, or offers from third parties that we think may be of interest to you, either through SMS, Email, WhatsApp or Phone call. Agents or contractors of Next Education India (P) Ltd who are given access to your personal information will be required to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Next Education India (P) Ltd.
Next Education aspires to deliver a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. We aspire to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our Website/Application to make your experience safer and easier. Next Education may collect, use, store and transfer your Personal Information and Non-personal information for the following purposes
Verification of your identity, access, privileges assigned in order to provide the services you request, or we intend to offer.
To resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote a safe service; collect money; measure consumer interest in our products and services,
To inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience and Improving your experience while using the application by presenting advertising, products and offers tailored to you.
To detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our terms and conditions; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
To analyse demographic and profile data about our users' activity on our app.
To help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our app. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Responding to the judicial process and providing information to law enforcement agencies or any government agency in connection with a query/investigation on matters as permitted by law.
Allow authorized/permitted parties to contact with You for products and services availed/requested by You on Next Education platforms or third party links visited by You.
For designing and marketing, Next Education products/services and its affiliates products/services.
To the extent we use your personal information to market to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses.
                  We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our app. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
We will occasionally ask you to complete optional online surveys. These surveys may ask you for contact information and demographic information (like zip code, age). We use this data to tailor your experience at our app, providing you with content that we think you might be interested in and to display content according to your preferences.
You can unsubscribe to any service of Next Education India (P) Ltd. at any point of time by sending an email to
unsubscribe@nexteducation.in
or contacting the Customer Care. However the terms of use that service would apply.
Next Education India (P) Ltd. has reasonable security practices to maintain confidentiality of the information provided by User.
Information Storage and Sharing
Next Education India (P) Ltd does not share your personal information with any third party. Next Education India (P) Ltd.may enhance or merge your usage information collected at its Website / App with data from third parties for purposes of marketing products or services to you. With respect to network advertising companies (companies that manage and provide advertising for numerous unrelated companies), to the extent that Next Education India (P) Ltd utilizes such advertising companies to provide advertisements on the Website / App, may provide them with your Sign in Name and any demographic information about you that we collect. Those advertising companies may combine that data with non-personally identifiable data collected by the advertising company from your computer, solely for the purpose of delivering on our Website / App, advertisements that are targeted to you.
Circumstances may arise where we are required to disclose your personal information to third parties for purposes other than to support your customer relationship with Next Education India (P) Ltd, such as in connection with a corporate divestiture or dissolution where we sell all or a portion of our business or assets (including our associated customer lists containing your personal information), or if disclosure is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations or proceedings.
We will send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. OnlyNext Education India (P) Ltd (or agents or contractors working on behalf of Next Education India (P) Ltd and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct mailings.
Your Personal Information shall be stored in electronic form with exceptions, wherein the data is required to be maintained in physical form in information and data centers located within Indian Jurisdictions.
                  Your information would be uploaded to learnnext.nexterp.in
Your data may be collected, stored and processed in countries other than Indian Jurisdictions by Us or our Service Providers as permitted under applicable laws
We may share personal information with our Business Partners/Service Providers and Next Education Entities for purposes defined under this Privacy Policy.
We may share personally identifiable information provided by you to Business Partners/Service Providers and Next Education Entities in the course of making transactions specifically requested by you.
Your data shall be shared with Service Providers that Next Education works with for services not limited to communication, marketing, data and information storage, transmission, security, analytics, fraud detection, risk assessment, academics.
Your data may be shared with the internal investigation department within Next Education Entities or agencies appointed by Next Education Entities for investigation purposes located within or outside Indian Jurisdictions.
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the general public.
We and our affiliates will share some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or re-organization, amalgamation, restructuring of business. Should such a transaction occur that another business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this privacy policy with respect to Your personal information.
Cookies
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Website / App, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Website / App can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Website / App to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
Use of cookies makes web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your Passwords, your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular Website / App and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Site will not function properly. You may note additionally that if you visit Next Education India (P) Ltd Website / App where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable, you may be required to accept cookies. Advertisers and partners may also use cookies. We do not control use of these cookies and disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
Google Analytics cookies - Google Analytics is software that lets us analyse how visitors use our site. We use this information to improve our website and provide the best experience to visitors. These cookies collect data in an anonymous form. Please see Google's
privacy policy
for further information.
Click here to opt-out of Google Analytics
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. This Site does not, however, provide facilities for the secure transmission of information across the Internet. You should be aware that there are inherent risks associated with the transmissions of Personal Information via the Internet.
If you do not wish to use the Internet to transmit personal information you can mail or contact us, Details are provided under 'How to Contact us'.
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by members inside and outside the company. We do not recommend transfer of sensitive information (such as credit card number) and bank account details via the Site to other Users. Users are recommended to do so offline, on the phone or via personal emails. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once We receive it. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. You therefore agree that any security breaches beyond the control of our standard security procedures are at your sole risk and discretion.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by contacting Next Education India (P) Ltd.
Certain Disclosures
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to
(a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on us or affiliated parties.
(b) protect and defend our rights and property, our site, the users of our site, and/or our affiliated parties.
(c) act under circumstances to protect the safety of users of our site, us, or third parties.
Links to Other Platforms - Our app links to other platforms may collect personally identifiable information about you. Next Education or Next Education Entities are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those linked platforms.
Information Breach - While We shall take all reasonable and appropriate processes and precautions to secure any Personal Information which We hold about You, You acknowledge that no data transmission over the internet is fully secure, so we cannot provide any assurance or warrant the security of any information you submit to us.
Review your Personal Information - You may review your Personal Information shared by You by logging info Next Education platforms using your secure login credentials and may notify Us in case of any change.
Indemnity - You shall indemnify and hold harmless the Next Education Entities, their officers, directors, contractors or agents and any third parties relying on the Information provided by You for any losses, including all claims, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, assessments, interest, awards, settlements, penalties, fines, costs or expenses, suffered, incurred, sustained by, or imposed on the Next Education Entities, as a result of, arising out of, with respect to, in connection with or by reason of a breach or non-performance of any of the terms, conditions, representations or warranties contained in this Privacy Policy by You.
Force Majeure - A Force Majeure Event shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of the Next Education and shall include but not limited to war, riots, fire, flood, acts of God, explosion, strikes, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage of energy supplies, Pandemic, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and storage devices, computer crashes ,acts of state or governmental action prohibiting or impeding Next Education Entities from performing its respective obligations under the contract.
Jurisdiction - This Privacy Policy is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Republic of India and any disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be subject to jurisdiction of the Courts of Hyderabad, India.
You further agree that such collection, use, storage, disclosure and/or transfer of Your Information shall not cause any loss to any other person. The information so provided by You may be shared to Next Education Entities and the third-party service provided on a need to know basis.
This disclosure may be required for us to provide you access to our Services, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our User Agreement, to facilitate our marketing and advertising activities, or to prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities related to our Services. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing and advertising purposes
What About Other Websites / Apps Linked to Our Website / App?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Websites / Apps linked to or from our Website / App nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Websites / Apps are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Website / App.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website / App to another Website / App, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Website / App, including Websites / Apps which have a link on our Website / App, is subject to that Website's / App's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children below the age of 15. If we learn that we have personal information on a child below the age of 15, we will delete that information from our systems. Even for personal information of children of the age of 15 years and above, the personal information is collected only for the purpose of their educational requirement and service needs as provided by this Website / App.
Data Retention
We will keep your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we are processing it, unless the law permits or requires longer. For example, we might need to keep your personal data for quality assurance of the service we have provided, or we might need to keep it to defend future legal claims or to comply with a legal obligation.
Spamming
sending unsolicited mail messages, including, without limitation, commercial advertising and informational announcements, is expressly prohibited. A user shall not use another site's mail server to relay mail without the express permission of the site.
It is contrary to Next Education India (P) Ltd policy for customers to use our servers to effect or participate in any of the following activities:
To post to any Usenet or other newsgroup, forum, e-mail mailing list or other similar group or list articles which are off-topic according to the agreement or other owner-published FAQ or description of the group or list;
To send unsolicited mass e-mailings, if such unsolicited e-mailings provoke complaints from the recipients;
To engage in any of the foregoing activities using the service of another provider, but channeling such activities through Next Education India (P) Ltd provided server, or using Next Education India (P) Ltd provided server as a maildrop for responses;
To falsify user information provided to Next Education India (P) Ltd or to other users of the service in connection with use of Next Education India (P) Ltd service.
Consequences of Violation
When Next Education India (P) Ltd becomes aware of an alleged violation of its Acceptable Use Policy, Next Education India (P) Ltd will initiate an investigation. During the investigation Next Education India (P) Ltd may restrict Customer 's access in order to prevent further possible unauthorised activity. Depending on the severity of the violation, Next Education India (P) Ltd may, at its sole discretion, restrict, suspend, or terminate Customer's account and pursue other civil remedies. If such violation is a criminal offence,Next Education India (P) Ltd will notify the appropriate law enforcement department of such violation.
User Discretion and Choice/Opt-Out
You agree and acknowledge that your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information out of your free will. You further agree to all the provisions of this Privacy Policy and authorise us to manage the data shared by your or collected by us to be used according to this Privacy Policy.
We provide all users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from us on behalf of our partners, and from us in general, after setting up an account. If you want to remove your contact information from all Next Education lists and newsletters, please click on the unsubscribe button on the emailers.
By using the Next Education platforms and/ or by providing your information, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the app in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to Your consent for sharing your information as per this privacy policy. You also grant permission to obtain information from your mobile device by way of using our app including contacts on your device in order to provide a better payment experience.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Your Consent
By using our Website / App you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, Please contact us at:
The Customer Grievance Officer
Next Education India Private Limited,
Sri Nilaya Cyber Spazio,
8-2-269/A/2/1-6, 1st floor, East Wing,
Road # 2,Beside Annapurna Studios
Banjara Hills,Hyderabad 500034.
Email:
Revisions to this policy
(last revised on 24 November 2021)
Next Education India (P) Ltd reserves the right to revise, amend or modify this policy at any time and in any manner it pleases. Any change or revision will be posted on our Website / App.
For any issue / concern, reach out to
info@nexteducation.in
Toll Free
1800-200-5566
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Disclaimer
Corporate Office
Sri Nilaya Cyber Spazio,
1st Floor, East Wing Road No. 2,
Near Annapurna
														Studios, Banjara Hills,
Hyderabad, Telangana 500 034, India
CIN - U72200TG2007PTC055933
Kochi
NO.CC 44/1095-C, C1, C3 AND C4 Mylaady Chambers,
Ground and First Floor, Pottakuzhy Cross Road,
Kaloor PO Kochi - 682 017, India
Noida
B-151, Ground Floor Sector 6,
Noida – 201 301, India
Middle East
135A, Hamash A Building (Ansar Gallery Complex),
Mezzanine Floor, Al Karama,
Dubai, UAE, P.O. Box: 122709
+971-549942285,
info@nexteducation.ae
Next Learning Platform. All rights reserved
Please select the one of the following
Request a Demo
Contact Support
Introducing
TeachNext Hybrid
, the classroom of the future! Create a seamless teaching-learning environment in any situation.
Click to know more.
Take your school to the
Next Level!
1800-200-5566
support@nexteducation.in
Name
School Name
Select Role
School Management
Principal
Teacher
Email*
Mobile*
By clicking on Submit, you agree to NextERP's
Terms and Service
and
Privacy Policy
Submit
By submitting you also agree to receive communication regarding NextSchool on email, SMS, WhatsApp and Phone call.
Thank you for contacting us
Your query has been received. At the most, it will be answered within the next two
                        working days.