Voice Dialer Privacy Policy – ArtostoLab Apps
Skip to content
ArtostoLab Apps
Menu
About
Privacy Policy
Voice Dialer Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Voice Dialer (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by ArtostoLab. The Application allows users to make calls using voice recognition.
Consent
By downloading, installing and using the Application you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you disagree you may uninstall the Application from your mobile device.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
Automatically Collected Information
We do not collect any of your personal data, however we use or may use third parties software like crash management software, analytics software or advertising network software that may collect certain anonymous information like the way you use the Application, your mobile operating system, type of mobile device, app logs, device language, whether the device is rooted, non-precise location information (e.g. your country).
How collected information is being used?
Advertising software will use collected information to serve to you targeted advertisements. Analytics software will use this data to show us statistics about app downloads, uninstalls and user behavior inside the app. Crash management software will use this data to notify us about technical problems with the Application so we can provide the best user experience.
Why Does the Application need access to my contacts?
The Application needs access to your contacts data to check if name recognized by the Application (Voice Recognition Engine) is one of your contact’s name and to show you recently or frequently contacted people inside the Application. We do not store or send your contacts information anywhere, it’s only available inside your device and only for you.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only crash management software, advertising networks and analytics software may have access to information mentioned in
Automatically Collected Information
section
We may disclose Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
if ArtostoLab is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets you will be notified inside the app of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by notification inside the app. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at orange2lab@gmail.com
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...
Search
Search for:
Archives
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Flickr
Instagram
Website Built with WordPress.com
.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
ArtostoLab Apps
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
%d