Privacy Policy for [Apps Style]
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at [info.appsstyle@gmail.com ].
We consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by our Apps and how we use it.
Log Files
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (IP) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Our Advertising Partners
We may disclose Non-personal data to third parties or allow third party to collect Non-personal data through their own embedded system. In order to deliver ads to you the third party advertisement companies may place or recognize unique cookies and identify non-personal information.We use only AdMob by Google and Facebook Audience Network by Facebook. For more information please visit Google and Facebook Privacy Policies.
Information Collection and Use (third party)
We may use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. The information collects and shares automatically for advertising, analytics , and fraud prevention purposes.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the apps are ...
Google Play Services
Firebase Analytics
Facebook Audience Network
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook (Meta)
Children's Information
We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to observe, participate in and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Our Apps does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  If a parent or guardian believes that Our Apps has in its database the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact in the first paragraph) and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Permissions
Our Applications May require permission to perform certain task according to opertation and applications performances, but we do not collect any of the informations.
Permissions we require from users are  ...
Microphone Access
Modify or delete the content of your storage:
Read the contact of your USB storage:
Control vibration
Read Phone Status and Identity
Read your contacts
Camera and Flash Blinking
Find Account on device
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our Apps and regarding information shared and/or collected there.
This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than our Apps.
Consent
By using our Apps, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Update
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.