Privacy Policy
Discover
Learn
Support
About Us
Buy
Free Download
Manage your Zoner Account
≡
Privacy Policy
Privacy And Personal Data Protection Policy of ZONER a.s. ("ZONER")
Zoner Inc. is a subsidiary, 100% owned by the parent company ZONER a.s. Your data is stored as follows.
This policy applies for the web pages in the zoner.com domain, registered to and administered by ZONER.
ZONER is not responsible for the behavior of operators of web pages that have the same name or domain, but which are not registered to ZONER.
ZONER, considers all of the personal and other data it obtains to be strictly confidential. When processing this data, it abides by the relevant data-privacy law of the country where the headquarters ZONER a.s. is located—Czech Act no. 101/2000 Coll., on the Protection of Personal Data, in accord with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (the General Data Protection Regulation).
Every user has the right to be informed as to what data about them ZONER keeps on record and is entitled to change this data and/or to state in writing that they do not consent to its processing. Every user can also request the immediate erasure of all their personal data. Keep in mind, however, that this means losing the ability to easily keep up to date on news, tutorials and special discounts for long-term customers. When sending an erasure request, contact
admin@zoner.com
. Note that the law requires us to store certain information on purchases made, and thus we must store this particular information.
Automatically Collected Data Related to ZONER Webpage Visits
This type of data does not include personal data regarding the page visitor. Instead, it includes data identifying his or her internet address and geographical region (IP address), time and date of the visit, length of time spent on the ZONER pages, list of subpages visited within the ZONER pages, list of pages/phrases/files searched for on the ZONER pages, web browser used, operating system used, and monitor settings used. The data obtained is used for optimizing ZONER’s web presence.
Personal Data Provided by Visitor to ZONER Web Pages
“Personal data” below means data relating to a particular person, that is, a person who can be identified directly or indirectly. ZONER acquires only such data as must be available in order to perform the activities listed in this Policy.
Who May Access Personal Data; Personal Data Security
ZONER takes due care to ensure that the types of data mentioned in this Policy are available only to those employees of ZONER who must have access to it for activities (e.g. support) to the benefit of the person who provided the data to ZONER or to whom the data otherwise relates. “Employee” above means any employee of ZONER, its subsidiaries or branches. ZONER will never provide personal data to third parties without the awareness and agreement of the person to whom said data relates.
Individual processes initiated on a ZONER web page may be continued on the pages of another company when this is essential for their continuation (e.g. completion of a product purchase process via an e-shop, particularly payments via credit card). In such cases, personal data may be shared between ZONER and the company performing such continuation of a process. ZONER takes care to ensure that its business partners treat personal data in a manner in accord with the law and moral principles, but it also recommends that, in cases where data will be shared with a ZONER business partner, the person sharing personal data also familiarizes himself or herself with the personal data policy available on the web page of the given business partner.
The personal data that ZONER acquires is stored on servers that are protected against unauthorized access. Sensitive portions of the ZONER web pages may also be protected via a password defined by the visitor, who takes full responsibility for his or her behavior as regards password security and secure access to such protected areas. Personal data relating to payment via credit card is encrypted using modern techniques that make it impossible for outside parties to steal or abuse it. ZONER cannot take responsibility for unauthorized access to personal data that occurs during data transfers made possible by security failures in non-ZONER software. Such data transfers may take place when data is being delivered outside the structure that is under the exclusive control of ZONER. Thus any person transferring personal data does so at their own risk.
Purposes for Which Personal Data Is Used
Personal data acquired by ZONER is used in connection with activities that lead to outcomes requested by the visitor to the ZONER web pages or achieved in connection with an agreement between ZONER and the visitor. Typical activities include:
completing orders initiated by the customer via the ZONER web pages
completing credit card payments via the secure web pages of ZONER or its e-commerce partner
participation in a ZONER contest or survey
product registration, for the purpose of offering further support or providing discounted, etc. product upgrades
communication with a copy of a ZONER product running on a user's computer for the purpose of automatic product updates that improve it or remove program errors
sending of informational materials (e.g. bulletins/newsletters) containing necessary information and interesting facts related to the visitor's object of interest
Other appropriate telephone, postal, or e-mail communication
Public Areas of the ZONER Web Pages
Public areas of the ZONER web pages can include for example forums and mailing lists for which the visitor signs up using forms on the ZONER web pages. It is the visitor's decision as to whether or not his or her personal data will be displayed in these public areas in the course of communication with other participants of said public areas.
Google Analytics
Zoner has access to Google Analytics, an ad-network-powered overview of visitors’ interests and demographics.
Our visitors can unsubscribe from the Google Analytics advertising network service. They can also personalize their ads within the Google ad network using their ad settings.
No action of any kind will be taken to join together personally identifying information with non-personally-identifying information previously acquired via advertising in the cookie-based Doubleclick network. The exception to this rule is when Zoner expressly states it will join these two information sets, and you, the user, provide agreement (active confirmation) in advance.
Changes to Personal Data in the ZONER Archives; Queries and Claims in Connection with Personal Data Protection
Every user may request a change to, or immediate deletion of, his or her record in the personal data database. Such requests should be sent to technical support (support@zoner.com). Any queries regarding personal data protection not answered above can also be answered by contacting technical support.
ZONER reserves the right to change this policy due to changes of legislation, changes to ZONER business policy, or other reasons. These changes will tend towards an increase in the protection of personal data.
This Privacy Policy was originally prepared in the English language. Although ZONER may provide one or more translations for your convenience, the English version will control in the case of any conflict or discrepancy.
Last updated: 08-10-2021
What data do we store and why?
The Zoner Photo Studio order process at www.zoner.com
What Data Do We Store?
Name, surname, address, postal code, city country, and e-mail. For buyers that are companies, we also store the company name and its tax ID.
Why Do We Store It?
We store this data to ensure error-free delivery of goods and, after this, for license retrieval at the user’s request and for marketing purposes. We provide the necessary delivery data to the transport company. We will send you news or business messages by email. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time in the footer of each email or in the subscription settings of your Zoner account.
Where Is It Stored and for How Long?
Data on your order is stored on our own secured servers with no access of external subjects. The data is stored only for as long as you use Zoner Photo Studio application and then for 3 years, unless you delete your Zoner account (or 3 years from ordering physical goods), as GDPR requires.
What Data Is Not Stored?
For card payments, we do not store card information. We also do not store information on your PayPal account.
Zoner Account—license management
What Data Do We Store?
We store the user’s email address and the password for access to their Zoner Account. If the user attaches a photo, name or address to the account, we store it too. When a user is logging in via external services (Facebook, Twitter, or Google+), we also store data needed to connect to these services. When a user orders services over PayPal or Google Play, we log the order numbers/transaction numbers to enable verification of payment status and to enable refunds. We also store statistics on the use of software and online services (installation, updates, startup, etc.), which the user accesses using a Zoner account.
Why Do We Store It?
We store this data to ensure error-free delivery of goods and, after this, for license retrieval at the user’s request and for marketing purposes. We will send you news about the service you are using by email. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time in the footer of each email or in the subscription settings of your Zoner account.
Where Is It Stored and for How Long?
We store the data on our own secure servers. The data is stored only for as long as you use our online service and then for 3 years, unless you delete your Zoner account (as GDPR requires).
Zoner Photo Studio for Windows
What Data Do We Store?
When you install or update our software, we store your email address and the IP address for the last publicly available device on the route between our servers and your computer. If you have provided agreement (via the installer option for participating in program development by providing anonymous usage statistics), the application can collect and send anonymous data of a statistical nature regarding the use of ZPS. This is purely statistical data. It includes neither personal files (photographs, documents) nor any personally identifiable information.
During software installation, we may collect anonymous data connected with installation progress and installation failures to help us discover and quickly correct possible errors. Even in this case, sensitive information and files from your computer are never transmitted.
Why Do We Store It?
We use this data for marketing and development purposes (it shows us what features are used and how the software is used). We will send you news and a guide to the first steps in ZPS or business messages by email. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time in the footer of each email or in the subscription settings of your Zoner account.
Where Is It Stored and for How Long?
We store the data on our own secure servers. The data is stored only for as long as you use Zoner Photo Studio and then for 3 years, unless you delete your Zoner account (as GDPR requires).
The Zonerama.com online galleries
What Data Do We Store?
We store the user’s email address and the password for access to their Zoner Account. If the user attaches a photo, name or address to the account, we store it too.When a user is logging in via external services (Facebook, Twitter, or Google+), we also store data needed to connect to these services. The service stores all the photos you upload, as well as their metadata (EXIF information). We also store the time and IP address of the latest access.
Why Do We Store It?
We use this data to prevent errors in the service, to help resolve any errors that do occur, and for marketing purposes. We will send you news about Zonerama or business messages by email. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time in the footer of each email or in the subscription settings of your Zoner account.
Where Is It Stored and for How Long?
We store the data on our own secure servers. The data is stored only for as long as you use Zonerama service and then for 3 years, unless you delete your Zoner account (as GDPR requires). If you delete your Zoner account, we will store all data, including photos, for 30 days after deletion in case of recovery. Then it is deleted without the possibility of recovery.
The magazine Learn Photography at learn.zoner.com website and other language versions
What Data Do We Store?
We store only your email address.
Why Do We Store It?
Once a week, we will send you articles, fun facts and tips from the world of photography and ZPS X by email. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time in the footer of each email or in the subscription settings of your Zoner account.
Where Is It Stored and for How Long?
The data is stored on our own secure servers for 3 years, unless you delete your Zoner account (as GDPR requires).
The Zoner.com website and other language versions; the magazine.zonerama.com website and other language versions; the zonerama.com website
What Data Do We Store?
Besides the data mentioned above, we also store data on pages browsed, links visited, and paths through our website. This data is primarily stored in cookie files on your computer, and is anonymized. Your identity cannot be determined from any of this data.
Why Do We Store It?
This data is used primarily for marketing purposes and for processing by the services Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Wingify Visual Website Optimizer, and Facebook. (This precise list may change in the future, but the basic nature of the services used will stay the same.
Where Is It Stored?
The data is stored on our own secure servers and on the servers of the above-mentioned providers of analytical services.
Support for products in the Zoner Photo Studio family
What Data Do We Store?
When a user writes and requests support, we store their e-mail, or instead their telephone number where appropriate, if these are provided. Technical information—so-called “system information”—is also stored if this information is sent by the user.
Why Do We Store It?
Using this data, we can provide you quick and precise technical support. After answering your queries, we store this information in our support system. Thanks to this we can take advantage of it to provide better help to you in the future, as well as to other people with similar problems or questions.
Where Is It Stored and for How Long?
We store the data on our own secure servers. The data is stored for 3 years (as GDPR requires).
Facebook Uploader App
What Data Do We Store?
The only data, that we store, is Access Token for secure access to Facebook APIs. Other data, that we use but
do not store
, is e-mail and user photos.
Why Do We Store It?
We store the Access token to enable features as
Creating Zoner Account
To enable Facebook login to Zoner Account
Viewing users Photos in Zoner Photo Studio
Sharing links to users photos on Zonerama on Facebook Timeline.
Where Is It Stored and for How Long?
Access Token is stored on our own secured servers with no access of external subjects. The data is used only while using features stated above in Zoner Photo Studio application or Zonerama gallery.
English
Deutsch
Español
Česky
Slovensky
日本語
About Subscription
About Us
Contacts
Press Room
Privacy Policy
EULA
EULA - ZPC
Terms and Conditions
Cookie preferences
© 2023 ZONER, Inc., Powered by
ZonerCloud.com
Should we remember your language choice for the next time?
Yes, remember.
No, thanks.
Sprachwechsel für das nächste Mal behalten?
Ja, bitte.
Nein, danke.
Запомнить выбор языка?
Да, запомнить.
Нет, спасибо.
¿Recordar cambio de idioma para la próxima vez?
Sí, recordar.
No, gracias.
選択した言語を次回にも使いますか？
はい
いいえ