Privacy Policy – LovelyWholesale
Skip to main content
Submit a request
Submit a request
LovelyWholesale
Company Info
Our Store
Articles in this section
Contact Us
About Us
Copyright Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Store Policy
Privacy Policy
December 26, 2023 12:26
Updated
Overview
This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, shared and processed when accessing this website or using other services provided by its operator, including any written, electronic, and oral communications, online or offline, and purchases performed (collectively, the “Services” ) as well as the rights and choices you have associated with that information.
The Services include any services provided via this website, located at www.lovelywholesale.com (the “Website” ), our mobile applications (the “Apps” ), our accounts and fan pages on social media platforms (the “Social Media Accounts” ), and any other websites, pages, features, or content owned and operated by the Company that hyperlink to this Policy.
In this Policy, the terms “LovelyWholesale,” “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to FANG XIANG TRADING CO. The Site and the App are provided by FANG XIANG TRADING CO., please rest assured that all information about customers will not be disclosed to any third parties except for those who fulfill the delivery or any necessary process to check the order or payment. Secure Socket Layer (SSL), to process securely online credit card transaction. Your payment details is encrypted and cannot be read as it travels over the internet. Credit card numbers are not held in clear text within our web site.
Policy Modification
LovelyWholesale may change this Policy from time to time, to reflect how we process your data, and if we make changes, we will revise the effective date or last modified date at the top of this Policy. If we make changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will attempt to provide advanced notice (including via real- or near real-time disclosures) or otherwise via the Site, or by some other means of contact so that you have a reasonable opportunity to review the changes before you continue to use the Site or the Services. If you do not agree with the modified Policy, please stop using the Site, or the Services.
Please read our Terms and Conditions and this Policy before accessing or using our Services. If you cannot agree with this Policy or the Terms and Conditions, please do not access or use our Services. By using our Services, you accept the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy on the site you are using. By placing an order with us, you consent to us collecting and using your personal data as specified below in accordance with this policy statement.
1.
Privacy Ordinance
Lovelywholesale.com processes your personal data in accordance to Hong Kong's Privacy Policy Ordinance, the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Chapter 486 of the Laws of Hong Kong).
Our Website or App may contain links to third-party sites. This Policy does not apply to that third-party sites. We recommend that you read the privacy statements of any other sites that you visit, because we are not responsible for the privacy provided with our services.
Each countries may have data protection laws that are different in some respects than the laws of the Hongkong, we rely on appropriate safeguards as permitted under applicable law and standards. If you have questions or concerns regarding any information in this Privacy Policy, please contact us via our customer service and refer to the applicable data protection laws that is specific to your jurisdiction.
2. Right to modify this Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data, and if we make changes, we will notify you by revising the effective date or last modified data at the top of this Policy. If we make significant changes that materially affect your privacy rights, we will provide advanced notice and make that clear on the Lovelywholesale website or other Lovelywholesale services, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use the Services. Any changes made to these terms will be posted here so that you are always kept informed about the collection and the usage of your personal information. Your continued access or use of our Services after receiving the notice of changes, constitutes your acknowledgement that you accept the updated Policy.
3. Collection and Use of Personal Data
We will collect the shipping information of your order, including your name, address, telephone number, email address and anything else needed. This is necessary for us to process and fulfil your order.
And then we will use your email address to send you the tracking information after we ship it out.
What's more, we will contact you via email or phone if there is any problems with the fulfillment of your order.
At last, we may occasionally email you with updates of our arrivals or promotions if you have ever placed an order from us. You can click the unsubscribe link at anytime if you don't want to receive it.
(You can unsubscribe by using the link from any email newsletter or your personal subscribe setting after log in.)
Please note:
When communicating with us by email or through contact forms on our Services, or when you publicly share content through our Services, we ask that you please do not send us any sensitive information pertaining to yourself or to others. We do not collect or store sensitive information or special categories of information.
4.
Third Parties
The details you provide to us will not be sold to third party organizations; they may only be shared for the purpose of processing your chosen order as outlined above. Our site may contain links to and from other websites, advertisers and third parties, when click those links you must also view that websites own privacy policies as we do not shoulder any responsibility or liability that websites.
5. Cookies and others
We may use cookies, tags, web pixels, and similar technologies to automatically collect information on our Services. Cookies or tags are bits of code that allow our technology partners to collect information that usually does not directly identify you. If required by law, we will request your consent before using cookies or other tracking technologies. Information within this section describes our use of cookies and your ability to control the use of cookies for advertising-related purposes.
Cookies.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. In addition, most web browsers provide help pages relating to setting cookie preferences. More information may be found for the following browsers here:
Google Chrome
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Safari (Desktop)
Safari (Mobile)
Android Browser
Opera Mobile
If you set your browser to enable the cookies, you can delete cookies directly. If you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access secure areas of the Site. Also, if you disable cookies other parts of the Services may not work properly.
Analytics.
If you are not located in the European Countries, we may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Site. Presently, we use Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google LLC (“Google”) that tracks and reports Site traffic. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
Others:
We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect "clickstream" data, such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, your device type, IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on our Site, webpages viewed, content searched for, access times and other relevant statistics, and assign unique identifiers to the device or other credentials you use to access the Site for the same purposes.
Do Not Track
Some Internet browsers, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari, include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since uniform standards for “DNT" signals have not been adopted, our Site does not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals.
Location Information
You may be able to adjust the settings of your device so that information about your physical location is not sent to us or third-parties by (a) disabling location services within the device settings; or (b) denying certain websites or mobile applications permission to access location information by changing the relevant preferences and permissions in your mobile device or browser settings.
6. Security Precautions
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to guard and prevent misuse of your personal information. Our security measures include industry-standard physical, technical and administrative measures to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information.
The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. We strongly recommend that you use a secure method and use a complex password to help us ensure the security of your account. We also strongly advise that you neither share your password with others nor re-use passwords on our Services that you use on other sites or apps, as doing so increases the likelihood of your being the victim of a credential stuffing attack or other malicious cyber behavior. If you feel that the security of your account or personal data has been compromised, please immediately contact us for more help.
7. Your Rights
As explained in the “Overview” section above, the provider of Services varies depending on your country of residence when accessing and using the Services.
We attach great importance to your attention to personal information, and do our best to protect your rights to access, correct, delete, cancel your account, and withdraw your consent to our processing your personal information, so that you have the full ability to protect your privacy and security. To exercise your rights, you may contact us at our
Service Center
.
Access, Correction and Deletion of your Personal Information
You have the right to access, correct, or delete the personal information that we collect.
To protect the privacy and the security of your personal information, we may request data from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right to access such data, as well as to search for and provide you with the personal data we maintain. There are instances where applicable laws or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete some or all of the personal information that we maintain.
To exercise your rights, you may make updates within your customer account on the Website or App, or you may contact us. We may not accommodate a request to delete or change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Unsubscribe from Our Marketing Communications.
If you do not want us to use your email account to send you marketing emails or non-transaction promotional materials, please directly click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our email messages to you or contact us at our dedicated
Service Center
.
Lodging Complaints
If you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please contact us at our
Service Center
so that we may attempt to resolve any issues to your satisfaction.
Third-party Data Erasure
If you authorize or share your third-party information with us when using our services (such as social media sharing, third-party login, etc.), you can disable or stop authorization when you want to use your rights, please refer to the corresponding privacy policy of the third party websites or apps and log in to your third-party application account that can delete the relevant authorization record in the authorization list.
Most of the authorization and sharing interfaces provide disabling functions such as cancellation and deletion. It is as simple as unsubscribing sales email.
Most sharing or authorizations have an expiration date. Please refer to the corresponding third-party website for more details.
We will not store your shared information, the third-party data will be automatically cleared in 14-30 days.
8. Retention
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. We will retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
If you no longer wish to be our customer, or cease using or accessing our Services, you can request us to close your account and delete all personal information we hold about you via
Service Center
, subject to certain legal requirements.
If you send us correspondence, including emails, we retain such information electronically in the records of your account. We will also electronically retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence from us to you. We retain these records to measure and improve our customer service and to investigate potential fraud and violations. We may, over time, delete these records as permitted by law.
We will also retain Services usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Site, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
We will not save any payment and sensitive information, the third-party data will be automatically cleared in 14-30 days.
9. Children
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, children under the age of 16 or minors (as defined by applicable national laws). If you are a minor, please do not attempt to fill out our forms or send any personal information about yourself to us. If a minor has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us immediately to remove the relevant personal information and unsubscribe the minor.
If we become aware that a minor has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to promptly delete such information from our files. As described further in our Terms and Conditions , please do not upload photographs showing other people, in particular if they are minors.
10. Social Media Accounts
We operate accounts and fan pages on different social media platforms (the “Social Media Accounts” ).
If you visit one of our Social Media Accounts you initiate a variety of data processing operations. Below we identify the other types of entities with whom you may interact when you visit one of our Social Media Accounts. If you do not provide us with your personal data, certain functionalities of the social networking platforms requiring such data will not be available to you or only to a limited extent.
As the owner of a Social Media Account, we can usually only see information stored in your public profile on such social media platform, and only insofar as you are logged in to your profile while visiting our Social Media Account. In addition, we may process data that you provide to us when you contact us through one of our Social Media Accounts (for example: if you create a post, or send us a private message via Facebook). If you visit one of our Social Media Accounts, the operator of the respective social network also processes your data, regardless of whether you yourself have a profile in the respective social network. The individual data processing operations and their scope differ depending on the operator.
In addition, the respective operator of the social network provides us with anonymous usage statistics, which we use to improve the user experience. We do not have access to the usage data that the operator of the social network collects to create these statistics. These data processing operations serve our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our profile in line with the target group.
For details about the collection and storage of your data as well as the type, scope and purpose of their use by the operator of the social network, please refer to the privacy policy of the respective operator:
The privacy policy for the social network Facebook can be viewed at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
The privacy policy for the social network
Instagram
can be accessed at
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
.
The privacy policy for the social network
Twitter
can be found at
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
.
The privacy policy for the social network
YouTube
can be viewed at
https://www.gstatic.com/policies/privacy/pdf/20190122/f3294e95/google_privacy_policy_en_eu.pdf
.
The privacy policy for the social network
Pinterest
can be viewed at
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
.
The privacy policy for the social network
Snapchat
may be accessed at
https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy
.
The privacy policy for the social network
TikTok
may be accessed at
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy?lang=en&appLaunch=app#privacy-eea
.
You can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect and free of charge.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns regarding any information in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at our
Service Center
.
Back Home
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
0 out of 1 found this helpful
Have more questions?
Submit a request
Return to top
Related articles
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
About Us
Review Guidance
Welcome to be LW VIP MEMBER