PRIVACY POLICY
At Amila we respect your privacy. We use Privacy by Design principle to keep your data safe.
This privacy statement helps you to understand your rights and our obligations. It shows you how
    your data is being processed.
PURPOSE
The main purpose of information collection is to provide you with our service. We don't have
    ulterior motives and your information is not passed to any unaccepted third parties. Look below
    for the full list. We will only use your information for the following:
Provide a service for you
Customize and optimize your experience
Provide you with targeted advertisement
Identify and correct bugs and other problems with the app
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We only collect information that is needed for app functions.
When you install the app and agree to this policy, we start collecting the following info:
Pregnancy info: first day of your last period and due date.
Info on your contractions, kicks, weight, kegel exercises, notes and other activities you perform using the app.
Baby's info: date of birth, gender, weight, height.
App usage data
App configuration info like notifications, first day of week for calendar adjustment, etc
Identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier
        for iOS). You can turn of your mobile device identifier or change it anytime in your device
        settings.
STORAGE AND DURATION
We only store your personal information for as long as you're using our service. You can opt-out
    at any time in the app settings.
We will retain documents containing personal data:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal
        proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing
        information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk)
STORAGE AND INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We store your personal info on your device. Also we send some information to our partners.
    As result, your data may leave your country as our partners may have their servers in different
    regions like Northern America, EU or Asia.
THIRD PARTIES
To give you the most privacy guarantees and data protection assurance - we have carefully
    reviewed and vetted our third parties. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy
    policies and practices of third parties.
Google
Google helps us to collect analytics on app usage, roll-out changes quickly, customize app for
    segments on user base, run a/b tests to improve the app experience, prioritize and fix stability issues etc.
Also Google helps us to show targeted advertising to our users. To achieve this we are sharing your
    identifiers of mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID, Advertising Identifier for
    iOS) to Google and it's partners.
We send to Google the advertising ID from the device on which the ad is serving. Google use it to
    generate interests and demographics (for example, 'sports enthusiasts'). Interests,
    demographics, and other data may be used to serve better targeted ads to the user.
Other parties
In order to show personalised ads, we may share your Advertising ID with our partners. This allows the app to be free
    of charge. Our partners may collect this data as per their privacy policies.
SECURITY
We are committed to securing your information and we take reasonable physical, organizational and
    technical measures to protect your information against unauthorized access, use, disclosure,
    modification or destruction.
We implement practices, procedures and systems to comply with European General Data Protection
    Regulation (GDPR) to keep your data safe.
Although we take great efforts to protect your information, no security system can prevent all
    potential security breaches nor be immune from any wrongdoings or malfunctions.
YOUR RIGHTS
Everything starts and ends with your consent. If you do not agree to some of the purposes listed
    above, you can opt-out at any moment in the app settings.
You have the right to access, modify or delete your data.
When deleting app, your device may automatically backup your personal data. You can delete
    the backup in your device settings.
In the event of a data breach, and if there is risk to your personal information and online
    privacy, we will notify you.
CHILDREN'S RIGHTS
This service is intended for users over 18. If you suspect that your account or this service is
    being used by minors, please, write to us immediately.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at:
    developers.amila@gmail.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 18th, 2022.