Terms, Privacy, & Copyright - Coffee Meets Bagel
Home
Careers
CMB Culture
Open Positions
Blog
Help Center
Press
Terms, Privacy, & Copyright
Menu
You are here:
Home
/
Terms, Privacy, & Copyright
Terms, Privacy,
&
Copyright
Terms of Service
Last Updated: July 19, 2022
These Terms of Service (this “Agreement”) is between you and Coffee Meets Bagel, Inc. (“Coffee Meets Bagel” “we,” “us,” or “our”). By using our website, located at http://www.coffeemeetsbagel.com (“Website”), our mobile application available on Android and iOS devices (each, our “App”), and/or other services we provide (collectively, the “Services”) you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to be bound by this Agreement, you may not use the Services. Your use of, or participation in, certain Services may be subject to additional terms which will be presented to you when you access those Services.
1. Some initial things we want to make clear.
While all of these will be discussed in more detail below, we want to make a few important things clear up front:
You must be at least 18 to use the Services.
You may only create an Account for your actual self and must be truthful in what you put in it.
We do not routinely conduct background checks or verify the identity of our Users. But we may do so as part of our fraud detection and prevention process. Methods to verify identity include, but are not limited to, self photographs (“selfies”) with identifying characteristics, and government or military issued identification cards.
We do not guarantee anything about the Services, including the actions of our Users. We do not guarantee matches, the frequency of your matches, that you will be compatible with those you match with, or that the people you match with are safe people to meet. You must exercise your own diligence and caution in using the Services and communicating with its Users.
You have a right in some states to cancel this Agreement within 3 business days of registering for a premium account and receive a refund of any payments to us if you do so. Please see Section 20for more details.
Lastly, by using the Services, you are agreeing (with limited exception) to resolve any dispute between you and us through binding, individual arbitration, rather than in court. Please review Section 19below for details, including the procedure for opting out of arbitration.
2. Eligibility
You must be at least 18, or older if your jurisdiction requires
.
You must be at least 18 years old (or, if the age of majority is higher than 18 in your jurisdiction, then the age of majority in your jurisdiction) create an Account and use the Services. By creating an Account and/or using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old (or the minimum age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater).
You must be unattached and available
.
You may only use the Services if you are willing and capable of entering into a new romantic relationship and do not have an established monogamous romantic partner (“Unattached”).
You may not have a criminal record
.
You may not use the Services if you have been convicted of a felony, are required to register as a sex offender with any government entity, and/or are identified as a “Specially Designated National” (as such list may be updated from time to time, available at
https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx
). If any of the foregoing become applicable to you after you have created an Account, you must delete your Account immediately and you may no longer use the Services. We do not conduct criminal background screenings on Users. However, we reserve the right to conduct any criminal background check, at any time and using available public records, to confirm your compliance with this subsection.
3. Use of the Service
Creating an Account on Coffee Meets Bagel
.
In order to use Coffee Meets Bagel, you must create an account with us (an “Account”) by first logging in with your Facebook account or by providing your phone number. If you choose to create an Account by logging in with Facebook, you authorize us to access and use certain Facebook account information, including but not limited to your public Facebook profile photographs, personal information, and Facebook friends (to display common friends with other Users). For more information regarding the information we collect from you and how we use it, please consult our Privacy Policy.
Your Account is only for you
.
You may only access and use your Account in accordance with this Agreement and for your personal use to find and communicate with potential dating partners. You may not authorize others to access or use your Account, and you may not assign or otherwise transfer your Account to any other person or entity. You acknowledge that we are not responsible from any third party access to your Account, particularly any such access that results from theft or misappropriation of your Account or Facebook account’s login credentials. You agree to immediately notify Coffee Meets Bagel of any disclosure or unauthorized use of your login credentials at
[email protected]
.
Accessing the Services from outside the United States
.
Using the Service may be prohibited or restricted in certain countries. If you use the Service from outside of the United States, you are fully responsible for complying with the laws and regulations of the territory from which you access or use the Services.
You are responsible for any content you submit
.
You are solely responsible for, and assume all liability regarding, any information and content you provide or otherwise make available on the Services, including without limitation text, images and video in your profile and in your communications with other Users (“User Content”).
No contact information in your profile
. You agree not to post any contact information such as your phone number and email address in the body of your profile.
4. Changes to Agreement or Services
We may update this Agreement at any time, in our sole discretion. If we do so, we’ll let you know either by posting the updated Agreement on the Site and App or through other communications. It’s important that you review the Agreement whenever we update them or you use the Services. If you continue to use the Services after we have posted an updated Agreement, you are agreeing to be bound by the updated Agreement. If you don’t agree to be bound by the updated Agreement, then, except as otherwise provided in Section 19(f)“Effect of Changes on Arbitration,” you may not use the Services anymore. Because our Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.
5. General Prohibitions
You agree not to do any of the following:
Post, upload, or transmit any User Content that (i) is threatening, defamatory, abusive, harassing, degrading, intimidating, fraudulent, false, misleading, deceptive, invasive, racist, or contains any type of offensively suggestive, inappropriate, or explicit language or confidential, non-public information about any third party; (ii) is threatening, vulgar, offensive, or pornographic; promotes or threatens violence or actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence; (iii) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (iv) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; (v) infringes, misappropriates, or violates a third party’s trademark, patent, trade secret, copyright, moral rights or other proprietary rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (vi) contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising or commercial communications (such as spam or multi-level marketing); (vii) impersonates any person or entity, including any Coffee Meets Bagel employees or representatives; or (vii) promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances;
Collect User Content, personally-identifiable information or any other information, or otherwise access the Services, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, scrapers, or other means);
Advertise any product or service, including any engagement in multi-level marketing or “pyramid schemes” on the Services;
Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Services;
Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing our trademarks, logos, URLs or product names without our express written consent;
Use the Services, or any portion thereof, for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by this Agreement;
Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information;
Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Services;
Attempt in any way to obtain the login information of or otherwise access an Account belonging to someone else;
Bully, intimidate, or harass any User;
Use, display, mirror or frame the Services or any individual element within the Services, our name, any Coffee Meets Bagel trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without our express written consent;
Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
Engage in any activity or use any program that could disable, overburden, or impair the proper working or our set appearance of the Services, such as a denial of service attack, interference with page rendering, or using a program that interferes with other Services functionality; and
Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.
Although we’re not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or to review or edit any User Content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with this Agreement and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any part of the Services, including any User Content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider any of the foregoing to be objectionable or in violation of this Agreement. We have the right to investigate violations of this Agreement or conduct that affects the Services. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities, including by sharing any User Content, as requested by law enforcement or as we, in our sole discretion, deem necessary to protect the safety or wellbeing of our Users or any other person.
6. Content Ownership
Your license to us of User Content
. By submitting any User Content, you (i) represent and warrant that you have all the appropriate rights and permission (including getting permission from others in photos you provide) to provide such User Content to us, and (ii) grant us a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any such User Content in connection with operating and providing the Services to you and other Users, for marketing and internal research purposes, and for external research purposes (for external research, any information will be provided in anonymized and aggregated form). You also represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor your use and provision of your User Content to be made available through the Services, nor any use of your User Content by us on or through the Services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party’s intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
Deleting your User Content
. You may delete your User Content via the functionality of the Services. However, you understand that removed User Content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).
Our ownership
. We do not claim any ownership rights in any User Content and nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Content. Subject to the foregoing, We and our licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including all associated intellectual property rights. You acknowledge that the Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services.
Our license to you
. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, we grant to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download, view, and, display the content made available on the Services solely in connection with your permitted use of the Services and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.
7. Feedback
We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services (“Feedback”). You can submit Feedback by emailing us at
[email protected]
or via the functionality of the Services. You grant to us a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose.
8. One-Time Payments and Subscriptions
Coffee Meets Bagel may offer from time to time certain premium services for a fee. You have the option of making a one-time payment (“One-Time Payment”) or purchasing a subscription (“Subscription”) for such premium services. By way of example, some of these premium services may include message read receipts, additional matches in a day, or profile picture appraisals.
General.
Whether you make a One-Time Payment or purchase a Subscription (each, a “Transaction”), you expressly authorize us (or our third-party payment processor, which may be the applicable App Store (defined below)) to charge you for such Transaction. We may ask you to supply additional information relevant to your Transaction, including your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card and your email and postal addresses for billing and notification (such information, “Payment Information”). You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use all payment method(s) represented by any such Payment Information. When you initiate a Transaction, you authorize us to provide your Payment Information to third parties so we can complete your Transaction and to charge your payment method for the type of Transaction you have selected (plus any applicable taxes and other charges). You may need to provide additional information to verify your identity before completing your Transaction (such information is included within the definition of Payment Information).
Subscriptions
. If you purchase a Subscription, you will be charged the Subscription fee, plus any applicable taxes, and other charges (“Subscription Fee”), at the beginning of your Subscription and each subscription period thereafter (the period of which is communicated to you at the time of your Subscription), at the then-current Subscription Fee. If you purchase a Subscription, unless you cancel your subscription before the end of your current Subscription period, your subscription will automatically renew, and we (or our third-party payment processor) will automatically charge you each year on the commencement of each renewed Subscription period, using the Payment Information you have provided. Your subscription will continue to automatically renew until you cancel your Subscription. By agreeing to this Agreement and electing to purchase a Subscription, you acknowledge that your Subscription has recurring payment features and you accept responsibility for all recurring payment obligations prior to cancellation of your Subscription by you or Coffee Meets Bagel. Your Subscription continues until cancelled by you or we terminate your access to or use of the Services or Subscription in accordance with this Agreement.
Cancelling One-Time Payment or Subscription
. Except as explicitly set forth in Section 20below, YOUR PURCHASE IS FINAL AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO CANCEL THE PURCHASE AND/OR RECEIVE A REFUND OF ANY ONE-TIME PAYMENT OR SUBSCRIPTION FEE AT ANY TIME. if something unexpected happens in the course of completing a Transaction, we reserve the right to cancel your Transaction for any reason; if we cancel your Transaction we’ll refund any payment you have already remitted to us for such Transaction. Without limiting the foregoing, you may cancel your Subscription at any time, but please note that such cancellation will be effective at the end of the then-current Subscription period. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH ABOVE, YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE A REFUND OF ANY PORTION OF ANY SUBSCRIPTION FEE PAID FOR ANY SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD AT THE TIME OF CANCELLATION. You will be responsible for all Subscription Fees (plus any applicable taxes and other charges) incurred for the then-current Subscription period. You may cancel your subscription via the functionality of the App Store or the App. If you cancel, your right to use the Subscription features of the Services will continue until the end of your then current subscription period and will then terminate without further charges.
9. Rights and Terms for Apps
Rights in App Granted by Coffee Meets Bagel
. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, Coffee Meets Bagel grants to you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download and install a copy of the App on a mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of the App solely for your own personal non-commercial purposes. You may not copy the App, except for making a reasonable number of copies for backup or archival purposes. Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, you may not: (i) copy, modify or create derivative works based on the App; (ii) distribute, transfer, sublicense, lease, lend or rent the App to any third party; (iii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the App; or (iv) make the functionality of the App available to multiple users through any means. Coffee Meets Bagel reserves all rights in and to the App not expressly granted to you under this Agreement.
Accessing the App from App Store
. Certain App Providers require us to pass one certain terms to you. The following terms apply to any App accessed through or downloaded from any app store or distribution platform (like the Apple App Store or Google Play) where the App may now or in the future be made available (each an “App Provider”). You acknowledge and agree that:
This Agreement is concluded between you and Coffee Meets Bagel, and not with the App Provider, and Coffee Meets Bagel (not the App Provider), is solely responsible for the App.
The App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App.
In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the App Provider, and the App Provider will refund the purchase price for the App to you (if applicable) and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the App Provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Coffee Meets Bagel.
The App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App or your possession and use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection, privacy, or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the App or your possession and use of that App infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Coffee Meets Bagel will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by this Agreement.
The App Provider, and its subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement as related to your license to the App, and that, upon your acceptance of this Agreement, the App Provider will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement as related to your license of the App against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof.
You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist-supporting country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You must also comply with all applicable third party terms of service when using the App.
10. Risk Assumption and Precautions
You assume all risk when using the Services, including but not limited to all of the risks associated with any online or offline interactions with others, including dating. We are not responsible for the conduct of our Users or their compatibility in any capacity with you or other Users. You agree to take all necessary and appropriate precautions when sharing your personal information, communicating with other Users, and meeting other Users in person. You understand that we do not (except as described in this Agreement) conduct background checks, or verify the identity, profile pictures, or any other User Content. You are under no obligation to use the Services, continue to communicate with any User, or to match with or meet anyone from the Services.
11. No Guarantees
You understand that Coffee Meets Bagel does not guarantee you any matches, does not guarantee any number or frequency of matches, or the accuracy, availability, or other attributes of any User. You understand that Coffee Meets Bagel makes no guarantees about the Services, either explicit or implied, including your compatibility with any other User.
12. Reporting of Violations; General Contact Info.
If you discover any violation of the Agreement by others, please report it to us at
[email protected]
. You may also use this address to contact us with any questions you may have about the Services.
13. Third Party Links
The Services (including the App) may contain links to third-party websites or resources. We provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products or services on or available from those websites or resources or links displayed on such websites. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party websites or resources.
14. Disclaimer of Warranty
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any Content.
15. Limitation of Liability
NEITHER COFFEE MEETS BAGEL NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOST SAVINGS, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT COFFEE MEETS BAGEL OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN NO EVENT WILL COFFEE MEETS BAGEL’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES EXCEED THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID TO COFFEE MEETS BAGEL FOR USE OF THE SERVICES OR FIFTY DOLLARS ($50), IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD ANY PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS TO COFFEE MEETS BAGEL, AS APPLICABLE.
THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN COFFEE MEETS BAGEL AND YOU.
16. Indemnification
You will indemnify and hold harmless Coffee Meets Bagel and its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to or use of the Services, (ii) your User Content, or (iii) your violation of this Agreement.
17. Termination
We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you. You may delete your Account, or put your Account on hold at any time by sending an email to us at
[email protected]
or via the functionality of the App; deleting your Account is your sole method of terminating this Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, the following will survive Sections 3(d),6(c),7,14,15,16,18,19,21, and this sentence of Section 17.
18. Governing Law and Forum Choice
This Agreement and any action related thereto will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 19“Dispute Resolution,” the exclusive jurisdiction for all Disputes (defined below) that you and Coffee Meets Bagel are not required to arbitrate will be the state and federal courts located in the Northern District of California, and you and Coffee Meets Bagel each waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
19. Dispute Resolution
Mandatory Arbitration of Disputes.
We each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Services (collectively, “Disputes”) will be resolved solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding. You and Coffee Meets Bagel agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Agreement, and that you and Coffee Meets Bagel are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.
Exceptions and Opt-out
. As limited exceptions to Section 19(a)above: (i) you may seek to resolve a Dispute in small claims court if it qualifies; and (ii) we each retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court to prevent (or enjoin) the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. In addition, you will retain the right to opt out of arbitration entirely and litigate any Dispute if you provide us with written notice of your desire to do so by email at
[email protected]
within thirty (30) days following the date you first agree to this Agreement.
Conducting Arbitration and Arbitration Rules
. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “AAA Rules”) then in effect, except as modified by this Agreement. The AAA Rules are available at
www.adr.org
or by calling 1-800-778-7879. A party who wishes to start arbitration must submit a written Demand for Arbitration to AAA and give notice to the other party as specified in the AAA Rules. The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at
www.adr.org
.
If your claim is for U.S. $10,000 or less, you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic or video-conference hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules.  If your claim exceeds U.S. $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) where you live, unless we both agree to a different location. The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to decide all issues relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability and scope of this arbitration agreement.
Arbitration Costs
. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. We’ll pay for all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and expenses if your Dispute is for less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator finds your Dispute frivolous. If we prevail in arbitration we’ll pay all of our attorneys’ fees and costs and won’t seek to recover them from you. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law.
Class Action Waiver
.  YOU AND COFFEE MEETS BAGEL AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, if the parties’ dispute is resolved through arbitration, the arbitrator may not consolidate another person’s claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.  If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Dispute Resolution section shall be null and void.
Effect of Changes on Arbitration.
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4“Changes to Agreement or Services” above, if Coffee Meets Bagel changes any of the terms of this Section 19“Dispute Resolution” after the date you first accepted this Agreement (or accepted any subsequent changes to this Agreement), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to
[email protected]
) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of Coffee Meets Bagel’s email to you notifying you of such change. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Coffee Meets Bagel in accordance with the terms of this Section 19“Dispute Resolution” as of the date you first accepted this Agreement (or accepted any subsequent changes to this Agreement).
Severability.
With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 19(e)of this Agreement (“Class Action Waiver”), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction decides that any part of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this Agreement will still apply.
20. State-Specific Terms
If you live in certain states, you may cancel this agreement within 3 business days.
The following provisions are added to this Agreement for subscribers residing in Arizona, California, Connecticut, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, New York, North Carolina, Ohio and Wisconsin:
You, the buyer, may cancel this Agreement, without penalty or obligation, at any time prior to midnight of the third business day following the original date of this contract, excluding Sundays and holidays. To cancel this Agreement, mail or deliver a signed and dated notice which states that you, the buyer, are canceling this Agreement, or words of similar effect. This notice shall be sent to:
Coffee Meets Bagel
Attn: Cancellations
391 Grove St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
(in addition, California and Ohio users may email us at
[email protected]
).
Please include your Coffee Meets Bagel email address in any correspondence or your refund may be delayed. If you cancel, Coffee Meets Bagel will return, within ten days of the date on which you give notice of cancellation, any payments you have made. If you send or deliver the notice to cancel your subscription agreement within such three day period, we will refund the full amount of your subscription.
In the event that you die before the end of your subscription period, your estate shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment you had made for your subscription which is allocable to the period after your death. In the event that you become disabled (such that you are unable to use the Services) before the end of your subscription period, you shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment you had made for your subscription which is allocable to the period after your disability by providing the company notice at the same address as listed above.
California Users
California Civil Code Section 1789.3 requires us to provide you with the following information: You may file grievances and complaints with the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, California, 95814, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210, or by email at
[email protected]
.
21. General Terms
Entire Agreement
. This Agreement constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Coffee Meets Bagel and you regarding the Services and Content, and this Agreement supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Coffee Meets Bagel and you regarding the Services and Content. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without Coffee Meets Bagel’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer this Agreement, without such consent, will be null. Coffee Meets Bagel may freely assign or transfer this Agreement without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Notices
. Any notices or other communications provided by Coffee Meets Bagel under this Agreement, including those regarding modifications to this Agreement, will be given: (i) via email; or (ii) by posting to the Services. For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.
Waiver of Rights
. Coffee Meets Bagel’s failure to enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Coffee Meets Bagel. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under this Agreement will be without prejudice to its other remedies under this Agreement or otherwise.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 11, 2021
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the information collected by Coffee Meets Bagel, Inc. (“we,” “us,” or “our”), how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. By using our website, located at
http://www.coffeemeetsbagel.com
(“Website”), our mobile apps, and/or other services we provide (collectively, “Coffee Meets Bagel”), you agree to the practices set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect and how we collect it:
Information collected automatically:
When you use Coffee Meets Bagel, we automatically collect and store certain information about your computer or mobile device and your activities.  We may use this and other information described in this Privacy Policy to infer information, such as your interests.
This information includes:
– Mobile Device ID. Your mobile device’s unique ID number (e.g., IMEI, AD ID).
– Geolocation. With your permission, your mobile device’s geographic location (GPS) when you first register for Coffee Meets Bagel through our mobile app or when you enable location services within the app.
– Device Information/Specifications. Technical information about your computer or mobile device (e.g., type of device, web browser or operating system, IP address) to analyze trends, administer the site, prevent fraud, track visitor movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information.
– Usage Information. How long and in what manner you use Coffee Meets Bagel, which services and features you use and any content that you generate through and post on Coffee Meets Bagel.  This includes browsing and search history (including profiles you have viewed). We link your subscriber information with your activity on Coffee Meets Bagel across all your devices using your email, phone number or similar information.
– Cookies: We and our service providers and business partners use “cookies” to keep track of some types of information while you are visiting Coffee Meets Bagel or using our services. “Cookies” are very small files placed on your computer, and they allow us to count the number of visitors to our Website and distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. They also allow us and third parties we work with to save user preferences, track user trends, and advertise to you. We use both session and persistent cookies on our Website; session cookies expire at the end of a particular visit to our Website, while persistent cookies (also called stored cookies) remain active until you disable them through your browser settings, or until a pre-set expiration date. We rely on cookies for the proper operation of Coffee Meets Bagel; therefore if your browser is set to reject all cookies, Coffee Meets Bagel may not function properly. Without this information, we will not be able to provide you with all of the requested services, and any differences in services are related to your information.
– Web Beacons: “Web beacons” (also known as “clear gifs” and “pixel tags”) are small transparent graphic images that are often used in conjunction with cookies in order to further personalize Coffee Meets Bagel for our users, collect a limited set of information about our visitors, and advertise to our users. We may also use web beacons in email communications in order to understand the behavior of our customers, such as whether an email has been opened or acted upon.
Information we obtain from other sources:
Facebook. In order to register with certain Coffee Meets Bagel apps, you may be asked to sign in using your Facebook login. If you do so, you are authorizing us to access and process certain Facebook account information, including information about you and your Facebook friends who might be common Facebook friends with other Coffee Meets Bagel users. By allowing us to access your Facebook account, you understand that we may obtain and process certain information from your Facebook account, including your name, email address, birthday, work history, education history, current city, pictures stored on Facebook, and the names, profile pictures, relationship status, and information about your Facebook friends. We only obtain information from your Facebook account that you specifically authorize and grant us permission to obtain.
Third-Party Services:  We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from  third party services, such as analytics providers and advertising partners.
Other users.  Users of Coffee Meets Bagel may provide us with information about you, including through customer support inquiries.
Information you choose to provide:
Information You Provide to Us. When you register with certain Coffee Meets Bagel apps, you must provide certain information, including your username and password, email address, zip code, birthday, gender, and gender preference. We will also ask you to upload photos for your profile and may collect any information (including location metadata and inferred characterizations or data) contained in these files. You may provide additional information about yourself (such as your school, occupation, current city, etc.) in order to build your Coffee Meets Bagel profile. You may also provide “special categories of personal data” under applicable law, such as your race, ethnicity, religion, philosophical or political views, and information relating to your sex life or sexual orientation. By affirmatively providing Coffee Meets Bagel with this information, you explicitly consent to our use of it for the purpose of fine tuning your match criteria with other bagels. Any information that you provide in the non-personally identifiable section of your profile will be viewable by your match. When using Coffee Meets Bagel, you may also provide payment information (where required for the purpose of payment). We collect and process your messages with other users as part of the operation of Coffee Meets Bagel. If you use our video chat feature, you will need to provide the Coffee Meets Bagel app with access to your camera and microphone. We and others you video chat with may collect the content and information you make available using our video chat feature.
Referring Your Friends:  We encourage you to refer your friends to Coffee Meets Bagel by sending us your friends’ email addresses or phone numbers. We will keep this information in our database, and enable you to send these friends a one-time email or text message from your device containing your name and inviting them to visit our site. This email will also include instructions on how to opt out and unsubscribe from our email list. You agree that you will not abuse this feature by entering the email addresses or phone numbers of those individuals who would not be interested in Coffee Meets Bagel.
Emails: We require an email address from you when you register with certain Coffee Meets Bagel apps. We use your email for both “administrative” (e.g., confirming your registration, notifying of matches) and “promotional” (e.g., newsletters, new product offerings, special discounts, event notifications, special third-party offers) purposes. Email messages we send you may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the e-mails, including whether the e-mail was opened and what links (if any) were clicked. You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails and other promotional communications from us at any time via the opt-out links provided in such communications, or by e-mailing
[email protected]
with your specific request. However, we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to Coffee Meets Bagel such as service announcements, security alerts, update notices, or other administrative messages) without affording you the opportunity to opt out of receiving such communications.
SMS Messages: By providing your phone number to Coffee Meets Bagel, you consent to Coffee Meets Bagel sending you SMS messages with security codes.
Online Survey Data: We may periodically conduct voluntary member surveys. We encourage our members to participate in such surveys because they provide us with important information regarding the improvement of Coffee Meets Bagel.
How we use the information
Pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy, we may use the information we collect from you for the following business purposes:
1. facilitate matches with other Coffee Meets Bagel users;
2. respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
3. to tailor and provide communications to you about Coffee Meets Bagel and related offers, promotions, advertising, news, upcoming events, and other information we think will be of interest to you;
4. monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities;
5. investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities;
6. provide, maintain, and improve Coffee Meets Bagel and our overall business;
7. where we otherwise have a legitimate interest in doing so, for example, direct marketing, research (including marketing research), network and information security, fraud prevention, and enforcing our terms, conditions and policies or defending against legal claims; and
8. for any purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
Use for Research. In addition to the uses outlined above, by using Coffee Meets Bagel, you agree to allow us to anonymously use the information from you and your experiences to continue our research into successful relationships, including how to create and foster these relationships, so that we may continue to improve the Coffee Meets Bagel experience. This research may be published in our blogs or interviews. However, all of your responses will be kept anonymous, and we assure you that no personal information will be published.
Sharing Your Information
The information we collect is used to provide and improve the content and the quality of Coffee Meets Bagel, and without your consent we will not otherwise share your personal information to/with any other parties except: (a) to provide Coffee Meets Bagel, (b) when we have your permission, or (c) or under the following instances:
Other Users. We may share your profile information with other Coffee Meets Bagel users to facilitate matches in accordance with the functionality of our services. In addition, you may choose to share additional information with users of Coffee Meets Bagel once you have matched with them.
Service Providers and Business Partners. We may share your information with our third-party service providers and business partners that help us to accomplish certain business purposes (e.g., marketing and analytics providers, security and technology providers, advertising partners, and payment processors).
Legal Disclosures and Business Transfers. We may disclose any information without notice or consent from you: (a) in response to a legal request, such as a subpoena, court order, or government demand; (b) to investigate or report illegal activity; or (c) to enforce our rights or defend claims. We may also transfer your information to (a) any affiliate of our corporate group or (b) another company in connection with a merger, financing due diligence, corporate restructuring, sale of any or all of our assets, or in the event of bankruptcy.
Third-Party Services You Interact With. If you access third-party services, such as Facebook to login to Coffee Meets Bagel, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on Coffee Meets Bagel, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of Coffee Meets Bagel, in accordance with their privacy policies.
Aggregate Data.   We may aggregate or de-identify the information described in this Privacy Policy.  Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, Coffee Meets Bagel does not sell personal information to third parties. Coffee Meets Bagel does permit third parties to collect the personal information described above through our service and shares personal information with third parties for business purposes as described in this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to providing advertising outside of our service based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices (so-called “interest-based advertising”). The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Policy.
Updating or Removing Account Information
You may review or edit your profile as you wish, by logging into your Coffee Meets Bagel account using the information supplied during the registration process. If you would like to have us delete your account information, we may do so by deactivating your account first and then permanently deleting your account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may continue to contact you for the purpose of communicating information relating to your request for Coffee Meets Bagel services, or to respond to any inquiry or request made by you, as applicable. To opt out of receiving messages concerning Coffee Meets Bagel, you must cease requesting and/or utilizing services from Coffee Meets Bagel, and cease submitting inquiries to Coffee Meets Bagel, as applicable.
Your Privacy Rights
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Access Personal Information about you, including: (i) confirming whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtaining access to or a copy of your personal information; or (iii) receiving an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that information to another company (aka the right of data portability);
Request Correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information;
Request Deletion of your personal information;
Request Restriction of or Object to our processing of your personal information; and
Withdraw Your Consent to our processing of your personal information.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
Third Party Sites
Coffee Meets Bagel may contain links to other websites and services. If you choose to click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website or service. The fact that we link to a website or service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites or services. These third parties may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites and services you visit.
Data Retention
Coffee Meets Bagel retains the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
Securing Your Personal Information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of Coffee Meets Bagel. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Site or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
Your Choices
Cookies. You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete cookies, some of the functionality of Coffee Meets Bagel may no longer be available to you. Without this information, we are not able to provide you with all the requested services, and any differences in services are related to your information.
You can manage third-party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work with to serve advertising across the Internet by clicking here and by utilizing the choices available at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
and
www.aboutads.info/choices
.
SMS Messages.  You may opt out of receiving SMS messages from us by following the instructions in the SMS message or by otherwise contacting us.
Mobile Devices. We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may opt out from receiving these push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device. Your mobile device may include a feature that allows you to opt out of some types of targeted advertising (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS and “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” on Android). You can switch off GPS location information functionality on your mobile device if you do not wish to share GPS information.
“Do Not Track.” Some browsers transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites. Because of differences in how browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
Supplemental Notice for California Residents
This Supplemental California Privacy Notice only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information Coffee Meets Bagel has collected about them and whether Coffee Meets Bagel disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Sensory data
Category of Personal Information Collected by Coffee Meets Bagel
Categories of Third Parties Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Identifiers
Other users
Service providers
Advertising partners
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Other users
Service providers
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Other users
Service providers
Commercial information
Other users
Service providers
Advertising partners
Internet or other electronic network activity
Service providers
Advertising partners
Geolocation data
Service providers
Other users
Service providers
Professional or employment
related information
Other users
Service providers
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
Service providers
Advertising partners
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth above.
Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents
“Sales” of Personal Information under the CCPA. For purposes of the CCPA, Coffee Meets Bagel does not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Nondiscrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth below.
Verification. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include confirming the email address associated with any personal information we have about you.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
“Shine the Light” requests. You have the right to request and obtain from us once a year at no charge a list of all third parties, if any, to which we have disclosed your personal information during the preceding calendar year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  If you would like such a list, please contact us at
[email protected]
. For all such requests, you must put the statement “Shine the Light Request” on your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.  Please note that we will not accept these requests by telephone or fax, and are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Using Coffee Meets Bagel from outside the United States
If you are visiting Coffee Meets Bagel from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed globally, including in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By using our services, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it for processing as described in this Privacy Policy. Where required by law, international transfers of personal information will be supported by an adequacy mechanism.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, Coffee Meets Bagel will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check our Website from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, or how to lodge a complaint with the appropriate authority, please contact us by email at
[email protected]
or by mail at Coffee Meets Bagel, Inc. 391 Grove St, San Francisco, CA.
Copyright Policy
Last Updated: November 17, 2020
Coffee Meets Bagel, Inc. (“
Coffee Meets Bagel
”) respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same.
It is Coffee Meets Bagel’s policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe or are repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others.
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998, the text of which may be found on the U.S. Copyright Office website at
http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf
, Coffee Meets Bagel will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the Coffee Meets Bagel website (the “
Site
”) that are reported to Coffee Meets Bagel’s Designated Copyright Agent, identified in the sample notice below.
If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Site by completing the following DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to Coffee Meets Bagel’s Designated Copyright Agent. Upon receipt of the Notice as described below, Coffee Meets Bagel will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged material from the Site.
DMCA Notice of Alleged Copyright Infringement (“Notice”)
1. Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, or – if multiple copyrighted works are covered by this Notice – you may provide a representative list of the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
2. Identify the material that you claim is infringing (or to be the subject of infringing activity) and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site(s) where such material may be found.
3. Provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
4. Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
“I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use).”
“I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed.”
5. Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.
Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to Coffee Meets Bagel’s Designated Copyright Agent:
Copyright Agent
c/o Coffee Meets Bagel, Inc.
391 Grove Street, San Francisco, CA 94102
[email protected]
(415) 439-3770
Get the app
Get the App for iOS
Get the App for Android
Home
Blog
Careers
Press
Help Center
Privacy & Terms
Join the app
Join the app on iOS
Join the app on Android
© Copyright -
Coffee Meets Bagel
-
Enfold Theme by Kriesi
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Scroll to top