Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated April 19, 2022
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS - ADDITIONAL RIGHTS UNDER California Consumer Privacy Act (click)
Suunto is committed to protecting your privacy and complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") is designed to help you to understand what kind of information we collect in connection with our products and services and how we process and use such information. Throughout this Policy the term "personal data" means information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (i.e. a natural person).
"Suunto" refers to Suunto Oy, including all its affiliated companies from time to time (also referred to as "we", "us", or "our"). Your personal data may be used in accordance with this Policy by and for one or more Suunto group companies, which will be regarded, individually or jointly, as data controllers in respect of such data.
This Policy applies to personal data collected in connection with products and services offered by Suunto or from other interactions with us where a link or other appropriate reference of incorporation to this Policy is made, for example, in connection with our products, websites, applications and other types of services offered by Suunto typically in electronic form, as well as other services such as customer care and warranty services, customer events, or promotions and campaigns.
We typically provide additional privacy related terms in connection with a particular Suunto product or service. Such product or service specific terms prevail over this Policy to the extent of any conflict. Our products or services may also contain links to other companies' websites and other third party services that have privacy policies of their own. We recommend that you carefully read the privacy policies of such services. Suunto is not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of any such third party services.
Further information about our data practices in our services may be provided on our website and for example in our mobile applications. Further information about data practices in our services can be read for example regarding certain Suunto services (
here
) and mobile applications/Sports Tracker community (
here
).
The Suunto app and the Sports Tracker app form a shared sports community called Sports Tracker Community. The community and all apps connecting to it are technically provided under Suunto Oy. For more information about Suunto Oy, please visit
www.suunto.com
.
All the apps within the Sports Tracker Community use the same cloud service for saving and processing data. All the apps use the same accounts, which in practice means that if you, for example, already have a Sports Tracker account and wish to start using the Suunto app, you can simply log in to the Suunto app with your Sports Tracker account. If you are using your Facebook account for authentication, you are automatically recognized as the same person in all apps.
Similarly, any change or deletion you do to your activity history or other information are visible instantly in all of the apps. Please note that separate accounts in Sports Tracker Community cannot be merged.
Where a consent from you to the processing of personal data described in this Policy is required under the applicable law, such consent will be obtained by appropriate mechanism such as ticking a box stating your consent, choosing technical settings for a service or website, or other statement or conduct clearly indicating your acceptance to the processing, depending on the product, website, service or application you are using. If you do not provide data required for the particular service or website feature you are intending to use or for transactions that you are trying to complete, such service or website feature may not be available, or transactions may not be completed without the required data.
DATA COLLECTED
We collect your personal data typically when you purchase our products or services, use or register into our services, enter into a sales promotion or a campaign, or otherwise interact with us. Below are examples of the categories of the data we collect on you.
Technical Information.
For the most part, you may visit our websites or use our products or services without having to identify yourself. However, certain technical information is normally collected as a standard part of your use of our services. Such information includes, for example, your IP-address, access times, the website you linked from, pages you visit, the links you use, the ad banners and other content you viewed, information about your devices and other such technical information your browser provides us with or as may be otherwise collected in connection with certain products and services. When you use our services or otherwise interact with us over telecommunications networks, certain additional information, such as your mobile subscription number, may be transmitted to us by the telecommunications operator as a standard part of that communication. Please also see the section "Use of Cookies and Web Beacons" below.
Information you provide us.
When you register to our services, make a purchase, enter a sales promotion or otherwise interact with us, we may ask you to provide us with certain information such as your name, email address, street address, as well as user names, passwords and other such credentials that are used to authenticate users and to validate their actions or that may be needed to provide you with the products and services you have requested or to communicate with you, as well as information uploaded by you such as location, route information, pictures etc. We may collect training data, demographic information, for example, your age, gender, postal code and language preferences.
We may also collect other information you provide, such as your consents, preferences and feedback, information relating to your devices and other such information you provide us with. Please note that certain non-identifiable information collected from you may become personally identifiable when you provide us with your personal data. Some of our services may allow you to submit information about other people, for example, if you make an order for a product that you wish us to send directly to another recipient.
Special categories of personal data.
We may collect your biometrical and health related data such as blood pressure, heart rate, fingerprints or similar depending on the service or product you have purchased. Users are requested to grant consent for such data collection explicitly per each service or product in question. For certain services or applications, this may be done by adjusting the settings of the application or service, in accordance with applicable law. Denial of the consent may affect the provision of the relevant service.
Your transactions with us.
We collect or request information relating to your purchase or use of our products or services as well as your other interactions with us. Such information may include, for example, details of the queries or requests you have made, the products and services provided (including delivery details), purchasing details (including payments made, credit card details, billing address, credit checks and other such financial information), details of agreements between you and Suunto, records of contacts and communications, information and details relating to the content you have provided us with and other such transactional information. We may, in accordance with applicable law, record your communication with our customer care or with other similar contact points.
Location data.
Certain services may involve the use of your location data. Use of your location data is, however, subject to your prior consent for each service.
For example, we may collect location data to enable mobile-connected GPS tracking with certain devices, even when our certain services such as the mobile apps are closed or not in use.
Data obtained from third parties.
In addition to the personal data we obtain from you, we may obtain, in accordance with applicable laws, certain personal data from list rental companies and other publicly available sources. This may include personal data such as credit information and address information updates.
THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
Suunto processes your personal data for the purposes described in this Policy and/or any additional service specific privacy information. Please note that one or more purposes may apply simultaneously.
Provision of products and services.
We may process and use your personal data to provide you the product or service you have requested, fulfill your other requests such as customer service, process your order or as otherwise may be necessary to perform or enforce the contract between you and Suunto. We may also process and use your personal data to ensure the functionality and security of our products and services, to identify you, and to prevent and detect fraud and other misuses.
Development of products and services.
We may process and use your personal data to develop our products and/or services. However, for the most part we only use aggregate and statistical information in the development of our products and services, and not data directly identifiable to you. We may also process and use your personal data to personalize our offerings and to provide you with service more relevant to you, for example, to make recommendations and to display customized content and advertising. We may combine personal data collected in connection with your use of a particular Suunto product and/or service with other personal data we may hold about you, except where such personal data was collected for a different purpose.
Communicating with you and marketing.
We may process and use your personal data to communicate with you, for example, to provide information relating to our products and/or services you are using or to contact you for customer satisfaction queries. We may process and use your personal data for marketing. Marketing purposes may include using your personal data for personalized marketing or research purposes in accordance with applicable laws, for example, to conduct market research and to communicate our products, services or promotions to you via our own or third parties' electronic or other services.
In addition, some of our products and services may be used to promote products and services of other companies. However, Suunto does not disclose your personal data to such companies for their marketing purposes without your prior consent or other legal basis under applicable law.
Profiling/personalization.
We may process and use your personal data for profiling/personalization for such purposes as targeted direct marketing and improvement of our products or services. We may also create aggregate and statistical information based on your personal data. Profiling/personalization includes automated processing of your personal data for evaluating, analyzing or predicting your personal preferences or interests in order to, for example, send you marketing messages concerning products or services best suitable for you.
Additionally, we may work with analytics partners who collect, and with whom we may share data about customers on our site and app visitors, to conduct analytics on our behalf and for others. Accordingly, we may share Technical Information (see above) including device (including mobile device) identifiers, location data, demographic, online behavioral information, and or data about your interests (collectively, "Analytics Data") with third-party advertising partners or networks who may use that data to serve you with interest-based or targeted ads for products and services offered by us or them.  This Analytics Data does not directly identify you.  Use of this information is governed by the third parties' privacy policies. Alternatively, collection ad sharing may be through cookies, pixels, web beacons, or similar technologies.
TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may disclose and transfer your personal data to the parties below, and to other parties to the extent permitted or required by law.
[Suunto and its affiliates.] You acknowledge and agree (to the extent such agreement is considered valid under applicable law) that we may share your personal data within Suunto and its affiliates, and may transfer your personal data for the use of other Suunto affiliate in accordance with applicable law, e.g. when a affiliate/affiliates are involved in the provision of the services to you or to other group companies. This may include, for example billing and delivery of your purchases, provision of services such as customer service, development and maintenance of digital solutions and managing, analyzing and profiling/personalization of customer data as set forth above.  Other affiliates/brands of Suunto, than the one you have separately subscribed to as a consumer, will not send you e-mail or text message based marketing.
Opting-out from e-mail/SMS based marketing.
You may opt-out from brand marketing e-mails by following the guidance in those e-mails (typically provided via "unsubscribe" link) or by contacting the respective brand/affiliate as set forth in the e-mail and in their web site. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-marketing e-mails, such as service notifications or other information or if you are a business customer, we may send business relation information. You may also opt-out from any SMS based direct marketing by contacting the respective affiliate/brand as set forth in their site or via SMS as may be applicable.
Service providers and other authorized third parties.
We may transfer your personal data to authorized third parties who process personal data on behalf of Suunto for the purposes described in this Policy, such as e.g., technical, logistics, e-commerce, marketing and other service providers.  Such parties are not permitted to use your personal data for any other purposes than for what your personal data was collected, and we require them to act consistently with applicable laws and this Policy as well as to use appropriate security measures to protect your personal data.
We may also transfer your personal data, including heart rate data, biometrical data or other health related data, to a service partner, if you use such services where a third party company needs to process such data for the provision of the respective service or where you separately agree that a third party company may process your data in connection with the services or products of Suunto.
International transfers.
Our products and services may be provided using resources and servers located in various countries around the world. Therefore your personal data may be transferred outside the country where you use our services, including to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), where the level of data protection may not be deemed adequate by the European Commission. In such cases we take steps to ensure that adequate protection for your personal data is provided as required by applicable laws. For international transfers of your personal data, we generally rely on agreements that are based on the Standard Contractual Clauses ("SCCs") of the European Commission. You may find the SCCs
here
. If you wish to know more about international transfers of your personal data, you may contact us via the contact details given below.
Other disclosures.
We may disclose and otherwise process your personal data in accordance with applicable laws to defend Suunto' legitimate interests, for example, in civil or criminal legal proceedings.
Mergers and Acquisitions, business transactions and transfers.
We may disclose and/or transfer your personal data to relevant parties such as prospective or actual purchasers and their advisers in connection with mergers, acquisitions, sales, reorganizations, or other transactions or transfers or changes of control involving Suunto and/or its affiliates, services, applications, digital services, or businesses. We may also receive personal data from relevant parties such as sellers and their advisers for the purposes of such transactions.
DATA CONCERNING MINORS
Suunto does not seek to collect any information from or engage in any transactions with persons under the legal age in their respective country.  Our databases may nevertheless contain personal data of children due to the fact that it is not always possible to determine precisely the age of the user. We reserve the right to block the service from any person who is or whom we reasonably suspect of being a minor.
Suunto's policy is to request that minors do not make purchases or engage in other legal acts on our products and services without the consent of a parent or legal guardian, unless otherwise permitted by applicable law. If you are a minor but have your legal guardian's consent, you must be able to prove that such consent exists upon request.
DATA QUALITY AND RETENTION
We take reasonable steps to keep the personal data we possess accurate and up-to-date and to delete out of date or otherwise incorrect or unnecessary personal data.
Certain Suunto products and services may allow you to manage your profile and the information in such profile. We encourage you to access your personal data via your profile from time to time to ensure that it is correct and up-to-date. Please remember that for such electronic services where you may manage your profile, it is your responsibility to provide us with correct details as well as to update the personal data you have provided us with in case of any changes.
We store your personal data only for a period necessary for the purpose in question or as long as required by applicable laws.
DATA SECURITY
Suunto implements appropriate technical and organizational security measures to prevent and minimize risks associated with providing and processing personal data.
Such security measures include, where appropriate, the use of firewalls, secure server facilities, encryption, implementing proper access rights management systems and processes, careful selection of processors, sufficient training of Suunto's personnel involved in the processing, and other necessary measures to provide appropriate protection for your personal data against unauthorized use or disclosure. Where appropriate, we may also take back-up copies and use other such means to prevent accidental damage or destruction of your personal data. If a particular part of an Suunto website supports on-line transactions, we will use an industry standard security measure, such as the one available through "Secure Sockets Layer" ("SSL"), to protect the confidentiality and security of online transactions.
USE OF COOKIES, WEB BEACONS AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
From time to time when you visit an Suunto website, subject to your consent in accordance with applicable law, information may be placed on your computer to allow us or third parties to recognize your computer in the form of a text file known as a "cookie". Our use of cookies is intended to provide benefits to you, such as eliminating the need for you to enter your password frequently during a session or the need to re-enter items you place in a shopping cart if you do not finish a transaction in a single visit. Cookies are also used for website traffic analysis and profiling. We may use similar technologies in conjunction with third parties for the same purpose.
Further information on our use of cookies can be found in our
Cookie Policy
and in the
Cookie preference center
or cookie banner up to date from time to time.
Some of the Suunto websites may, subject to your consent in accordance with applicable law, also use other kinds of local storage technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as "Flash cookies") and HTML5 local storage. These technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your device and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences. However, these technologies may make use of different parts of your device from standard cookies, and so you might not be able to control them using standard browser tools and settings. You may prevent Flash cookies from being stored by following the instructions provided by Adobe at
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html
.
Suunto may use so called web beacons (or "pixel tags") in connection with some websites. However, we do not use them to identify individual users personally. Web beacons are typically graphic images that are placed on a website and they are used to count visitors to a website and/or to access certain cookies. This information is used to improve our services. Web beacons do not typically collect any other information than what your browser provides us with as a standard part of any internet communication. If you turn off cookies, the web beacon will no longer be able to track your specific activity. The web beacon may, however, continue to collect information of visits from your IP-address, but such information will no longer be personally identifiable.
You may modify your cookie preferences in your browser settings. You can find instructions on how to manage cookies by following e.g. the instructions for Mozilla Firefox:
here
, Google Chrome:
here
, Apple Safari
here
,  and Microsoft Internet Explorer
here
. Further information about controlling of cookies can be found from:
https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/what-are-my-options
.
However, we may not be able to provide certain services or you may not be able to view certain parts of this site if you have disabled cookies.
Some of our business partners whose content is linked to or from our website may also use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies. However, we have no access to or control over third party cookies or similar technologies.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to request information and access to the personal data we have collected from and of you. You also have the right to request that we replenish, rectify, anonymize or delete any incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated personal data we hold on you. However, we cannot delete such personal data that is necessary for compliance with binding legal obligations or if the personal data must be retained according to applicable laws. You have the right to request and receive the personal data we have collected on you in a commonly used and machine-readable form. In case you consider your personal data collected by us to be inaccurate, you do not wish your personal data to be deleted where the processing of your personal data has been deemed unlawful or the personal data is no longer necessary, or you have objected to the processing and the existence of legitimate grounds for processing is still under consideration, you may request restriction of processing of your personal data.
You may also at any time object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes, sending promotional materials, profiling, or for the performance of market research. Further, where your personal data is processed based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent for such processing at any time.
In case you wish to make use of your rights mentioned above, you may, as appropriate and in accordance with applicable laws, exercise such rights by contacting us through the contact points referred in the marketing materials or below in this Policy. In some cases, especially if you wish us to delete or cease the processing of your personal data, this may also mean that we may not be able to continue to provide the services to you. We encourage you to use available profile management tools for the above purposes as such tools often provide you with direct access to your personal data and allow you to effectively manage it.
Please note that Suunto may need to identify you and to ask for additional information in order to be able to fulfill your above requests. Please also note that applicable law may contain restrictions and other provisions that relate to your above rights.
COMPLAINT TO THE SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
In the event you consider Suunto's processing activities of your personal data to be inconsistent with the applicable data protection laws or that Suunto has not sufficiently ensured the realization of your rights, you may lodge a complaint with the local supervisory authority responsible for data protection matters. The up-to-date contact details of the supervisory authorities in the EU countries can be found (
here
).
THE CONTROLLER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND CONTACT DETAILS
The data controllers responsible for the purposes of the applicable data protection laws are, as applicable:
1) Suunto Oy
Tammiston kauppatie 7 A
01510 Vantaa\
Finland
and/or
2) The Suunto affiliate, whose webpage, application, product or service you are using (name and registered address available during the purchase or registration process)
and/or, as applicable,
3) The Suunto Affiliate which uses your personal data for its direct marketing or similar purposes (name and registered address available in the marketing material received by you).
You may contact the above-mentioned data controllers as set forth in their respective sites.
If you are using Suunto webpage, application, product or service then Suunto Oy is your data controller, and you may contact Suunto as follows:
Primary contact is Suunto by phone or chat: (
here
).
Suunto DPO contacts via email to
legal@suunto.com
. Please use email topic "GDPR DPO".
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Suunto may from time to time update and change this Privacy Policy. If the changes include new purposes of processing, Suunto will give you prior notice of such changes and, where necessary, request your consent.
CALIFORNIA RIGHTS
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (California-Specific description of privacy rights -- under the California Consumer Privacy Act - CCPA). This section fully incorporates all of the above stated Privacy Policy as if fully set forth below and your rights under the CCPA are intended to supplement the rights set forth therein.
Right to Know / Access
California residents have the right, (upon a verifiable request) to request the following:\
(1) The categories of personal information we have collected about you.\
(2) The categories of sources from which personal information is collected.\
(3) The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.\
(4) The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.\
(5) The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Please note that the Suunto or its affiliate may need to identify you and to ask for additional information in order to be able to fulfill your request. You can make your request at the toll-free number or through the online webform listed below. In both instances, you may be required to provide your email address on file with us among other information. We will acknowledge your request within 10 days. Upon verification of your identity, we will fulfill your request. However, we will not provide any information that we reasonably believe may be subject to fraudulent action.
To submit a data request call: +1 855 258 0900 (USA)\
Or submit a request through our online chat form (
here
)\
Note, in the Product Field please type in "Unknown Product/Suunto App Service"\
In the Type your message... type, "Right to Know"
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
California residents have the right to request deletion of their personal information collected or maintained by Suunto.
Please note that the Suunto affiliate may need to identify you and to ask for additional information in order to be able to fulfill your request. You can make your request at the toll-free number or through the online webform listed below. In both instances, you may be required to provide your email address on file with us among other information. We will acknowledge your request within 10 days. Upon verification of your identity, we will fulfill your request. However, we will not provide any information that we reasonably believe may be subject to fraudulent action.
To submit a deletion request call: +1 855 258 0900 (USA)\
Or submit a request through our online chat form (
here
)\
Note, in the Product Field please type in "Unknown Product/Suunto App Service"\
In the Type your message... type, "Right to Deletion"
Please note, to ensure that your personal information is permanently deleted, you should delete your cookies from your browser (refer to our
Cookie Policy
) and decline giving your consent via our cookies preference center (
here
).
Do not Sell My Info
You have the right, at any time to direct a business that sells personal information about you to third parties not to sell your personal information. This is the right to opt-out of sale. The meaning of "sell" under the CCPA is broadly defined and can include sharing your information for any economic benefit.
Suunto shares your information with service providers and other authorized third parties as set forth in the Privacy Policy above. To the extent that any such third party is not considered a service provider under the CCPA or the CCPA is interpreted in a way that any action of Suunto is a "sale", is "selling", or otherwise deriving an economic benefit from the sharing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and to the extent that you wish us not to share such information, please submit your request using the methods listed below.
Please note that the Suunto or its affiliate may need to identify you and to ask for additional information in order to be able to fulfill your request. You can make your request at the toll-free number or through the online webform listed below. In both instances, you may be required to provide your email address on file with us among other information. We will acknowledge your request within 10 days. Upon verification of your identity, we will fulfil your request. Be advised, that a request of "Do Not Sell My Info" will result in the deletion of all information that the Suunto or its affiliate has on file about you.
To submit a "Do not Sell My Info" request call: +1 855 258 0900 (USA)\
Or submit a request through our online chat form (
here
)\
Note, in the Product Field please type in "Unknown Product/Suunto App Service"\
In the Type your message... type, "Do Not Sell My Info"
Please note, to ensure that your personal information is not shared/sold, you should delete your cookies from your browser (refer to our
Cookie Policy
) and decline giving your consent via our cookies preference center (
here
).
CALIFORNIA MINORS only: See DATA CONCERNING MINORS above. Businesses are not permitted to sell your information unless you are between 13 and 16 years of age, or your parent, if you are under 13 years of age have affirmatively authorized the sale/sharing of your information. This is the right to opt-in. If you are between 13-16 years of age, you may opt-in simply by consenting to cookies via our cookies preference center (
here
). If you are under 13, we do not seek to engage with you in any transaction, tracking by cookies or otherwise.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your California Privacy Rights
Discrimination -- You have the right not be discriminated against because you exercised any of your rights under California law.
Authorized Agent
You have the right to designate an authorized agent to make any CCPA request on your behalf. Suunto reserves the right to ask for proof that such agent is in fact authorized by you.