CodeRays Technologies - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Date: 30 May 2023
Place: Chennai - 600035
At CodeRays, we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy applies to use of CodeRays applications on all platforms, the related services we provide and the site.
CodeRays has created this policy to explain our privacy practices so you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Applications, the services and the site.
By using any Application, the services or the site, you consent to the privacy practices described in this policy.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this policy at any time. You can find the date of last modification noted above. Such modifications shall become effective immediately upon the posting thereof on the site. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of this policy whenever you access or use of our Application, the services or the site to check if this policy has been updated. If you do not agree to any modifications to this policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all applications, the services and the site. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our policies.
This policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the applications, the services and the site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own, such as Facebook, or any third party features or services made available via an application, the services or the site. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the site belong to their respective owners.
1. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information:
For paid services like Om Astro, Om Spiritual Shop & other Premium features, we do collect personal information like name, email address, phone number & address (if needed based on product delivery) to deliver paid products to you safely.  For non-paid services, we will not collect your personal information.
Session and Usage Data:
"Session and Usage Data" is information about your use of an Application, the Services and/or the Site and includes, without limitation, connection and service-related data submitted to us through your use of an Application, the Services or the Site. Session and Usage Data includes information relating to the connection request, server communication and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, and date, time and location of the bump. We also may aggregate Session and Usage data as described in Aggregate Information below. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not include any Personal Information.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Personal Information:
For paid services personal information that we collect will be used to deliver the products to you and recommend new paid services and products of your interest.
Non-Personal Information:
We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose, including for our own internal purposes; to measure traffic patterns; to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our Users; to provide, improve and modify the Applications, Services and the Site; and for promotion and marketing purposes. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
3. PLAYING OUR GAMES
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our apps/games or using our other Services, you consent to the collection of information about you by us. Most of this data comes directly from you or your device, such as device information, country and region, app usage and game play information. We use this data to provide our apps/games and Services to you, including for the purposes of optimisation, preventing fraud, customising in-game offers and verifying purchases. We may also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Data about your account and app/game progress. Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below). Contact information such as Player name and Display name, Other permission you choose to give us.
In most cases, we also create a Coderays-specific player ID for you when you use the Service.
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service.
When you purchase items via our mobile apps (such as In-app purchases) we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
We also analyse and use the information that we collect on an anonymised or aggregated basis for product development, to analyse the performance of our games, to troubleshoot and to improve and optimise the games to ensure the best player experience for our players as a whole.
Cheating, crime and fraud prevention:
We may use personal data that we hold to prevent cheating, crime or fraud. We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention, such as the police.
4. HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED
Personal Information:
We are an independent entity, we will not disclose your personal information to anyone without your concern / approval based on the needs of the services. And we store details in secure systems.
In general, we use Session and Usage Data internally to serve our Users and enable them to take maximum advantage of the Applications, services and the website.
Non-Personal Information:
We may disclose Non-Personal Information for any purpose like analysis, promotions & other users behaviour purposes . We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
5. THIRD-PARTY SITES
In general, the Applications, the Services and the Site access third party information through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites as a service to our Users. The application / site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Web sites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us.
This Policy only covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Websites, products or services that we do not control or own, such as Facebook, or any third party features or services made available via an Application, the Services or the Site. We shall not be liable for the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information by any third parties.
Advertisements on Platform: We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Platform. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.You have an option to opt out from tracking of personalized advertising using the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” settings using your device’s settings application. Om Tamil Calendar will have no access to your GAID once you select this feature.
6. DAILY MUDRAS (IOS APP) : HOW THE SUBSCRIPTION WORKS
a. All app users can use Daily Mudras with a limited edition. Upgrade to a Premium subscription package at any time.
b. Subscribers will receive full access to ALL Premium features. New health tips and mudras added periodically!
c. All recurring subscriptions will auto-renew unless auto-renewal is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
d. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, at the cost of the chosen package.
e. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.
f. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase.
g. Your subscription is for your iTunes account and can be used on your iOS device.
h. Payments will be charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase.
i. Subscriptions cannot be canceled during the active subscription period.
7. SECURITY
CodeRays is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect information from unauthorised access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorised access or use.
8. PERMISSIONS
Camera Permisson:
Our Om Tamil Calendar application uses the camera feature provided by mobile devices, and doesn't collect any camera or photos related information from the user. This Application uses the camera feature & permission to support the torch light feature.
Location Permission:
a. In Om Tamil Calendar app, to access Vasthu COMPASS feature in Daily Tools section, you need to give Location permission to the app to provide you precise vasthu direction, Latitude, Longitude & address. We may need to access those data or features to provide functions to you, but we never store those information in our server.
b.  Personalised In-app content on user’s location, like details about nearby Temples, local spiritual facts, local festivals, events etc., to user even when the app is closed via push notification service. We are using OneSignal to send personalised push notifications to users.
Links to privacy policy of third party service providers used by our App:
Google Analytics for Firebase (usage analytics) :
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Applovin (Advertising) :
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
Admob (Advertising) :
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook Audience Network (Advertising) :
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
OneSignal (Push Notification) :
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
9. HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards:
In order to help ensure a secure and safe user experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention:
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused user accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
	Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
10. CONTACTING US / REPORTING VIOLATIONS
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Applications, the Services or the Site, kindly contact us at contactus@coderays.com
11. WE PROVIDE OPTION FOR OUR USERS TO REQUEST TO DELETE THEIR DATA
If you don't want to use our games / apps & want to delete your data from our systems, kindly write to us to info@coderays.com
Our address:
Coderays IT Pvt Ltd,
No 2, 1st Cross St,
CIT Nagar West, Chennai 600035,
Landmark : Nandhi Statue,
Tamilnadu, India
Phone: +91 44 42148213
Email : contactus@coderays.com