Eula - AQREADD Systems S.L.
Toggle navigation
AQREADD Systems S.L.
Last updated: October 2022
AQREADD Systems SL Privacy Policy
AQREADD Systems SL
(“AQREADD”), collects, and uses your non-personal information as a data controller in connection with and in order to provide and develop mobile applications,
 services and websites (together “Services”) according to this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
For questions and information about Privacy Policy and data subject's rights, please contact us at privacy@aqreadd.com
All AQREADD Services are governed by this Privacy Policy and by using or accessing a Service You give consent to the processing,
  use and disclosure of your data. Please do not install or use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
AQREADD reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
1. How We Collect Your data
Likely situations when you make non-personal data available to AQREADD include, but are not limited to: (i) by using AQREADD ’s mobile apps or visiting 
  our websites.
AQREADD may supplement your data with data received from third parties in connection with demographic, advertisement, market and other 
  analytics surveys or services.
2. Ad Serving Technology
AQREADD
reserves the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for purposes of 
  advertising by AQREADD’s partners and contractors.
AQREADD may employ third party ad serving technologies that 
  use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services.
AQREADD or third parties operating the ad 
  serving technology may use demographic and geo-location information (for more information regarding use of Location Data see below Section 3) as well as information logged 
  from your hardware or device to ensure that relevant advertising is presented within the Service. Third parties may collect and use data, for such purposes, 
  including but not limited to, data such as IP address, Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, 
  browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies, Flash cookies, and HTML5 local storage, Internet and on-line usage information and in-game information.
The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
If you want to be certain that no behaviorally targeted advertisements are displayed to you, please do not use or access the Services.
Some services may include the use of in-game advertisements or brand placement. Such ads or sponsorships will be noted as such within the services.
Additionally please note that if you “opt out” it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising. It just means that the advertising you 
  see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests and may be less relevant to you.
3. Survey Serving Technology
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. 
Pollfish collaborates with Publishers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. 
When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user's device data (including Advertising ID, Device ID, other available electronic identifiers and further response meta-data is automatically sent, via our app, to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. 
For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully the Pollfish respondent terms located at
https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent
. 
These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sends such questionnaires to eligible users. 
Pollfish may share such data with third parties, clients and business partners, for commercial purposes. By downloading the application, you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. 
Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by visiting the following link
https://www.pollfish.com/respondent/opt-out
. 
We once more invite you to check the Pollfish respondent's terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works and with whom Pollfish may further share your data.
4. Analytics
AQREADD
uses your information to perform its own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties.  
  We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, improving products and services, personalizing content,
   providing advertising, and making recommendations.   AQREADD may also use third-parties, such as a Google Analytics or Google Firebase in order to develop and analyze use of the Services.
5. Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that your access to and use of the 
   Services may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and AQREADD is not liable for any such third parties’ use of your personal data.
Certain Services that AQREADD may offer, such as multiplayer gaming, social networking and gaming console services, may use third party services to provide 
   authentication for the Services with a gaming console ID, social networking ID, or gaming network account.
Follow us:
Copyright © 2024
AQREADD Systems S.L
. All Right
						Reserved.