Current - Banking for Modern Life
Spend
Save
Invest
About
Help
Get started
Spend
Save
Invest
About
Help
Get started
Current Online Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how Current may collect, use and disclose information we obtain through the Current Service.
The
“Current Service”
means any websites, mobile applications, and other services under the control of Current, in connection with providing an online or digital platform for Current's services, including the provision of a digital platform on which customers can convert personal funds into digital vouchers redeemable at third party providers of goods and services.
“Personal Information”
means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as: name, address, email address, or phone number. We do not consider Personal Information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual.
1. How We Collect Your Information
We collect information, including Personal Information when you:
register to use the Current Service;
connect your social media account(s);
use the Current Service; and
communicate with us.
1.1. Creating a Current Account.
You must register to use the Current Service. When you choose to create an account, you must provide information including your email address and phone number. You may also choose to provide additional, optional information such as your zip code, financial account information, a profile picture, and other information. You may decline to provide additional Personal Information, however, doing so may prevent you from engaging with and using certain parts of the Current Service.
1.2. Social Media Connection.
We collect information, including Personal Information, from social media websites, such as Facebook or Twitter, when you connect to your Current account using your social media account. For example, when you log in with your Facebook credentials, we may collect Personal Information from Facebook, such as your email address, profile picture, and friend list.
1.3. Using the Current Service.
We collect information from you as you use the Current Service, such as when you initiate a transaction, when you send payments or otherwise engage with or use the Service.
1.4. Customer Support.
We may collect information, including Personal Information from you through your communications with our customer support team.
1.5. Mobile Device Information.
We may obtain information from your mobile device such as your device type, machine or mobile device identification number, location data including time zone, language setting, browser type and IP address.
1.6. Location data.
If you have ‘background location’ turned on, the Current app will, from time to time, tell us about your device’s location even if you are not directly interacting with the application.
When we have location information, we use it to tailor our Services for you and others, like helping reduce card fraud by matching your card activity with your location.
1.7. Cookies, Automatic Data Collection, and Related Technologies.
When you visit the Current Service, we and third parties that provide certain functionality on the Current Service may engage, receive and record information from your use of the Current Service and server logs from your browser, including your IP address, and from cookies and similar technology. This information is used for security purposes, to authenticate your identity, to improve the quality of the Current Service, such as to store your preferences, customize the Current Service, and provide more relevant advertising. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Current Service may not work properly.
2. How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect, including Personal Information to:
facilitate and improve the Current Service; and
communicate with you.
2.1. Internal and Service-Related Usage.
We use information, including Personal Information, for internal and service-related purposes and may provide it to third parties to allow us to facilitate the Current Service. We may use and retain any data we collect to provide and improve our services.
2.2. Communications.
We may send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance.
2.3. Marketing.
We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission. We also do not provide any Personal Information to any third-party ad networks. We may use your Personal Information and other information to communicate with you by email or text message to provide you with information and offers we think may be of interest to you. We will send you text messages only with your consent, and you may opt out of emails by using the opt-out link in an email.
2.4. Aggregate Data.
We may anonymize and aggregate data collected through the Current Service and use it for any purpose. We do not consider information that has been anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual to be Personal Information.
We may share your information, including Personal Information:
with our third-party service providers;
with social networks, at your direction;
to comply with legal obligations;
to protect and defend our rights and property; and
with your permission.
2.5. Plaid
Current uses Plaid Inc. (“Plaid”) to gather End User’s data from financial institutions. By using our service, you grant Current and Plaid the right, power, and authority to act on your behalf to access and transmit your personal and financial information from the relevant financial institution. You agree to your personal and financial information being transferred, stored, and processed by Plaid in accordance with the Plaid Privacy Policy (
https://plaid.com/legal
).
3. How We May Disclose Your Information
3.1. Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of the Current Service.
3.2. Social Networking and Other Website Services.
The Current Service may allow you to share information, including Personal Information, with third-party services and social networking websites, such as Facebook and Twitter. We do not share your Personal Information with them unless you direct the Current Service to share it. Their use of the information will be governed by their privacy policies, and you may be able to modify your privacy settings on their websites.
3.3. As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information, other account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; respond to your requests; or protect yours', ours' or others' rights, property, or safety.
3.4. Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. We cannot control how such entities may use or disclose such information. We may also disclose your Personal Information with your permission.
4. Security of Your Information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Current Service or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Current Service. If we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Current Service or sending an email to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), please notify us at support@current.com
5. Links to Third Party Services
The Current Services may allow you to access third party services to provide information about you, including Personal Information, to the Current Service. This Policy applies only to the information collected by the Current Service. When logging into a third party service or following a link to third party websites from the Current Service, please be aware that the privacy practices of those services may differ. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy for each website you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of linked third party sites or services.
6. International Users
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your information you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
7. Update Your Information or Pose a Question
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy or the use of your information, or to modify or update any information we have received, please contact support@current.com
7.1. Modifying Your Information.
If you are a registered user of the Current Service, you may modify your account settings and information through the Settings portal within the Service.
7.2. Deleting Your Current Account.
You can delete your Current account through the Settings portal. When you delete your account, you and other Current users will no longer be able to view your account or profile information, but we may continue to have access to your information for a period of time in order to comply with applicable legal or service obligations.
7.3. Data Retention.
We will retain your account and associated information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Current Service. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
8. Changes to Our Policy and Practices
8.1. Posting of Revised Policy.
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any change in how we use Personal Information we will notify you by means of a notice on the Current Service prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
8.2. New Uses of Personal Information.
From time to time, we may desire to use Personal Information for uses not previously disclosed in our Policy. If our practices change regarding previously collected Personal Information in a way that would be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of this Policy in effect at the time we collected the information, we will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by law.
9. Contact Information
Finco Services, Inc. d/b/a Current
217 Centre Street #180
New York, NY 10013
support@current.com
Help
Blog
Contact Us
Company
Our Story
Careers
Press
Copyright © 2023 Current
Sitemap
Terms
Privacy
ESIGN Consent
Current is a financial technology company, not a bank. Banking
          services provided by Choice Financial Group, Member FDIC.
          Cryptocurrency services are not provided by Choice Financial Group,
          and cryptocurrency is not insured by or subject to the protections of
          the FDIC. The Current Visa Debit Card is issued by Choice Financial
          Group pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used
          everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted.
By clicking “Sign Up” I agree to receive Current messages to my mobile
          number and to the
terms
and
privacy policy
. Message & data rates
          may apply. Reply STOP to cancel.
Faster Direct Deposit
Faster access to funds is based on comparison of traditional banking
          policies and deposit of paper checks from employers and government
          agencies versus deposits made electronically. Direct deposit and
          earlier availability of funds is subject to timing of payer's
          submission of deposits. Individual Current accounts only.
ATM Fees
Out-of-network and International cash withdrawal fees apply.
          Additional third-party fees from the ATM owner may apply. Learn more
          at
Current Deposit Account Agreement
Savings Pods
The Annual Percentage Yield ("APY") for Current Interest is variable
          and may change at any time. The disclosed APY is effective as of
          January 18, 2023. Qualifying direct deposit of more than $200 required
          for 4.00% APY. No minimum balance required. Must have $0.01 in Savings
          Pods to earn Current Interest on up to $2000 in deposits per Savings
          Pod up to $6000 total. Please refer to
Current Interest Terms and Conditions
.
Overdrive
Please refer to Overdrive™ Features
Terms and Conditions
. Individual Current Accounts only.
Points
Earning rates over 1x are only available on Individual Current
          accounts at participating merchants.
Crypto
Cryptocurrency services are powered by Zero Hash LLC and Zero Hash
          Liquidity Services LLC, and may not be available in all states. Terms
          and conditions apply. When you buy or sell cryptocurrency, a
          difference between the current market price and the price you buy or
          sell that asset for is called a spread. However, unlike most other
          exchanges Current does not charge an additional trading fee.
          Cryptocurrency transactions are a form of investment, and all
          investments are subject to investment risks, including possible loss
          of the principal amount invested. Cryptocurrency is not insured by the
          FDIC or any other government-backed or third-party insurance. Your
          purchase of cryptocurrency is not a deposit or other obligation of, or
          guaranteed by, Choice Financial Group. The cryptocurrency assets in
          your Zero Hash account are not held at Current or Choice Financial
          Group. Current and Choice Financial Group are not responsible for the
          cryptocurrency assets held in any Zero Hash account. Neither Current,
          nor Choice, is involved in the purchase, sale, exchange of fiat funds
          for cryptocurrency, or custody of the cryptocurrencies. Terms and
          Conditions apply (
platform
and
user agreements
.)
            Crypto on Current is not currently available in HI. Licensed to engage
            in Virtual Currency Business Activity by the New York State Department
            of Financial Services. This does not constitute investment advice.