KBZ iBanking
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the website of KBZ Bank Ltd. This Privacy Notice forms a part of the terms and conditions and applies on your relationship with KBZ Bank and its related corporations and should be used in conjunction with those Terms and Conditions. This policy applies to any individual's and corporate's data which is in our possession or under control.

                        Personal Data include any data that can be used to identify a person such as Personal Particulars your NRIC number, Name, passport No, Home Address, other identification number, telephone number, education details..etc.), Specimen signatures , employment details, banking information, images and voice recording of our conversation with you and any other information relating to personals which you have provided to us.
KBZ collects, usesand disclose your Personal Data for the following purposes ,
Developing our banking products, services and facilities.
Processing your application for other products or services offered by us (including but not limited to third party products) the requests and instructions from you or other customer.
Evaluating your assets, credits and eligibility profile from time to time.
Verifying your identity for the purpose of performing bank account verification service for paying organizations.
Conducting credit checks or screening which are required by the law, regulation or directive.
Legal purposes (including but not limited to enforcing our legal rights, reviewing documents, obtaining legal advice and facilitating dispute resolutions)
Handling customer feedback or complaints.
Financial reporting, management reports, regulatory reporting and all other forms of reports, risk management (including monitoring credit exposures) and audit purpose reports.
For compliance with domestic and international anti-money laundering and counter terrorism financing (AML/CTF) regulations, standards and obligations.
Creating and maintaining credit and risk related models.
Purposes which are reasonably related to the above mentioned statements.
We may use your personal data for marketing purposes to offer you product and services including special offers and other entitlements that may be of interest to your or which you may be eligible. We may also collect and use your personal data for the purpose of sharing such Data with co-brand partner for marketing and promoting which the co-brand partner thinks may be of interest to you.
Your Personal Data held by us shall be kept confidential but we may from time to time in compliance with applicable laws on data privacy, disclose your personal data to any KBZ group of companies or to third parties whether located in Myanmar or elsewhere for the purpose of carrying out the purposes set out above.
By providing personal data relating to third party (e.g information of your husband/wife, partner, children, parents, friends,) to us, you represent and authorize that their permission has been obtained for the collection, use and disclose of Personal Data for the above listed purposes
We use cookies to monitor browsing preferences.
As KBZ relies on your Personal Data provided, we are encourage you to provide the correct, accurate and completed data to us. You shall ensure at all time the information provided are updated in a timely manner of all changes to the provided information to KBZ.
Your personal data is retained as long as we need for the above mentioned purposes until it is no longer necessary for any other business and legal purposes.
This notice does not detract from the Terms and Conditions and other local and regional law and rights. Other rights of data collections, use and disclosure available are not limited under this KBZ privacy statement.
You may withdraw or make corrections to your personal data held by KBZ. However, KBZ may charge a fee and shall take a reasonable period of time to process your request. Such fee and time may depend the nature and complexity of your request. Please contact ( informationsecurity@kbzbank.com )on how you may request such cases.
2017 © KBZ Bank Limited. All Rights Reserved.