Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The security of your personal data is important to us. This Privacy Policy is designed to ensure that your data is protected when you use or enter any MOLIYA CENTRE game, application or other digital content .
Using our Services, you consent to the collection and processing of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Services.
This Privacy Policy (in conjunction with the Terms of Use) sets the rules on the basis of which we process personal data that we receive from you or that you provide to us through the Services.
If you have questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at better_is_butter@aol.com
In this Privacy Policy, the terms “ MOLIYA CENTRE ” / “we” / “our” / “us” mean Team   MOLIYA CENTRE Developers , and “you” / “your” means you as a user of our Services.
1. AGE RESTRICTIONS
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 18 years of age. If you are under 18, please do not provide us with any personal data.
2. PERSONAL DATA WHICH WE CAN COLLECT
C statistics on activities and trends that do not personally identify you. Such data includes data about your mobile device and your use of our Services, including unique device identifier (UDID), international mobile equipment identifier (IMEI), Android ID, device MAC address, social network ID, advertising ID for the platform Android , IDFA advertising identifier, type of operating system, timestamps, data on downloaded applications, traffic, location.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1 We use data about you as follows:
3.1.1 to ensure the optimal operation of the Services for you and your device;
3.1.2 for your identification when using the Services;
3.1.3 in order to answer your questions and improve the Services;
3.1.4 for notification of changes in the operation of our Services;
3.1.5 in order to provide you with information about updates and other special offers and new features of our Services; and
3.1.6 for advertising purposes, if you consent to this, leaving this option in the settings of your device (see the settings of your device); You can withdraw your consent by contacting us.
4. WHO YOUR PERSONAL DATA CAN BE TRANSMITTED TO
4.1 We may transfer your personal data to third parties in the following cases:
4.1.1 for advertising purposes;
4.1.2 to our partners and service providers for the following purposes: to manage or administer certain aspects of our Services; for analysis purposes; to improve our services;
4.1.3 to protect the rights, property or safety of us or other users of the Services;
4.1.4 in cases where we are obligated or permitted by law; or
4.1.5 if we (or virtually all of our assets) are acquired by a third party, in which case the personal data of our users that we own will be one of the transferred assets.
We may share with third parties general information regarding how our users use our Services, but such information does not include data that allows you to personally identify you.
5. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5.1 We take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect the personal data that we hold. Access to your personal data is granted only to those persons who, in our opinion, should really become familiar with them as part of their work.
5.2 The information we receive from you may be transmitted and stored in a place located outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ). It can also be processed by our employees, as well as employees of one of our subsidiaries or a third party engaged by us, working outside the EEA. By submitting your personal data to us, you consent to such transfer, storage or processing. We will take all reasonable measures necessary to ensure the safety of your personal data in all these cases in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet cannot be absolutely secure. Despite the fact that we take all measures to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the protection of your information transmitted to us within our Services, and you accept the risks of such a transfer.
5.4 By transferring your personal data to us, you agree that we will store your data for as long as it will be necessary (up to 5 years) in order to ensure the operation of any of the services we provide or to comply with applicable laws, requests and relevant orders of the courts of competent jurisdiction.
7. LINKS
Our Services may contain links from other sites and services, as well as leading to other sites and services. We are not responsible for the procedure for using personal data or the content of third-party sites. Please check the privacy policies of such websites and services before sending them any personal data.
8. ADVERTISERS
8.1 From time to time, we may engage third-party advertisers or sponsors in our Services. In this case, we do not disclose any information that allows us to identify specific users, but we can provide them with generalized information about our users. We can also use this aggregated information to help advertisers reach the audience they’re targeting (for example, men from London). We may use the personal data received from you to satisfy the request of our advertisers or sponsors to show their advertising to such a target audience.
9. PROTECTING YOUR ACCOUNT
9.1 In cases where you are provided (or in cases where you have chosen) a password that gives you access to certain types of Services, you are responsible for ensuring the security of this password, as well as for any improper use of such data. You should change your password regularly and not share it with anyone.
9.2 You are solely responsible for the protection and confidentiality of your account. Please make sure that you do not provide anyone with access to the Services on your behalf and log out after working with your account.
9.3 You are responsible for all orders, as well as for the accuracy of information sent via the Internet using your user ID, password or other personal identification tools used to identify you in the Services.
9.4 You are responsible to us for all orders or transactions made using your user ID and password, even if such use was erroneous. We do not bear any responsibility to you for any damage that you may incur as a result of the improper use of your user ID and password, and we do not accept obligations arising from such illegal use, whether for fraudulent or other purposes.
10. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to send us a request to terminate the use of your personal data for marketing, analytical or other purposes.
You can refuse to collect your data by contacting us at:
better_is_butter@aol.com
11. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we make changes to our Privacy Policy, and any changes that we may make in the future will be published on this page, and if applicable, you will receive a notification by e-mail or in any other way.