Fifty Shades of Apps Privacy Policy - Family Locator
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Fifty Shades of Apps Privacy Policy
Home
Family Locator
Fifty Shades of Apps Privacy Policy
Home
Family Locator
More
Home
Family Locator
Family Locator
Welcome to
Family Locator
. The Platform is provided and controlled by
Fifty Shades of Apps
. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy covers the experience we provide for users age 13 and over on our Platform.
If you choose to use my services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. Before accessing or using our Service, please ensure that you have read and understood how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information. The personal information that I collected is used for providing and improving the services. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described by privacy police.
1. Information we collected
We collect information when you create an account and use the Platform. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform. Link to privacy policy of third party services providers used by the app.
GOOGLE Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
We also collect information contained in the messages you send through our app and information from your phone book, if you grant us access to your phone book on your mobile device. More information about the categories and sources of information is provided below.
Information you choose to provide us
For certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:
Profile Information
We collect information when you create an account including your username, email address and information you disclose in your user profile and your photograph. We may use this information to personalize your profile, interact with family members and circle and also maintain, operate and provide the features and functionality of the services.
Location data
We collect information about your location, including location information based on your location or IP address. With your permission, we may also collect Global Positioning System (GPS) data. We may use this information to provide you the updated location of your family members, friends or circled members.
Payment and Transaction Information
If you make in-app purchases e.g., for our premium service), we collect information about your credit card, billing address and payment and other information such as payment time and date. We keep a record of the purchases you make, the time at which you make those purchases and the amount spent so that we can credit your account with the correct value in coins. We use this information to process your purchase through our services and detect or prevent fraud.
2. How we use your personal data
We will use the information we collect about you based on the legal grounds described below.
• To provide and maintain our Service
• To notify you about changes to our Service
• To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
• To provide customer support
• To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
• To monitor the usage of our Service
• To detect, prevent and address technical issues
3. Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related tasks or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
4. Security of Data
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.
5. Children&#39;s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (&quot;Children&quot;). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
6. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the &quot;effectivedate&quot ; at the top of this privacy policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
7. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
• By email: fiftyshadesofapps@gmail.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse