Privacy Policy
Privacy & Terms
Last Update: Jan 2021
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Anime Wallpaper Team (the “team”, “we” or “us”)
        and we are committed to protecting your privacy. Anime Wallpaper provides this
        Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use and disclose
        information, including what you may provide to us or that we obtain from
        our products and services. This Privacy Policy explains how we treat
        your information and protects your privacy when you use our mobile
        applications and related services (“the Software andServices”) and the
        rights and options available to you regarding your information. We
        believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the
        information we may collect and use when you use the Software and
        Services. The Software and Services may include various features and
        content that are offered and delivered to you by us and/or by third
        parties, such as images, messages, advertisements, gifs and videos, as
        well as features and content that you may choose to add ("Content"). IF
        YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, DO NOT
        USE THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES.
Amendments to this Policy
We may periodically make changes to this Policy as we update or expand
        our Services. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy
        Policy by notifying you via the email we have on file for you, or by
        means of a notice on our Services in advance of the effective date of
        the changes. If you do not agree to the changes, you should discontinue
        your use of the Services prior to the time the modified Policy takes
        effect. If you continue using the Services after the modified Policy
        takes effect, you will be bound by the modified Policy. Furthermore, we
        may provide you with “just-in-time” disclosures or additional
        information about the data collection, use and sharing practices of
        specific Services. These notices may provide more information about our
        privacy practices, or provide you with additional choices about how we
        process your personal information.
Information Collection
In this Policy, the term “personal information” includes any information
        that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. When you access or
        use our Services, we may generally collect the personal information
        described below.
For better user experiences, we may collect the following information.
I. Photos
In order to use some of the features of the Software and Services
        (including but not limited to customizing wallpapers or images), you may
        voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo
        album to obtain photo stored in your mobile device. When you use photos
        to customize your wallpapers, we may collect your photos but will not
        save them. Therefore, if you don’t want us to use these images, please
        do not use this feature of the Software and Services.
II. Support Related Information
If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may
        also collect your email address, name and any information voluntarily
        submitted by you in connection with such support (for example, your
        name, company name, and particular support query or request). Such
        information will only be used to provide you with support services and
        will not be connected with any other information collected from you on
        or through the Software and Services, including, any individual User ID
        (as defined below) generated or collected by us. When you use the
        Software and Services, we automatically generate an anonymous internal
        user ID (which does not personally identify you), which is assigned to
        your use of the Software and Services (the "User ID") and may be
        combined with any of the above information.
III. Technical Information
Certain technical information regarding your device, including the type,
        name and version of operating system and Other Software including,
        without limitation: (i) their interactions with the Software and
        Services, your configuration and settings of the Software and Services,
        version of the Software and Services; (ii)ISP (Internet Service
        Provider) , Internet protocol (IP) address, Media Access Control (MAC)
        address,anonymous user identifiers, device configuration and
        identifiers; (iii)Advertising ID (Identifier for Advertisers used in
        Android, such as Google advertising ID (GAID)); (iv) location;
        (v)Android ID (which are used locally, never saved on servers).
IV. Payment data
We may collect information about your subscription orders, such as
        purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not
        collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of
        payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using
        third-party companies (such as Google).These companies can be contacted
        through their websites:
https://play.google.com
. Before
        entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and
        become familiar with the privacy policy.
V. Contact Information
When you sign up to create an account with some of our Apps, you will be
        required to provide an email address, or other contact information as
        part of the registration process. Alternatively, you can use your
        Facebook Account or other third party social network accounts (together,
        “Social Media Account”) to register for the Services.
VI. Social Media Account Information
When you sign up with a Social Media Account, you will be asked to
        choose which information you would like to share with us, such as your
        email address, birthday, friends list, or public profile information.
        When you decide to use a Social Media Account to sign up for our
        Services, we only require the collection of the email address associated
        with your Social Media Account; all other information provided by you is
        voluntary.
VII. Your Content
When using some of our Services, you can create, post, upload or share
        content by providing us with access to your photos, media and files, and
        your device’s camera. You voluntarily provide this information to us.
        When you choose to share content with us, we automatically collect
        information about your Wi-Fi connection, and call information. We may
        store any information about your interactions on our Services or any
        content created, posted or shared by you on our Services (e.g.,
        pictures, comments, support tickets, and other content) indefinitely
        after the closure your account for the establishment or defense of legal
        claims, audit and crime prevention purposes.
VIII. Third Parties
We may make third party applications, such as extensions, available
        through the Services. The information collected by us when you enable a
        third party application is processed under this Privacy Policy.
        Information collected by the third party application provider is
        governed by their privacy policies.
For example:
-Firebase, Privacy and Security,
Terms of Service
-Admob, Google Privcay Policy,
Adsense Terms of Service
Information Usage
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve the
        Software and Services. Additionally, we use your information to keep you
        safe. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we
        use your information: 1 Deliver Services. Deliver the Software and
        Services to you and maintain, improve the quality and operation of the
        Software and Services, ensure their optimal functionality and operation.
        2 Maintain Relationship. Identify, establish and manage your account and
        our relationship with you. 3 Respond Requests. Provide you with customer
        support and respond to your requests. 4 Customize Content. (i) To
        improve and customize the Software and Services; (ii) To provide you
        personalized content, including through the delivery of targeted
        interest-based advertisements from us or our partners. If any new
        purposes for processing your information arise we will let you know
        before we start to process information on that other purpose by
        introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy. While it
        is not our intention to collect any personally identifiable information
        (“PII”) (except for those set forth in this Privacy Policy), the data
        collected may include PII. As part of our privacy measures, we implement
        certain rules designed to avoid the unintentional collection of PII such
        as email addresses, social security numbers, phone number, credit card
        numbers etc. Such rules are based on known field types, parameters,
        values and algorithms but they are not foolproof and hence the Software
        and Services may sometimes, unintentionally, collect unwanted
        information. We regularly examine and update these rules to avoid this
        happened. If you located in the EEA or Ca USA, as required by law, you
        hereby grant your consent to us to use or process your personal
        information only for the purpose described above once you use the
        Software or the Service. And you may withdraw your consent at any time
        by contacting us.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We will not share any PII that we have collected from you except for the
        following events: 1. If we are required by law to disclose your
        information, we may share your information with law enforcement or other
        competent authorities and any third party, as may be required (e.g., to
        detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical
        issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process, subpoena, or
        governmental request; or to protect the rights, property, or personal
        safety of the team’s users, its partners, or the general public); 2. In
        the event the team goes through a business transition such as a merger
        or acquisition by another company, consolidation, change of control,
        reorganization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your
        information will be among the assets transferred.
Data Protection
All confidential data stored in your device and transmitted to our cloud
        services is encrypted and has restricted access to the corresponding
        usage. Change of Control If we sell or otherwise transfer part of the
        whole of products or our assets to another organizations, data received
        from or about our users may be among the items sold or transferred. The
        buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in
        this Privacy Policy.
SECURITY AND STORAGE OF INFORMATION
We will try to limit the storage of your personal information to the
        time necessary to serve the purpose(s) for which your personal
        information was processed, to enforce our agreement, policies or terms,
        to resolve disputes, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
        Please contact us if you have any questions about our retention periods.
Children’s Policy
We ensure that we comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection
        Act (COPPA), and does not knowingly collect personal information from
        children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are in the EEA, our
        Software and Services is not directed to children under 16, and we do
        not knowingly collect PII from children under 16. If a parent or
        guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with
        information without his/her consent, he or she should promptly contact
        us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is
        deleted from our files.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact
        us at wallpaper.design.tech.hd@gmail.com.