RayJayFro
RayJayFro
Entertaining applications for your Android powered devices.
Friday, November 18, 2011
Home of RayJayFro
Human Readable Privacy Policy
Information that is gathered from users
1. Device ID
2. Cookies
3. The data collected
does not
include any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) that could be used to identify or track individual end users.
How this Information is used
1. This data is being used solely to collect anonymous traffic data and prevent fraudulent activity and is not kept on record in any manner by RayJayFro LLC.
User Options
1. Contact us at mergatroy88@gmail.com for more information if you have questions regarding this human readable privacy policy.
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website.
We take our users privacy very seriously and therefore have made this policy as easy to understand as possible.  If you have questions, don't hesitate to contact us.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 unless or except as permitted by law. ANY PERSON WHO VISITS ANY OF THE WEBSITES OR USES ANY OF THE MOBILE APPS REPRESENTS TO US THAT HE OR SHE IS 13 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER. If we are made aware that we have received personally identifiable information from someone under 13, We will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
United State Of America
The information collected by us is hosted in the United States of America and is subject to U.S. state and federal law. If you are accessing our Services from other jurisdictions, please be advised that you are transferring your personal information to us in the United States where data protection and privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws of your country. BY USING OUR WEBSITES AND/OR MOBILE APPS, YOU CONSENT TO THE TRANSFER AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
We also gather non-personally identifiable information from Users of our Services. Non-personally identifiable information is information that usually cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity, and may include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifiers, anonymous IDs for advertising, operating system, mobile network information, browser type, existing applications, and non-precise device location information (e.g., city or region).
If you need support for any of our android applications contact us at
mergatroy88@gmail.com and we will get back to you as soon as we can.
We respect our users privacy and do not store any user info.  To keep our apps free we do however use select advertising and analytic partners and share certain information with them including but not limited to device identifiers or advertising ID, similar to the way browser cookies work.
We do not access or track any geolocation at any time.
Like all free apps, we do receive general information about our users to help analyze our traffic and user base including information about your mobile device, such as unique identifier, type of device and operating system version as well as analytic and crash data.
This information is used to help provide a great user experience and manage our mobile application so that we may diagnose and fix any issues uncovered.  Although this information is collected, we do not actually store any of the aforementioned data on our own servers.  The services we use are listed below with links for more information including any opt out methods.
To learn more about these uses  and the companies we are partnered with click each of the following links:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
http://www.appbrain.com/info/help/privacy.html
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Posted by
RayJayFro
at
12:44 PM
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Followers
About Me
RayJayFro
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
▼
2011
(1)
▼
November
(1)
Home of RayJayFro
Simple theme. Powered by
Blogger
.