Beelingo.com
Back
Beelingo.com - Privacy Policy
Cookies
|
Privacy
|
Terms of use
|
Mobile apps
|
Support
Privacy Policy
Introduction & General Terms
﻿
IronServices
is committed to protecting both your personal information and that of your family when using
﻿Beelingo.com
services and
its associated mobile applications
. We want our services to be safe and enjoyable environments for our audience. This Privacy Policy relates to our use of personal information you provide through phone, text, email, or written correspondence.
It also covers information provided online or via mobile.
In order to provide you with the full range of ﻿Beelingo.com services, we sometimes need to collect information about you.
Privacy Policy explains the following:
- What information ﻿Beelingo.com and mobile applications may collect about you;
- How ﻿Beelingo.com and mobile applications  will use information we collect about you;
- When ﻿Beelingo.com and mobile applications  may use your details to contact you;
- Whether ﻿Beelingo.com will disclose your details to anyone else;
- Your choices regarding the personal information you provide to us;
- The use of cookies on ﻿Beelingo.com websites and how you can reject these cookies.
Beelingo.com and the mobile aplications
are committed to
safeguarding your personal information
. When you provide such information, we are legally obligated to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the Data Protection Act 1998 (these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the "data protection laws") and laws such as GDPR for Europe...
﻿
Beelingo.com's websites and ads within our mobile applications
contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites have their own privacy policies, and are also likely to use cookies, and we therefore urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit, which may also be collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk. You can get more information at these links:
Cookies
and
GooglePrivacy & Terms - Advertising
.
2. What information will ﻿Beelingo.com and the mobile applications collect about me?
Information collected from the
mobile applications
Our applications neither collect nor transmit any personal information to our servers.
This includes details such as name, age, email address, gender, or sexual orientation. They also don't send information related to the device, internet provider, user's phone number, or any other data that could identify the user without their explicit consent.
From our applications, we only transfer the minimal information required to provide our services. For instance, in
our audiobook service
, we access our servers solely to fetch the texts and covers of the books, and this is only in online mode. Similarly, for
our dictionary service
, we access just to display images associated with the words.
We want to emphasize that we do not share information with third parties
.
Some appications display ads using the
Google's Admob advertising service
. Admob's privacy policy is available at
GooglePrivacy & Terms - Advertising
. In this case, information can indeed be transmitted which may include a non-precise location, or the device ID. Prior acceptance of the privacy form associated with the advertising service will be requested for this. You can revoke or review the terms from the served ads.
This data is never sent to our servers as it is directly managed by Google AdMob's servers
.
All our applications have a section where you can review the privacy policy and terms of use, as well as
contact us
. If you decide to communicate with us,
no information related to your system or personal data will be transmitted
. If you want us to contact you, you will need to provide us with a means, either email or phone. This information will be used only for the time necessary to address your request and will not be shared with third parties, being immediately deleted after the appropriate assistance has been provided.
Some applications offer the option to
chat with artificial intelligences
. Before using this service, you will be presented with a form containing relevant information that you must accept or decline. You can only access the service if you accept these terms. Every time the conditions change, you will need to accept them again. From the same chat option, you can revoke your acceptance or review the agreed-upon terms.
These are the main points you should be aware of:
The CHAT service is provided by OpenAI through its API. The information you send is transmitted from our servers to OpenAI's, after applying certain filters and adjustments. OpenAI does not store your conversation data and they will not be used to train other AIs. (This differs if you use their services directly).
Currently, our artificial intelligences do not retain long-term memory, so we do not store your conversations or create profiles based on them. Thus, the AIs will not respond based on previous conversations.
Regarding short-term memory (queries in a single chat session), our AIs do not save conversations either on our servers or locally. However, this aspect will change soon, and you will be informed to accept the new terms. Even with these changes, the information will be deleted daily.
Apps that show ads - IPhone, IPAD & MAC
English Audiobooks - LibriVox
English Dictionary - Offline
Learn English - Beelingo
Mobile apps that don't show ads - IPhone, IPAD & MAC
English Audiobooks - LibriVox (Premium)
English Dictionary - Offline (Premium)
Learn English - Beeling (Premium Version)
Learn English - Hangman Game
Apps that show ads - Android &Amp; Microsoft Windows - published on Amazon Appstore
English Dictionary - Offline
Learn English - Beelingo
Apps that show ads - Android - published on Google Play Store
English Audiobooks - Librivox
English Dictionary - Offline
Learn English - Beelingo
Mobile apps that don't show ads - Android published on Google Play Store
Learn English - Hangman Game
English Audiobooks - LibriVox (Premium)
English Dictionary - Offline (Premium)
Learn English - Beelingo (Premium Version)
Information collected from the website
When you participate in, access or sign up to any of the ﻿Beelingo.com’s services, activities or online content, such as newsletters, live chats, message boards, telephone or text the ﻿Beelingo.com, vote, or you use the support page we may receive personal information about you. This can consist of information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone or mobile number or date of birth, depending on the activity.
By submitting your details, you enable ﻿Beelingo.com to provide you with the services, activities or online content you select.
Please note that sometimes we will require you to provide additional personal information, and sometimes sensitive personal information (e.g. if you're sending in an application to be a contributor). When we do this we will provide further information as to why we are collecting your information and how we will use it.
﻿Beelingo.com also uses cookies (see
Cookies page
for details) and collects IP addresses (an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet) from visitors to ﻿Beelingo.com websites.
3. How will
the website
"﻿Beelingo.com" use the information it collects about me?
Beelingo.com will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following:
- to provide our services, activities or online content and to deal with your requests and enquiries;
- for "service administration purposes", which means that Beelingo.com may contact you for reasons related to the service, activity or online content you have signed up for, as set out in section 4 below (e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service, activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance);
- to contact you about a submission you have made, including any content you provide.
- to provide you with information about our services, activities or online content;
- to personalise the way Beelingo.com content is presented to you;
- to use IP addresses to identify the location of users, to block disruptive use, to establish the number of visits from different countries.;
- to analyse and improve the services offered on Beelingo.com websites;
- to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience. Beelingo.com may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes. A certain amount of this advertising is tailored to the individual user. Beelingo.com uses cookies to work out what advertising might be most relevant to you based on the pages you look at, and your IP address information. This is a practice widely used by other major web publishers and is known as “onsite behavioural targeting”. The tracking system is anonymised and therefore it does not “know who you are”: it simply uses the limited information available to it to serve ads to you. Find out more about Beelingo.com’s use of its behavioural targeting system in the section of the Beelingo.com Privacy & Cookies website.
Beelingo.com proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first. You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above.
4. When will Beelingo.com contact me?
﻿The Beelingo.com may contact you:
- in relation to any service, activity or online content you have signed up for in order to ensure that the Beelingo.com can deliver the services to you;
- in relation to any correspondence we receive from you or any comment or complaint you make about Beelingo.com products or services;
- in relation to any contribution you have submitted to the Beelingo.com, e.g. on the Beelingo.com message boards or via text or voicemail message;
- to invite you to participate in surveys about Beelingo.com services (participation is always voluntary); and
                    for marketing purposes, where you have agreed to this-,
                    Local pages will give you detailed information about how Beelingo.comC will contact you in relation to specific services, activities or online content.
5. Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
Beelingo.com will only use your information for marketing purposes, or to promote new services, activities or online content where you have agreed to this.
6. Will Beelingo.com share my personal information with anyone else?
﻿
We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies). Generally, we will only use your information within Beelingo.com. However, sometimes Beelingo.com uses third parties to process your information on our behalf. Beelingo.com requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and Beelingo.com requires that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes, unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way.
7. Offensive or inappropriate content on Beelingo.com websites
﻿If you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to Beelingo.com websites or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any Beelingo.com service, the Beelingo.com may use your personal information to stop such behaviour.
Where Beelingo.com reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws (e.g. because content you have posted may be defamatory), Beelingo.com may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer, school email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
8. What if I am a user aged 16 or under?
﻿
If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission before you provide any personal information to Beelingo.com. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
These Services and the mobile applications do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
9. How long will keep my personal information?
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with Beelingo.com's retention schedule (a database that defines which documents should be kept and for how long). If you cancel your registration as a Beelingo.com website member and your account is deleted a red flag goes on the database and, while Beelingo.com cannot use the personal information, it stays on the system for a period of one year for administration purposes before being deleted automatically.
Where you contribute material to Beelingo.com we will generally only keep your content for as long as is reasonably required for the purpose(s) for which it was submitted. For example, we will only keep copies of entries to a photographic competition for the duration of the competition.
10. Cookies Policy - Information Beelingo.com collects from you
﻿
a. What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer, tablet or mobile phone (referred to here as a "device") browser from a website's computer and is stored on your device's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows.
On Beelingo.com websites, cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor our websites to your interests.
During the course of any visit to a Beelingo.com website, the pages you see, along with a cookie, are downloaded to your device. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.
In our mobile applications, when communicating with the website "Beelingo.com ", no cookies are used to track the user or record their activity. Only the necessary cookies are provided to enable the download of the resources required for the application to function (images, sounds or texts).Only the displayed ads use tracking cookies if prior consent has been given. In this case, the ads shown are solely related to Google Admob, and Beelingo does not access, modify, or store such information. For more details, please refer to our cookie page.
b. How does the beelingo websites use cookies?
Information supplied by cookies can help us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience. For example, if on a previous visit you went to our education pages, we might find this out from your cookie and highlight educational information on your second and subsequent visits. Beelingo.com uses this type of information to help improve the services it provides to its users. All third parties are strictly required not to use any information for their own business or other purposes. Certain areas of Beelingo.com websites may use cookies for a specific reason - for example, to help an online game work effectively on your device.
Additionally, Beelingo.com uses cookies to serve some targeted advertising. Further information, including how to opt-out of receiving these cookies, can be found in the users section of the Cookies website.
c. Third Party Cookies in embedded content on Beelingo.com pages
Please note that during your visits to Beelingo.com websites you may notice some cookies that are not related to the Beelingo.com. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Flickr, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. Beelingo.com does not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the third party websites for more information about these. Find out more about third party cookies in embedded content.
d. Beelingo.com cookies and how to reject cookies?
Full information about how the Beelingo.com uses cookies can be found in the cookies section of the Beelingo.com.
If you wish to control what cookies are set on your device through the Beelingo.com website then you can find out how to do this in the Managing Cookies section of the Beelingo.com Privacy & Cookies website. It is important to note that if you change your settings and block certain cookies, this means that certain personalised features cannot then be provided and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the websites' features.
11. Changes to Beelingo.com's Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the Beelingo.com. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use Beelingo.com websites to submit personal information to the Beelingo.com. If material changes are made to the Privacy Policy we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the website.
12. Contacting the Beelingo.com about this Privacy Policy
If you any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact:
Beelingo.com
info@ironServices.com
Circumval·lació Baixa 16
Cerdanyola del Vallés,08290 Barcelona
Spain
© 2012 - 2024 Beelingo.com
|
Cookies
|
Privacy
|
Terms of use
|
Mobile apps
|
Support