Privacy Policy
At Recipe book, we understand our role and our social obligation in protecting all personal information held by us. As such, we have drawn up this personal information protection policy ("Privacy Policy") to explicitly state the intention of all our officers and employees to obey all applicable laws and regulations on personal information usage and disclosure, to implement an appropriate data protection management system, and to maintain and enhance such system in light of the social and technological changes of an ever-evolving society.
RecipeBook provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the RecipeBook Services. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service. As used in this policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organisation or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.
Information Collected by Us
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Services.
Service Preferences:
User preferences that you provide us to help us tailor our Services to you.
Device Information:
Browser and device identifiers, and connection information such as IP addresses to enable services and to analyse trends, administer our Services, track use around our Services, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Payment Information:
Relevant payment transaction information but only as actioned through our third party merchants (such as the Apple App Store and Google Play Store). This does not include sensitive information relating to the payment medium itself (such as credit card numbers).
System Logging:
For systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times, URL requested, and referral URL. The majority of this information is not linked to personally identifiable information.
Usage Information:
Details of your access and use of the Service including, but not limited to, traffic data, broad location data, other communication data, the resources that you access and the areas of the Service that you access.
Customer Support:
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence and other information relevant to client enquiries. This includes any information you provide when you report a problem with the Service or provide any feedback on our Services.
Other information:
All voluntary information you provide us if you complete any surveys that we use for research purposes.
The nature of some of our Services requires that you provide information to us to be stored on our Services and Products. Where you are required to sign up we may collect the following information in conjunction with all other collected information:
Account Information:
Personal information, such as your name, email address and a password to register the account.
Content Information:
Content including, but not limited to text, information and images you supply when creating or posting information through our Service. However, any images provided or uploaded on our Services must not contain any personal information.
Other Personal Information:
Demographic information, such as preferences and interests.
Cookies :
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to collect Log Data and other information. A cookie is a small data file that your browser places on your computer that helps us understand how you interact with the Site and use our Services. We use two types of cookies. We use persistent cookies to save information like your search preferences, your Account settings and login information, so that we can remember you and your settings when you return to the Site. We use session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site or our Services, but unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted when you leave or log off from the Site and/or when you close your browser. Third-party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies but you can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services. We may also use third parties to collect usage analytics for our Site and the Services we offer. These third parties will place their own cookies to collect traffic and activity data in order to deliver us relevant metrics and information. We do not share any personal information of our users with these parties, but we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to help improve our Site and the Services we offer. The collection of this data by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policy. For more information visit: Google Analytics and Firebase
Right to Recipes:
Both RecipeBook and You shall have an equal right to Recipes and shall use the same for any purpose including showcasing it on various platforms of RecipeBook as it may deem fit.
How we Use the Collected Information
Collecting this data allows us to provide our Service and functions to you, helps us understand your needs and what you expect from us as RecipeBook, enabling us to deliver improved Products and Services. Specifically, we may use data for:
Providing, Developing and Improving our Services
Delivering the information and support you request, support and administrative messages, alerts, and provide assistance for problems with our Services
Providing, maintaining and improving our Services
Developing new Products, services and improvements
Improving, personalising, and facilitating your use of our Services
Providing you with the Products and features you choose to use
Processing or recording payment transactions
Measuring, tracking, and analysing trends and usage in connection with your use or the performance of our Services
Providing Personalised Account Services
Where required and provided, to create you a personalised private account to securely store your information and data within. This is an integral part of some of our Services that allows your data to be secured and accessible by only you.
Protecting our Services and Maintaining Security
Investigating, detecting, preventing, or reporting fraud, misrepresentations, security breaches or incidents, other potentially prohibited or illegal activities, or to otherwise help protect your account or information.
Protecting the security and integrity of our Services.
Enforcing our Terms of Service or other applicable agreements or policies.
Complying with any applicable laws or regulations, or in response to lawful requests for information from the government or through legal process
Contacting you to provide assistance with our Services
Other uses
For any other purpose disclosed to you in conjunction with our Services.
Permissions We Collect and its Use
Get Accounts Permission:
Through this permission, we are accessing the email ID, user's display name, user id, user profile photo URL, user login provider. This is used for accessing the accounts saved in the device for registering in RecipeBook. This is used for creating a unique user profile and managing the recipes and activities for an individual user.
Use Camera Permission:
Accessed for capturing images for Recipe Upload feature, Snap’n’Cook feature etc.
Write External Storage Permission:
Used for storing captured images from Recipe Upload feature and Snap’n’Cook feature to the internal storage before uploading to server.
Read External Storage Permission:
Used to access the images or videos from the gallery for uploading recipe image, cooking direction etc
Access Network State Permission:
Accessed for showing the real time state of the network, and for optimizing the home screen if slow connection is detected.
Access Coarse Location and Access Find Location Permission:
Accessed for delivering localised feeds.
Information Shared with Others
We do not share your Personal Information we have collected from you, except as described in this Privacy Policy or when you share something through our Service (like when you use the Import button) or you give us your consent to do so (like when we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide us with such information), with your Social Network Sites (if you allow such sharing), or with your friends with whom you want to connect (according to the preferences you have set in your Account).
Aggregate Information :
We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information, Application Usage Information and Log Data with third parties (including suppliers, advertisers, research companies and other organizations) for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.
Service Providers :
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site\'s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement :
RecipeBook cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of RecipeBook or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
Business Transfers :
RecipeBook may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
All registered users may review, update, correct or delete their Personal Information by contacting us or by making the appropriate modifications in your user account preferences through the Site and/or Application. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request, however, we may have to retain a copy of some of your information for record keeping purposes.
Security
RecipeBook is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, however, despite these efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us, RecipeBook transfers Personal Information to India and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links to Other Sites
Our Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by "clicking on" a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Our Policy Towards Children
This Site or App is not directed to children and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under 13, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) Policy
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we may work with partners who use mobile SDKs, including the OneSignal Messaging SDK, to passively collect information (collectively, "SDK Information"), which generally helps us deliver personalized notifications. This data may also be used to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers for the purposes of customizing ads or content. Depending on the permissions granted to this application, this information may include personally identifiable information (PII) including your e-mail address. This information may also include precise location (i.e. GPS-level data) or WiFi information, apps you have installed and enabled, and your mobile identifier (e.g., Android Advertising ID).
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options
a. Opting-out of OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to your device "Settings" and clicking on "Notifications," and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.)
b. Opting Out of "Cross-App" Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of interest-based (also called "cross-app") mobile behavioral advertising, by accessing the "settings" on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows: By opening the Google Settings app on your device, selecting Ads, and then selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.)
In-App Purchases T&C:
Post subscription, Recipe Book will not entertain any requests for a refund of the in app purchase fee, under any circumstances.
In the event of a payment delay/failure for paid ad-free subscribers, we shall offer a grace period of 3 days of ad-free usage of Recipe Book, after which advertisements shall be displayed.
The subscription period is one year, post which the users have to renew the subscription. Recipe Book does not initiate an auto renewal.
The subscription plans and fees are subject to variations in future.