Bajake Studios |   Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Services
Technology
Career
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Services
Technology
Career
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Bajake Studios |   Privacy Policy
246
page,page-id-246,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode-theme-ver-2.1.1,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.11.2.1,vc_responsive
Bajake Studios Privacy Policy
Introduction
The terms in this Privacy Policy govern the manner in which Bajake Studios collects and uses any information you (Users) provide in connection with any Bajake Studios game or Application (Hereinafter, “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to all Services offered by Bajake Studios. By using our Services, Users agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Bajake Studios may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time; therefore, Users are encouraged to consult the Privacy Policy regularly.
Personal identification information
When you install our apps and games, we may collect and record information to enhance the experience and benefits of using our Services. We will collect personal public information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us through our Services. Users can always refuse to supply personal information. In said case, users should avoid using social network features such as sharing requests.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with our Services. Said information includes —but is not limited to— device type, brand and model, Android OS version, unique device identifiers, location and country.
Personal Information
Personal information collected in accordance with our Services may vary depending on the activity and may include: social networking basic profile information (Apps have a basic connection to a user’s Facebook account to ask for permission to post on the user’s behalf or to read other fields from the user’s timeline or their friends’ timelines), Request read permissions (to fill the stream with photos, the user must grant the app two “read permissions” that let the app read the user’s photos and their friends’ photos), Request publish permissions (the user must grant the app a “publish permission” to share photos).
Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices
By accessing the Services through a social network, or mobile device, Users are authorizing Bajake Studios to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that they agreed the social network, mobile device platform could provide to Bajake Studios through the social network/mobile device. Their agreement takes place when they connect with the third party network, platform or service via the Services, and/or when you connect with the Services, or “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) Services to access your information through a social network, OR mobile device or other third party platform or service. Bajake Studios may also collect or receive information about you from other Services Users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by Bajake Studios and used primarily to help Users and their friends connect.
Information Usage
Bajake Studios may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information Users provide helps us respond to comments, support needs, and customer service requests more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided by our Services. In addition, the personal information Users provide will allow Bajake Studios to send them messages regarding, among other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and other events of their interest. Users may also later opt out of these communications by sending us an email or simply just by uninstalling our Services.
Permissions that may use sensitive information
The following is a detailed list of permissions —and the way in which we implement them— that we use and that may use sensitive information:
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE and READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
We use these permissions in some games or apps to save captured images of the game on the SD and read them to provide sharing options to the user. We also may use the read permission in some games to improve users experience and let them import images from their devices for change the characters skins.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. The sole exception to this is personal information that is required by law enforcement authorities or similar organizations in case of a criminal investigation, prevention of fraud or criminal activities, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other illegal activities that may expose users or Bajake Studios to legal liability.
Social
The Service can offer several integrations with sharing services and other tools (like Google +1 button, Facebook Like button, among others), that can be used to share information and actions Users make while interacting with our Service. Also we may integrate in our Games competitive services for sharing Scores and Achievement between players, like Google Play Games Services or others. The use of the previous services and tools is a free choice of each user. It’s not necessary to use our Services. The social features that each User agreed to use enables the sharing of information with other contacts or the general public, depending on the configuration options the entity provides. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
We may allow other third parties companies to serve advertisements in our Services, provide analytics services or other services for the Users experience. These companies may use cookies, web beacons, Users account information (that Users set up with these companies) and other techniques to collect information about you on our Services or other online services, like IP addresses, identifiers of your mobile device, installed package information, conversion information, browsers usage and pages you have visited. This information may be used to deliver advertising and content according the Users interests, better understand of the Services usage from the Users and analyzing and tracking data. These third party companies may also share this information with their customers and clients. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.
For better information of how these companies use the information you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Admob:
https://support.google.com/adm
ob/answer/6128543?hl=en
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/polic
y.php
Vungle:
https://vungle.com/privacy
UnityAds:
https://unity3d.com/es/legal/p
rivacy-policy
Google Analytics:
https://www.google.com/intl/en
/policies/privacy/
Acceptance of the terms
By using Bajake Studios games and Apps, you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy, please do not use our games and Apps. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.
Contacting us
For any questions about this Privacy Policy or any other issue please contact Bajake Studios at:
[email protected]
Bajake Studios,
Nilanjali Housing Society,
Central Avenue Road,
Kalyani Nagar,
Pune 411014
phone number: 9561497765
email :
[email protected]
About Us
Bajake studios is an independent game development company, founded in 2016 with a dream : making fun and beautiful games.
Our Services
* Mobile Game
* Mobile Application
* Virtual reality app & games
* Web Designing