Haystack
Home
Contact Us
Terms of Use
and
Privacy Policy
Haystack TV Privacy Policy
Acceptance of Terms of Use
The terms of this agreement (the “Terms of Use”), which include our
Privacy Policy
, govern the relationship between you and Haystack TV,
                            Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Haystack”, “us” or “we”) regarding your use the Haystack
                            service, including all features and functionalities, user interfaces, and all content,
                            applications and software associated therewith (hereinafter the “Service”). By using,
                            visiting, using, or browsing the Service you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of
                            Use.
If you do not agree to any of the provisions set forth, you should not use the
                                Service.
Any references to “you” or “your” refer to you, as a user of the Service. References to
                            “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Haystack.
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Services. By using the Services, you represent
                            and warrant that you are at least 13 years old.
If you are under 18, you represent that you have your parent or guardian’s permission to use
                            the Service. Please have them read this Agreement with you.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a user under the age of 18, by allowing your child
                            to use the Service, you are subject to the terms of this Agreement and responsible for your
                            child’s activity on the Service.
Changes to Terms of Use
Haystack reserves the right to change, alter, replace or otherwise modify these Terms of Use
                            at any time, including the Privacy Policy, by posting the amended Terms of Use on or within
                            the Service. You may also be given additional notice, such as an e-mail message or a
                            notification within the Service, of any changes. You will be deemed to have accepted such
                            changes by continuing to use the Service. Except as otherwise stated, all amended terms
                            shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted.
How the Haystack Service Works
Haystack is an online media service and community whereby users (hereinafter “Users”) may (i)
                            access and
                            view certain textual and audio-visual content (the “Content”) and (ii) curate which Content
                            is presented
                            or displayed to the User based on the User’s interests.
We may, from time to time, release new tools and resources, release new versions of the
                            Service, or
                            introduce other services and/or features. Any new services and features will be subject to
                            these Terms
                            of Use as well as any additional terms of use that we may release for those specific
                            services or
                            features.
Your Haystack Account
To access certain Services, you must create a user profile (the “User Profile”) with a unique
                            device ID,
                            through your email, or by connecting either your Facebook or your Google account (each a
                            “Third Party
                            Platform”). Such Third Party Platforms will provide us with certain additional information
                            about you,
                            which may include, without limitation, your email address, legal name, country of residence,
                            liked
                            pages, location and usage data, all as more fully described herein, including in the
Privacy Policy
.
                            After registering with us, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
                            account
                            credentials and for restricting access to your computer. Moreover, you agree to accept
                            responsibility
                            for all activities that occur in your account.
We may provide automatic service alerts and account-related alerts. You can modify your
                            communication
                            preference at any time. Account–related alerts are sent to you as part of Haystack's
                            service. Alerts
                            will be sent to you via push notification alerts to your mobile and web devices, and/or to
                            the email
                            address you have provided as your primary email address for Haystack. Text notifications may
                            also be
                            available to you in the future. If your email address changes, you are responsible for
                            informing us of
                            that change. Anyone with access to your email will be able to view the content of these
                            alerts. At any
                            time you may disable future alerts.
We reserve the right to disallow, cancel, remove or reassign certain usernames and permalinks
                            in
                            appropriate circumstances, as determined by us in our sole discretion, and may, with or
                            without prior
                            notice, suspend or terminate your account if activities occur on that account which, in our
                            sole
                            discretion, would or might constitute a violation of these Terms of Use, or an infringement
                            or violation
                            of the rights of any third party, or of any applicable laws or regulations.
You may terminate your account at any time as described in the Termination section below.
                            Furthermore,
                            we reserve the right to terminate or restrict your use of the Service, without notice, for
                            any or no
                            reason whatsoever.
Haystack TV Premium
You may subscribe to Haystack TV Premium for ad-free access to the Service by paying a
                            monthly fee.
                            Additional Terms may apply to your use of, access to and purchase of such fee-based products
                            or services
                            and such Additional Terms are incorporated herein by reference. Please note that Haystack TV
                            Premium for
                            ad-free service only applies to content licensed by us, and does not apply to ads that are
                            not
                            controlled by us. For example, you may still be shown ads from YouTube embedded players
                            because we do
                            not control these. You may only purchase such fee-based subscription if, and you hereby
                            represent,
                            warrant and agree that (a) you are 18 years of age or older and (b) you shall pay in full
                            the prices and
                            fees (including, without limitation, all applicable taxes) for any purchases you, or anyone
                            using your
                            User Profile, make via credit card, PayPal or other payment means acceptable to Haystack
                            concurrent with
                            your online order. If payment is not received by us from your credit card issuer or its
                            agents or other
                            payment service provider, you agree to promptly pay all amounts due upon demand by us.
                            Haystack may
                            revise any or all of the fees and prices associated with the fee-based subscription at any
                            time for any
                            or no reason. Further, Haystack does not guarantee that content and products will be
                            available,
                            accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. Descriptions and images of, and
                            references to,
                            products or services do not imply our or any of our affiliates’ endorsement of such products
                            or
                            services. Moreover, Haystack and its third party operational service providers reserve the
                            right, with
                            or without prior notice, for any or no reason, to change product descriptions, images, and
                            references;
                            to limit the available quantity of any product; to honor, or impose conditions on the
                            honoring of, any
                            coupon, coupon code, promotional code or other similar promotions; to bar any user from
                            conducting any
                            or all transaction(s); and/or to refuse to provide any User with any product. Further, if
                            Haystack
                            terminates your use of or registration to the Service because you have breached these Terms
                            of Use, you
                            shall not be entitled to a refund of any unused portion of any fees, payments or other
                            consideration.
You may cancel your Haystack TV Premium subscription at any time via your Account Settings,
                            however you
                            shall not be entitled to a refund of any subscription fees paid up until the point of
                            cancellation.
Your Use of the Service
Subject to your strict compliance with these Terms of Use, Haystack grants you a limited,
                            personal,
                            non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable and non-transferable right and license to use the
                            Service to
                            access the Content.
The above license is conditional upon your strict compliance with these Terms of Use,
                            including, without limitation, the following:
You must not copy, rip or capture, or attempt to copy, rip or capture, any Content from
                                the
                                Service.
You must not adapt, copy, republish, make available or otherwise communicate to the
                                public,
                                display, perform, transfer, share, distribute or otherwise use or exploit any Content on
                                or from the
                                Service, except as permitted under these Terms of Use, and within the parameters set by
                                the Service.
You must not use any in any way that is designed to create a separate content service or
                                that
                                replicates any part of the Service offering.
You must not employ scraping or similar techniques to aggregate, repurpose, republish or
                                otherwise
                                make use of any Content.
You must not employ any techniques or make use of any services, automated or otherwise,
                                designed to
                                misrepresent your activity on the Service, including without limitation by the use of
                                bots, botnets,
                                scripts, apps, plugins, extensions or other automated means to register accounts, log
                                in, play
                                Content, or otherwise to act on your behalf, particularly where such activity occurs in
                                a multiple
                                or repetitive fashion. You must not offer or promote the availability of any such
                                techniques or
                                services to any other users of the Service.
You must not alter or remove, attempt to alter or remove, any trademark, copyright or
                                other
                                proprietary or legal notices contained in, or appearing on, the Service or any Content
                                appearing on
                                the Service.
You must not, and must not permit any third party to, copy or adapt the object code of
                                the Service,
                                or reverse engineer, reverse assemble, decompile, modify or attempt to discover any
                                source or object
                                code of any part of the Service, or circumvent or attempt to circumvent or copy any copy
                                protection
                                mechanism or access any rights management information pertaining to Content.
You must not use the Service to upload, post, store, host, transmit, display, copy,
                                distribute,
                                promote, make available or otherwise communicate to the public:
any Content that is offensive, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, racist,
                                        sexually
                                        explicit, ethnically or culturally offensive, indecent, that promotes violence,
                                        terrorism,
                                        or illegal acts, incites hatred on grounds of race, gender, religion or sexual
                                        orientation,
                                        or is otherwise objectionable in Haystack’s reasonable discretion;
any information, Content or other material that violates, plagiarizes,
                                        misappropriates or
                                        infringes the rights of third parties including, without limitation, copyright,
                                        trademark
                                        rights, rights of privacy or publicity, confidential information or any other
                                        right;
any Content that violates, breaches or is contrary to any law, rule, regulation,
                                        court
                                        order or is otherwise is illegal or unlawful in Haystack’s reasonable opinion;
any material of any kind that contains any virus, Trojan horse, spyware, adware,
                                        malware,
                                        bot, time bomb, worm, or other harmful or malicious component, which or might
                                        overburden,
                                        impair or disrupt the Service or servers or networks forming part of, or
                                        connected to, the
                                        Service, or which does or might restrict or inhibit any other user’s use and
                                        enjoyment of
                                        the Service; or
any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional messages, spam or any
                                        other form
                                        of solicitation.
You must not commit or engage in, or encourage, induce, solicit or promote, any conduct
                                that would
                                constitute a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law
                                or
                                regulation.
You must not rent, sell or lease access to the Service, or any Content on the Service.
You must not deliberately impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent
                                your
                                affiliation with a person or entity, for example, by registering an account in the name
                                of another
                                person or company, or sending messages or making comments using the name of another
                                person.
You must not stalk, exploit, threaten, abuse or otherwise harass another person,
                                including but not
                                limited to any user, or any Haystack employee.
You must not use or attempt to use another person's account, password, or other
                                information, unless
                                you have express permission from that other person.
You must not sell or transfer, or offer to sell or transfer, any Haystack account to any
                                third
                                party without the prior written approval of Haystack.
You must not collect or attempt to collect personal data, or any other kind of
                                information about
                                other users, including without limitation, through spidering or any form of scraping.
You must not violate, circumvent or attempt to violate or circumvent any data security
                                measures
                                employed by Haystack; access or attempt to access data or materials which are not
                                intended for your
                                use; log into, or attempt to log into, a server or account which you are not authorized
                                to access;
                                attempt to scan or test the vulnerability of Haystack’s servers, system or network or
                                attempt to
                                breach Haystack’s data security or authentication procedures; attempt to interfere with
                                the Service
                                by any means including, without limitation, hacking Haystack’s servers or systems,
                                submitting a
                                virus, overloading, mail-bombing or crashing. Without limitation to any other rights or
                                remedies of
                                Haystack under these Terms of Use, Haystack reserves the right to investigate any
                                situation that
                                appears to involve any of the above, and may report such matters to, and co-operate
                                with,
                                appropriate law enforcement authorities in prosecuting any users who have participated
                                in any such
                                violations.
You agree to comply with the above conditions, and acknowledge and agree that Haystack has
                            the right,
                            in its sole discretion, to terminate your account or take such other action as we see fit
                            if you breach any of the above conditions or any of the other terms of these Terms of Use.
                            This may include taking court action and/or reporting offending users to the relevant
                            authorities.
Explicit Content
Some of the Content may be considered inappropriate for those under the age of 18.
                            Parental discretion is advised for all users of the services under the age of 18.
Copyright Infringement
The Haystack service, including all Content included on the Service and user interfaces, or
                            delivered to
                            Users as part of the service, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, designs,
                            photographs, button icons, images, audio/video clips, digital downloads, data compilations,
                            and
                            software, are the property of either Haystack or its licensors, as applicable, and are
                            protected by
                            United States and international copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property laws
                            and
                            treaties. Content shall not be reproduced or used without express written permission from
                            Haystack or
                            its licensors, as applicable.
Haystack reserves the right to terminate your membership hereunder if Haystack, in its sole
                            and absolute
                            discretion, believes that you are in violation of Haystack’s restrictions against
                            unauthorized copying
                            or use of our proprietary content in violation of the copyrights of Haystack or its
                            licensors, as
                            applicable. Haystack does not promote, foster or condone any infringing activity. The use of
                            the
                            Haystack service, including Content made available to you by us, is solely for your personal
                            and
                            non-commercial use.
If you discover any Content on the Service that you believe infringes your copyright, please
                            provide
                            written notification to us which includes the following information: (1) a statement that
                            you have
                            identified the Content on Haystack that infringes your copyright or the copyright of a third
                            party on
                            whose behalf you are entitled to act; (2) a description of the copyrighted work(s) that you
                            claim have
                            been infringed, (3) a description of the Content that you claim is infringing and a
                            description of where
                            such Content can be located, (4) your full name, address and telephone number, a valid email
                            address at
                            which you can be contacted, and your Haystack user name, if any, (5) a statement by you that
                            you have a
                            good faith belief that the disputed use of the material is not authorized by the copyright
                            owner, its
                            agent, or the law, and (6) a statement by you that the information in your notice is
                            accurate and that
                            you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that is allegedly
                            infringed. In
                            addition, if you wish for your notice to be considered as a notice pursuant to the United
                            States Digital
                            Millennium Copyright Act 17 U.S.C. §512(c), please also include the following: (1) with
                            respect to your
                            statement that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right that
                            is allegedly
                            infringed, confirmation that such statement is made under penalty of perjury; and (2) your
                            electronic or
                            physical signature (which may be a scanned copy). Your notice should be sent to us by email
                            to
dmca@haystack.tv
. You may also contact us by mail at:
Attention: Copyright Agent
Haystack TV, Inc
95 3rd St
2nd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94103
Blocking and Removal of Content
Notwithstanding the fact that Haystack has no legal obligation to monitor the Content on the
                            Service,
                            Haystack reserves the right to block, remove or delete any Content at any time at its sole
                            discretion,
                            and to limit or restrict access to any Content, for any reason and without liability,
                            including without
                            limitation, if we have reason to believe that such Content does or might infringe the rights
                            of any
                            third party, has been uploaded or posted in breach of these Terms of Use or applicable law,
                            or is
                            otherwise unacceptable to Haystack.
Third Party Websites, Services and Services
The Service may provide you with access to third party websites, databases, networks,
                            servers,
                            information, software, programs, systems, directories, Services, or products or services
                            (hereinafter
                            “External Services”).
Haystack does not have or maintain any control over External Services, and is not and cannot
                            be
                            responsible for their content, operation or use. By linking or otherwise displaying
                            information from or
                            providing access to any External Services, Haystack does not give any representation,
                            warranty or
                            endorsement, express or implied, with respect to the legality, accuracy, quality or
                            authenticity of
                            content, information or services provided by such External Services.
External Services may have their own terms of use and/or privacy policy, and may have
                            different
                            practices and requirements to those operated by Haystack with respect to the Service. You
                            are solely
                            responsible for reviewing any terms of use, privacy policy or other terms governing your use
                            of these
                            External Services, which you use at your own risk. You are advised to make reasonable
                            enquiries and
                            investigations before entering into any transaction, financial or otherwise, and whether
                            online or
                            offline, with any third party related to any External Services.
You are solely responsible for taking the precautions necessary to protect yourself from
                            fraud when
                            using External Services, and to protect your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan
                            horses, and
                            other harmful or destructive content and material that may be included on or may emanate
                            from any
                            External Services. Haystack disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for any harm
                            resulting
                            from your use of External Services, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against
                            Haystack with
                            respect to the content or operation of any External Services.
Advertisements
From time to time, you may choose to communicate or interact with, or obtain External
                            Services of or
                            from, advertisers, sponsors, or promotional partners (collectively, the “Advertisers”) found
                            on or
                            through the Service or a hyperlinked site, service or platform. All such communication,
                            interaction and
                            participation is strictly and solely between you and such Advertisers and we shall not be
                            responsible or
                            liable to you in any way in connection with these activities or transactions (including,
                            without
                            limitation, any representations, warranties, covenants, contracts or other terms or
                            conditions that may
                            exist between you and the Advertisers or any goods or services you may purchase or obtain
                            from any
                            Advertiser).
Termination
You may terminate this Agreement at any time by emailing us at
feedback@haystack.tv
with a request to delete your User Profile, and thereafter
                            ceasing to use the
                            Service. Simply deleting the Service from your mobile or television device will not
                            effectively
                            terminate this Agreement.
Haystack may suspend your access to the Service and/or terminate this Agreement at any time
                            if (i) you
                            are deemed to be a repeat copyright infringer; (ii) you are in breach of any of the material
                            provision
                            of these Terms of Use; (iii) Haystack elects at its discretion to cease providing access to
                            the Service
                            in the jurisdiction where you reside or from where you are attempting to access the Service,
                            or (iv) in
                            other reasonable circumstances as determined by Haystack at its discretion.
Once your account has been terminated, any and all Content residing in your account, or
                            pertaining to
                            activity from your account, may be irretrievably deleted by Haystack, except to the extent
                            that we are
                            obliged or permitted to retain such Content, data or information for a certain period of
                            time in
                            accordance with applicable laws and regulations and/or to protect our legitimate business
                            interests. You
                            are advised to save or back up any material that you have uploaded to your account before
                            terminating
                            your account, as Haystack assumes no liability for any material that is irretrievably
                            deleted following
                            any termination of your account.
The provisions of these Terms of Use that are intended by their nature to survive the
                            termination or
                            cancellation of this Agreement will survive the termination of this Agreement.
Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitations on Liability
THE HAYSTACK SERVICE, INCLUDING THE APPLICATION AND USER INTERFACES, AND ALL CONTENT AND
                            SOFTWARE
                            ASSOCIATED THEREWITH, OR ANY OTHER FEATURES OR FUNCTIONALITIES ASSOCIATED WITH THE HAYSTACK
                            SERVICE, ARE
                            PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WE AND
                            OUR
                            LICENSORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE HAYSTACK
                            SERVICE, THE
                            SERVICE AND USER INTERFACES, AND ALL CONTENT AND SOFTWARE ASSOCIATED THEREWITH. HAYSTACK
                            DOES NOT
                            GUARANTEE, REPRESENT, OR WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE HAYSTACK SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED
                            OR
                            ERROR-FREE, AND YOU AGREE THAT HAYSTACK MAY ELIMINATE OR OTHERWISE MODIFY ANY OR ALL ASPECTS
                            OF THE
                            HAYSTACK SERVICE, INCLUDING FEATURES, WITHOUT COMPENSATION OR NOTICE TO YOU. Without
                            limiting the
                            foregoing, we and our licensors assume no liability or responsibility for any of the
                            following: (i)
                            errors or omissions in the Content delivered by the Haystack service or on the Service or
                            user
                            interfaces; (ii) recommendations or advice of Haystack customer service representatives;
                            (iii) any
                            failure or interruption in the availability of the Haystack service and/or website or user
                            interfaces,
                            (iv) delivery and or display of any Content contained on the Service, user interfaces, or
                            otherwise
                            through the Haystack service; and (v) any losses or damages arising from the use of the
                            Content provided
                            on the Service, user interfaces, or otherwise through the Haystack service itself, including
                            any losses
                            or damages arising from downloading of related software, downloading and/or use of any other
                            software,
                            including the remote desktop tool offered by Haystack’s customer service representatives,
                            optical media
                            discs or any conduct by users of the Haystack service, the Service or user interfaces. TO
                            THE EXTENT
                            ALLOWABLE BY LAW, WE AND OUR LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES,
                            INCLUDING, FOR
                            EXAMPLE, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
                            PURPOSE, AND
                            NON-INFRINGEMENT. In addition, we do not represent or warrant that the information
                            accessible via the
                            Service is accurate, complete or current. We do not make any representations with respect to
                            the Content
                            or the descriptions of any Content contained on the Service and user interfaces. We do not
                            represent or
                            guarantee that your use of the Haystack service will be free from interruption, loss,
                            corruption,
                            attack, viruses, interference, hacking, or other security intrusion and we disclaim any
                            liability with
                            respect thereto. No oral or written information or advice given by us or our authorized
                            representative
                            shall create a warranty or otherwise constitute a representation binding upon Haystack or
                            its affiliated
                            parties.
IN NO EVENT SHALL HAYSTACK, OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR ANY OF THEIR SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS,
                            OFFICERS,
                            EMPLOYEES OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE (JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY) TO YOU FOR PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY
                            SPECIAL,
                            INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
                            RESULTING FROM LOSS
                            OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS,
                            WHETHER OR NOT
                            ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
                            CONNECTION
                            WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE HAYSTACK SERVICE, THE SERVICE AND USER INTERFACES, AND
                            ALL CONTENTS
                            AND SOFTWARE ASSOCIATED THEREWITH, OR OTHERWISE RELATED TO THE HAYSTACK SERVICE. IF ANY
                            APPLICABLE
                            AUTHORITY HOLDS ANY PORTION OF THIS SECTION OR OTHER SECTIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE,
                            INCLUDING ANY
                            PORTION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY, TO BE UNENFORCEABLE, THEN THOSE PORTIONS DEEMED UNENFORCEABLE
                            SHALL BE
                            SEVERED AND THE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE ENFORCED ABSENT THOSE PROVISIONS AND ANY LIABILITY
                            WILL BE LIMITED
                            TO ONE DOLLAR (U.S. $1.00) OR THE FULLEST POSSIBLE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Haystack, its successors, assigns,
                            affiliates,
                            agents, directors, officers, employees and shareholders from and against any and all claims,
                            obligations, damages, losses, expenses, and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and
                            court costs,
                            resulting from: (1) any violation by you of these Terms of Use; and (2) any activity related
                            to your
                            account, be it by you or by any other person accessing your account with or without your
                            consent unless
                            such activity was caused by the act or default of Haystack.
Assignment to Third Parties
Haystack may assign, license, or sub-license its rights and (where permissible by law) its
                            obligations
                            under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any third party at any time without notice,
                            including
                            without limitation, to any person or entity acquiring all or substantially all of the assets
                            or business
                            of Haystack. You may not assign this Agreement or the rights and duties hereunder, in whole
                            or in part,
                            to any third party without the prior written consent of Haystack.
Severability
Should one or more provisions of these Terms of Use be found to be unlawful, void or
                            unenforceable, such
                            provision(s) shall be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and/or
                            enforceability of the
                            remaining provisions of the Terms of Use, which will remain in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy, constitute the entire agreement between
                            you and
                            Haystack with respect to your use of the Service and supersede any prior agreement between
                            you and
                            Haystack. Any modifications to this Agreement must be made in writing.
Arbitration Agreement
You and Haystack agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in
                            any way to
                            the Haystack service, including our website, user interfaces, and these Terms of Use, shall
                            be
                            determined by binding arbitration instead of in courts of general jurisdiction. Arbitration
                            is more
                            informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge
                            or jury,
                            allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by
                            courts.
                            Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. You agree that, by
                            agreeing to
                            these Terms of Use, the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and
                            enforcement of this
                            provision, and that you and Haystack are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to
                            participate in
                            a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and
                            the
                            termination of your use of the Service.
If you elect to seek arbitration, you must first send to Haystack, by certified mail, a
                            written Notice
                            of your claim (“Notice”). If Haystack elects to seek arbitration, it will send a written
                            Notice to the
                            email address used for your membership account. A Notice, whether sent by you or by
                            Haystack, must (a)
                            describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief
                            sought
                            (“Demand”). If Haystack and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30
                            days after the
                            Notice is received, you or Haystack may commence an arbitration proceeding or file a claim
                            in small
                            claims court. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by Haystack or
                            you shall
                            not be disclosed to the arbitrator. You may download or copy a form Notice and a form to
                            initiate
                            arbitration at www.adr.org. The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration
                            Rules and the
                            Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules") of the
                            American
                            Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by this Agreement, and will be administered by
                            the AAA. The
                            AAA Rules and Forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at
                            1-800-778-7879, or by
                            writing to Haystack. The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement. All issues are
                            for the
                            arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of this
                            arbitration
                            agreement. Unless Haystack and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place
                            in the
                            county (or parish) of your billing address. (If you reside outside of the United States, any
                            arbitration
                            hearings will take place in your country of residence at a location reasonably convenient to
                            you, but
                            will remain subject to the AAA Rules including the AAA rules regarding the selection of an
                            arbitrator).
                            If your claim is for US$10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration
                            will be
                            conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic
                            hearing, or
                            by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If your claim exceeds US$10,000,
                            the right to a
                            hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the
                            arbitration is
                            conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the
                            essential
                            findings and conclusions on which the award is based. If the arbitrator issues you an award
                            that is
                            greater than the value of Haystack’s last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator
                            was
                            selected (or if Haystack did not make a settlement offer before an arbitrator was selected),
                            then
                            Haystack will pay you the amount of the award or US$1,000, whichever is greater. Except as
                            expressly set
                            forth herein, the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed
                            by the AAA
                            Rules.
YOU AND HAYSTACK AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS
                            INDIVIDUAL
                            CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE
                            PROCEEDING.
                            Further, unless both you and Haystack agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate
                            more than one
                            person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a
                            representative or
                            class proceeding. If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety
                            of this
                            arbitration provision shall be null and void. The arbitrator may award declaratory or
                            injunctive relief
                            only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to
                            provide relief
                            warranted by that party's individual claim.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
                            State of
                            California, U.S.A. without regard to conflict of laws provisions. The exclusive jurisdiction
                            and venue
                            for any action, suit or proceeding based upon any matter arising hereunder or relating
                            hereto shall be
                            in the state or federal courts located in the State of California. If any provision or
                            provisions of
                            these terms shall be held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the law
                            of any
                            jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall
                            not in any way
                            be affected or impaired thereby, and shall remain in full force and effect.
Haystack TV Privacy Policy
Effective as of January 1, 2020; Last Update September 8, 2020
Welcome to Haystack, a service provided by Haystack TV, Inc. (hereinafter “Haystack”, “us” or “we”).
                    Haystack knows that you care about how your personally identifiable information is used and shared,
                    and we
                    take your privacy seriously. Personally identifiable information is information that identifies,
                    relates to,
                    describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be
                    linked,
                    directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (hereinafter “Personal
                    Information”). Personal information does not include publicly available information from government
                    records
                    or deidentified or aggregated consumer information. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains
                    how we
                    collect, store, use, and disclose your Personal Information when you use our website, applications
                    (across
                    all platforms, including mobile, desktop, television, etc.), and any other linked pages, features,
                    or
                    content, including all features and functionalities, user interfaces, and all content and software
                    associated therewith (hereinafter collectively, the “Service”).
This Privacy Policy covers Haystack’s treatment of Personal Information that Haystack gathers when
                    you are
                    accessing textual and/or media content (the “Content”) and/or using our Service. This policy does
                    not apply
                    to the practices of companies that Haystack does not own or control, or to individuals that Haystack
                    does
                    not employ or manage. When using this Service, you may find links to other websites, apps and
                    services, or
                    tools that enable you to share information with other websites, apps and services. Haystack is not
                    responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites, apps and services and we recommend
                    that you
                    review the privacy policies of each of these websites, apps or services before connecting your
                    Haystack
                    account or sharing any Personal Information.
By using our applications, or in any other way using the Service you acknowledge that you accept
                        the use of
                        your Personal Information and the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Please take the
                    time to read this Privacy Policy and make sure you are content with our use and disclosure of your
                    Personal
                    Information.
If you do not agree to any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, you should not
                        use the
                        Service.
If you have questions or concerns, you can contact us at
contact@haystack.tv
.
User Age Restrictions
Haystack is not intended for use by children. Anyone under the age of 16 is not permitted to
                            use the
                            Service and must not attempt to register an account or submit any Personal Information to
                            us. We do
                            not knowingly collect any Personal Information from any person who is under the age of 16 or
                            allow
                            them to register an account. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal
                            data from
                            a person under the age of 16, we will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you
                            have
                            reason to believe that we may have collected any such data, please notify use immediately at
contact@haystack.tv
.
What Personal Information Does Haystack Collect?
The Personal Information we gather from our Users enables us to personalize and improve our
                            services
                            and to allow our Users to set up a user profile (“User Profile”) if they wish to do so. We
                            collect
                            the following types of information from our Users:
Personal Information You Provide to Us
In order to create a User Profile you must connect through third party platforms,
                                    such as
                                    through your Facebook or your Google account (each a “Third Party Platform”). Such
                                    Third
                                    Party Platforms will provide us with information about you described in Personal
                                    Information
                                    Collected From Other Sources below. Furthermore, in the event that you opt in to a
                                    Haystack
                                    TV Premium subscription, you will also be required to either (i) provide credit card
                                    information and a valid billing address or (ii) link your User Profile to your
                                    Google Pay,
                                    Apple Pay, or PayPal account.
You may choose, at your discretion, to provide additional Personal Information to
                                    Haystack,
                                    such as your interests. This information is not mandatory, and any information you
                                    provide
                                    may be deleted, edited, amended, or changed at any time. For more information,
                                    please see
                                    the Access, Choice and Control section below.
You will also provide certain Personal Information if you open an email or similar
                                    digital
                                    communication from Haystack, or contact us via email or other communication
                                    (including, but
                                    not limited to, mail, fax, phone, or other offline means). Haystack uses this
                                    information to
                                    make our communications more interesting and helpful and to improve our Service. If
                                    you do
                                    not wish to receive email or other communications from us, please see the Access,
                                    Choice and
                                    Control section below.
Personal Information Collected Automatically
We receive and store certain types of information as a result of your interaction
                                    with our
                                    Service, or through the use of web analytics services as described in our Cookies
                                    and
                                    Similar Technology section. Haystack automatically receives and records information
                                    on our
                                    server logs from your browser including:
The Internet Protocol (“IP”) address of the device from which you access the
                                        Service (which
                                        can sometimes be used to derive the country or city from which you are
                                        accessing the
                                        Service);
Information collected through cookies and similar technology;
The page you requested and the page that you visited immediately prior to
                                        visiting the
                                        Service;
The specific actions you take on the Service and any search terms you may
                                        enter on the
                                        Service;
The time, frequency, and duration of your visits to the Service;
Your browser type, operating system and mobile provider;
The nature of the device from which you are accessing the Service, for
                                        example, whether you
                                        are accessing from a personal computer or from a mobile device; and
Information regarding your interaction with messages, for example, whether
                                        you opened,
                                        clicked on, or forwarded the message.
Personal Information Collected From Other Sources
In the event you connect your accounts from a Third Party Platform, such as Facebook
                                    or Google,
                                    to the Service, then we will receive certain information, which information may be
                                    used to
                                    instantly personalize your account with the Service. The information that Haystack
                                    may access,
                                    collect and store may include the following, among other information, as allowed by
                                    you,
                                    by the third party API (for example, Facebook’s API):
Your name
Your profile picture
Your email address
Your gender
Your birthday
Your location
The names and pictures of your friends, followers, persons you follow, pages
                                        you like,
                                        or other connections on such third party site.
Your interests and affinity networks.
Other information you make publicly available on such third party site.
The privacy practices of Third Party Platforms are not governed by this Privacy
                                    Notice.
                                    We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites and
                                    services
                                    to understand their practices.
Cookies and Similar Technology
Like many services, we use cookies and tracking pixels. Cookies are a service or website’s
                            way of remembering who you are. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your
                            device’s hard drive or stored temporarily in your device’s memory. There are two kinds of
                            cookies: those that are “session” oriented and those that are “persistent.” Session cookies
                            delete from your device when you close your browser. Persistent cookies retain information
                            for later use tomorrow, next week, next month, or whenever they are set to expire. We use
                            cookies to help us to identify Users and to optimize their experience on our Service. We may
                            also use cookies in order to deliver targeted advertising. We may use both first and third
                            party cookies. First party cookies belong to us and third party cookies are ones that
                            another party places on your device. Third party cookies may be used by companies providing
                            a service to us or by business partners in order to advertise to you. By using your device
                            or web browser’s settings, or both, you may modify your cookie settings. Please note, when
                            you disable cookies you may not be able to access certain parts of the Service or the
                            Service may not work properly.
To learn more about how advertisers generally use cookies and the choices advertisers
                            provide, visit:
The Network Advertising Initiative at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
The Digital Advertising Alliance at
http://www.aboutads.info/
The Internet Advertising Bureau (US) at
http://www.iab.net/
We also allow advertisers and/or merchant partners (“Advertisers”) to choose the demographic
                            information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers and you
                            agree that
                            we may provide any of the information we have collected from you in non-personally
                            identifiable form
                            to an Advertiser, in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those
                            advertisements and/or offers. We, and these Advertisers, may use both first and third party
                            cookies
                            to inform, optimize and serve advertisements based on your use of the Service and any
                            demographic
                            information collected through your use of the Services. For example, we might use the fact
                            you are
                            located in a specific city to show you advertisements targeted to that city.
To do so these advertisers may place or recognize a unique “web beacon” on your browser or
                            device
                            (including through the use of pixel tags). These web beacons allow ad networks to provide
                            anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. The web
                            beacons
                            also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other sites,
                            or
                            re-target you on our site. Because your web browser or device must request these
                            advertisements and
                            web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own
                            web
                            beacons, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. You may be able to opt-out
                            of web
                            beacon tracking by adjusting the settings on your browser or device. For instance many
                            devices have
                            a “Do Not Track” setting that you can be turned on.
Some of these advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that
                            perform
                            advertising-related services for us and our business partners may be members of the Network
                            Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a
                            centralized tool for opting out of behavioral advertising delivered by each of its member
                            companies.
                            See http://www.networkadvertising.org for general information about the NAI and
                            http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for the opt-out page. You may also
                            visit
                            http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/ to learn about interest-based advertising and how to
                            opt-out
                            from ads served by some or all participating companies.
These opt-out mechanisms rely on cookies to remember your choices. If you delete your cookies
                            or web
                            beacons, use another computer or device, or change browsers, you will need to repeat this
                            process.
                            In addition, opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads, but rather
                            only those
                            ads that are personalized to your interests.
How Does Haystack Use the Personal Information We Collect?
Personal Information about our Users is an integral part of our business.
                            Haystack uses the Personal Information that we collect about you for the following purposes:
To identify you as a User of the Service when you login to your User Profile.
To customize and personalize the Content provided to you.
To process payment for a Haystack TV Premium subscription.
Your email address may be used to send you service updates and notifications
                                regarding your
                                account, newsletters, marketing communications, and certain email notifications. For
                                information on
                                how to change your preferences, and to unsubscribe from various Haystack
                                communications, please see
                                the Access, Choice and Control section below.
Your Personal Information is also used for the following general purposes:
To operate and maintain your Haystack account, and to provide you with access to the
                                Service that
                                you may request from time to time;
To provide you with technical support;
To respond to you about any comment or inquiry you have submitted;
To customize your use of the Service and/or content of any email or other material
                                we may send you
                                from time to time;
To conduct research and analysis, and to improve our marketing efforts. For example,
                                through
                                targeted advertising and marketing on third party platforms;
To prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in breach of our
                                Terms of Use or
                                applicable law; and
For other purposes, provided that we disclose this to you at a relevant time.
How Does Haystack Share Your Personal Information?
Unless listed in this Privacy Policy, Haystack only uses Personal Information in aggregate
                            form,
                            that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally.
                            This type
                            of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often Users use parts of the Service so that
                            we can
                            make the Service appealing to as many Users as possible, and improve those services. As part
                            of this
                            use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners, our advertisers,
                            and other
                            third parties about how our Users collectively use our Service. We share this type of
                            statistical
                            data so that the aforementioned parties may also understand how often people use their
                            services and
                            our Service, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal experience.
Haystack
                                never discloses
                                aggregate information in a manner that would reveal your email address or contact
                                information, or in
                                a manner that would identify you individually, either online or in real life.
There are circumstances where we need to share some of the personal information we collect
                            about you
                            or which you provide to us:
We will disclose your Personal Information if you have explicitly agreed that we may
                                do so. We will
                                make this clear to you at the point at which we collect your Personal Information or
                                at another time
                                prior to disclosure of the information.
We will disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that we are
                                permitted or
                                required to do so by law, including in response to a court order, subpoena or other
                                legal demand or
                                request.
We may disclose your Personal Information if we feel it is necessary in order to
                                protect or defend
                                our legitimate rights, property, and interests, or those of our Users, employees,
                                directors,
                                shareholders, or any other third party, and/or to ensure the safety and security of
                                the Service
                                and/or the Users community.
We may transfer your Personal Information to any person or company that acquires all
                                or
                                substantially all of Haystack, or on a merger of our business or in the case of our
                                insolvency. You
                                acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any transferee may continue to
                                use your Personal
                                Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Security
Haystack endeavors to protect User account information to ensure that account information is
                            kept
                            private, however, Haystack cannot guarantee the security of User account information.
                            Unauthorized
                            entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security
                            of user
                            information at any time.
The Service may contain links to other sites. Haystack is not responsible for the privacy
                            policies
                            and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site you should read the privacy
                            policy
                            state on that site. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Service.
Retention, Access, Choice and Control
We maintain data related to your usage of the Service for as long as it is required in order
                            to
                            fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Policy, as may be required (or
                            permitted) by
                            law such as for tax and accounting purposes, or as otherwise communicated to you. Once you
                            have
                            asked us to close your account and delete your profile information, we will delete all
                            information
                            that we are not required or permitted to retain by law.
You can always opt not to disclose information, even though it may be needed to take
                            advantage of
                            certain features of the Service. You are able to add or update certain information in your
                            account
                            settings, as well as on User Profile. When you update your information, however, we often
                            maintain a
                            copy of the unrevised information in our records. You can unsubscribe from email newsletters
                            and
                            notifications (other than essential email notifications) at any time by clicking on the link
                            at the
                            end of each email.
As a Haystack User, you have the right to review and obtain a downloadable copy of your
                            Personal
                            Information from Haystack, to request corrections to your Personal Information, and to
                            request
                            deletion of your Personal Information from Haystack. You may also withdraw your consent to
                            receive
                            e-mail communications from us at any time. You may withdraw your consent to our collection,
                            use, and
                            sharing of your Personal Information at any time by sending an e-mail request to
contact@haystack.tv
.
From time to time, we may desire to use Personal Information for uses not previously
                            disclosed in
                            our Privacy Policy. If our practices change regarding previously collected Personal
                            Information, we
                            will provide notice and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by law.
Deleting Your Account
You may terminate this Agreement at any time by deleting your User Profile (if applicable),
                            and
                            thereafter ceasing to use the Service. Simply deleting the Service from your mobile device
                            will not
                            effectively terminate this Agreement. If you ask us to delete your User Profile, we will do
                            so
                            within a reasonable period of time.
Once your account has been terminated, any and all information within your account will be
                            irretrievably deleted by Haystack, except to the extent that we are obliged or permitted to
                            retain
                            such data or information for a certain period of time in accordance with applicable laws and
                            regulations and/or to protect our legitimate business interests. You are advised to save or
                            back up
                            any material that you have uploaded to your account before terminating your account, as
                            Haystack
                            assumes no liability for any material that is irretrievably deleted following any
                            termination of
                            your account.
Notice to Users Outside the U.S.
Our Service is controlled and operated within the United States. If you access our Service
                            outside
                            of the United States, we may transfer the information collected from you to data centers
                            outside
                            of your home country or jurisdiction. In particular, your information may be transferred to
                            and
                            processed in the United States and other jurisdictions where we, our service providers, or
                            our
                            vendors operate, where data protection and other laws may not be equivalent to those in your
                            jurisdiction. By using the Service, you agree that your information can be transferred to
                            and
                            used in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we, our service providers, or our
                            vendors operate, as set forth in the Privacy Policy.
NOTICE TO EU RESIDENTS: In addition to this Privacy Policy, our handling of information about
                            EU residents is further governed by the Notice to EU Residents (below).
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
Haystack reserves the right to change, alter, replace or otherwise modify this Privacy Policy
                            at any
                            time by posting the amended Privacy Policy on or within the Service. You may also be given
                            additional notice, such as an e-mail message or messaging within the Service, of any
                            changes. You
                            will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the Service. Except as
                            otherwise
                            stated, all amended terms shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially
                            posted
Merger or Sale
In the event that Haystack TV, or some or all assets related to the Services are acquired by
                            or
                            merged with a third-party entity or in connection with a contemplated change of ownership
                            transaction, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the
                            information that we have collected from users as part of that merger, acquisition, sale, or
                            other
                            change of control event, including in the course of diligence.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy at Haystack, please send us a
                            detailed
                            message to
contact@haystack.tv
. We will make every
                            effort to resolve your concerns.
If you decide that you do not want us to use your personal information in the manner
                            described in
                            the Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service. If you have already registered an
                            account, you
                            can find out how to terminate or cancel your account in the
Deleting Your Account
section above.
Notice to California Residents Only
If you are a California resident, the processing of certain personal data about you may be
                            subject
                            to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and other applicable California state
                            privacy laws.
                            Beginning January 1, 2020, the CCPA gives you certain rights with respect to the processing
                            of your
                            personal data (known as “personal information”, as described in under the CCPA).
In particular, California residents have the following rights:
Know: The right to request that we disclose the Personal Information we collect,
                                use, or disclose
                                about you, and information about our data practices;
Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete Personal Information that we
                                have collected
                                from you;
Non-Discrimination: You have the right to not be discriminated against for
                                exercising any of these
                                rights. For example, if you exercise your rights, we will not deny you services,
                                charge you
                                different prices for services or provide you a different level or quality of
                                services.
California residents who are
16 years of age and older
have the additional right:
Opt-Out: You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information by
                                us.
We will not sell the personal information of consumers
                                        we actually know are less than 16 years of
                                        age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”)
                                        from either the consumer
                                        who is at least 13 but not yet 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of
                                        a consumer less than 13
                                        years of age; and
Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may
                                        opt-out of future sales at any time.
As previously stated, Haystack is not intended for use by anyone under the age of
                                16,
                                and anyone under the age of 16 is not permitted to use the Service and must not
                                attempt
                                to register an account or submit any Personal Information to us.
                                We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from any person who is under
                                the
                                age of 16 or allow them to register an account. If it comes to our attention that we
                                have collected personal data from a person under the age of 16, we will delete this
                                information as quickly as possible. If you have reason to believe that we may have
                                collected any such data, please notify use immediately
                                at
contact@haystack.tv
.
This Privacy Policy includes what personal information we may have collected about you over
                            the past
                            12 months (depending on how you use our Service), the source of the personal information,
                            and the
                            purposes of use, as well as whether we disclose that personal information and if so, the
                            categories
                            of third parties to whom it is disclosed.
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from
                            consumers
                            within the last 12 months:
Category
Information We Actually Collect
Collected
Identifiers.
We collect names, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier,
                                        Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar
                                        identifiers.
YES
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records
                                        statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other
                                        categories.
                                        If you are member, we may collect all or part of your name.
                                        If you are a premium member, we may collect your billing address and partial
                                        (but not full) debit card numbers and/or credit card numbers.
YES
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
None
NO
Commercial information.
We collect records of purchases of premium subscriptions.
YES
Biometric Information
We collect behavioral information, such as keystrokes, links, screens, and
                                        videos accessed by you from our service, which device you are using to
                                        access our service.
YES
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction
                                        with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
Geolocation data.
We collect the physical location of users in order to serve locally
                                        relevant content and ads.
YES
Professional or employment-related information.
None
NO
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and
                                        Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
None
NO
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s news preferences
YES
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories
                            of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you
                                purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Service.
Via third party integrations such as social sign in services
Exercising Your California Privacy Rights
California residents can exercise the above rights themselves, or designate and authorized
                            agent to
                            make requests on their behalf. To either exercise your rights or to have an authorized agent
                            request
                            to do so, please email us at
contact@haystack.tv
and
                            provide sufficient information that allows us
                            to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an
                            authorized representative, which may include: your name, user id, email, or billing address.
If you want to make a request, but do not have an account with us, we will ask you for
                            information
                            which we consider necessary to verify your identity for security and to prevent fraud. This
                            information may include name, contact information, and information related to your
                            transaction or
                            relationship with us, but the specific information requested may differ depending on the
                            circumstances of your request for your security and to protect privacy rights. If we delete
                            your
                            personal information, we will both cause certain personal information about you to be
                            permanently
                            unrecoverable and also deidentify certain personal information.
Notice to EU Residents
In addition to the practices and rights discussed in this Privacy Policy, residents of the
                            EU have
                            certain additional rights and guidelines.
What are your data protection rights?
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. If you
                            are a
                            resident of the EU, you are entitled to the following:
The right to be informed
– You have the right to know what Personal Information
                                we are
                                processing, why, and who else the data may be passed to.
The right to access
– You have the right to request for copies of your Personal
                                Information.
                                We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to request that we correct any
                                information
                                you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request us to complete the
                                information you
                                believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
– You have the right to request that we erase your Personal
                                Information,
                                under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
– You have the right to request that we restrict
                                the
                                processing of your Personal Information, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to our company’s
                                processing
                                of your Personal Information, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
– You have the right to request that our company
                                transfer the
                                data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain
                                conditions.
Lawful Basis for the Processing of Personal Information
Haystack is required to demonstrate a lawful basis for the processing of Personal
                            Information. Haystack
                            relies on legitimate interest to process data for the following purposes:
Data analytics
Managing user accounts
Operating, modifying and improving the Service
Identifying usage trends
Customizing content and user experience
Web hosting
Direct marketing
Fraud prevention
Network and information systems security
To determine the effectiveness of ads
To serve ads based on user behavior and preferences
Responding to user questions and requests for information
Comply with laws and regulations and enforce Haystack’s Terms of Use and other legal
                                rights
Transfer of Data Abroad
Because we operate the Service from the US, your Personal Information may be transferred to
                            the US and/or to countries or territories outside the EEA or Switzerland not recognized by
                            the European Commission as ensuring an adequate level of protection pursuant to the GDPR.
                            Where required, data transfers will be made subject to the terms of the applicable EU
                            Standard Contractual Clauses or with your consent. We will take all steps reasonably
                            necessary to ensure that Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with
                            this Privacy Policy in respect of such transfer.
Security
Haystack employs physical, technical and organizational safeguards to ensure an appropriate
                            level of security for Personal Information, taking into account the costs of implementation
                            and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying
                            likelihood and security for the rights and freedoms of natural persons,
Further Processing
If Haystack plans to use Personal Information for a new purpose, it will update this notice
                            and communicate the changes to individuals before starting any new processing.
If you have concerns about the way we handle your Personal Information, please let us know
                            immediately. If you would like to make a request and/or exercise any of the above rights,
                            please contact us at our email:
contact@haystack.tv
.