Privacy policy of Sweet Sugar Apps
Sweet Sugar Apps
Home
Apps
FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application/game created by Sweet Sugar.
How Do We Collect & Use Information
We do not store or share any Personal Information, we may not use your personal information in any way.
          We may use non personal information to personalize user experience and improve ad experience but we do not store or send or share any informations. We may check if certain application are installed before showing an ad.
Third Party
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application/Game is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application/Game which helps us keep the cost of the Application/Game low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application/Game, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties canít identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications youíve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application/Game and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
Currently we are using few third party services and SDKís in our app
Google Analytics and AdMob
Google Analytics is for analytics purpose and Google AdMob is for showing ads of different format. And Facebook SKD for providing users with an option to like app page and upload the images with different effects on their Facebook wall.
Google may use Cookies stored in your browser or may use your IP address or may collect interest based information or may collect demographic details. To serve better ads and for analytics purpose.
Further details are given on their privacy policy :
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook SDK
Facebook SDK is used to provide users with the Facebook native share and like button for the app. And also provides users with an option to post their images with different effects from within the app to their Facebook wall.
We do not collect or store any data from your Facebook account.
Further details are given on their privacy policy :
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Opting Out
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application/Game: You can stop all collection of information by the Application/Game easily by uninstalling the Application/Game. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
To opt out of interest-based ads, follow the instructions below for your mobile device.
1. Open the Google Settings app on your device
2. Select Ads
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application/Game, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
sweetsugarapps@gmail.com
help4user4rmdeveloper@gmail.com
SWEET SUGAR
Building Apps that function as intended. Delivering excellent in-app experience to users around the world.
Home
Apps
FAQ's
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Us
© 2021 Sweet Sugar Apps