Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Sigma Apps Solutions
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
July 08, 2022
1) Overview :-
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by Sigma App Solution through our mobile applications and how we use that information. Also Our Product Category is Social and Entertainment. These all class Apps we created is only for User Entertainment purpose. Our Company developers continuously work on All Apps and We Give Periodic Updates to Solve Problems and Bugs as well as to provide new features all for smooth User Experience. 

2) Permissions which we are using in mobile application :-

- INTERNET
Access internet to for require to video call.
- WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE (Photo/ Media/ Files)
Permission grants access to your device’s external storage, enabling photo frames unlimited to take, store and retrieve picture.
- READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE (Photo/ Media/ Files)
Permission grants access to your device’s external storage, enabling photos unlimited to take, store and retrieve picture.
- CAMERA
Capture images from the camera.
- SET WALLPAPER
 Permission grants access to your devices for access the set the wallpaper into your app.
- ACCOUNTS 
Sigma App Solution  is never collect any personal accounts or account ids for personal use.
3) Privacy Policy Changes :-
In Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.
4) Children's Privacy :- We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
5) Advertisement in App :-
We use Google Admob SDK for advertisements in our applications. There could be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects.
6) Contact us :-
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site or your dealings with this site please feel free to contact us at: sigmaappsolution12@gmail.com

Thank You....
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Privacy Policy
Visit profile
Archive
July 2022
1
Report Abuse