Jmz Software
Home
About
Our Works
Status
Services
Contact
We are
Jmz Software, LLC is a software development firm that is dedicated to the customers and believes in open source.
Contact Us
ABOUT
US
Jmz Software, LLC is a software development firm that is dedicated to the customers and believes in open source. After being in the Android development community for several years, we (James Taylor and Bret Zamzow) decided to start Jmz Software. We were active duty military at the time that Jmz Software started. The drive and dedication we learned while serving our country has helped fuel the pride and work they put into Jmz Software. Jmz Software was officially founded in September of 2013 and launched TWRP Manager, our first app, in October of the same year.
TWRP Manager has had over four million downloads and maintains a four star rating on the Play Store. In that time frame, we have kept the interface up to date with current design trends and added more functionality to include a Live Backup system. We have gone on to develop several other apps while still maintaining their open source roots. We both still contribute to open source Android ROMs as well as PHPBB modules and even open source apps.
We have worked with several development teams in the past to provide assistance and improve software. We have also taken on contract work in support of US Government agencies. Most recently we were contracted by a company named Compliant Campaign and met every objective and even added extra features for the customer.
The dedication to the customer does not waiver and we have a great customer support team. We are very active in responding to reviews on the Play Store and replying to emails for support.
Recent
Works
See some of our apps and designs below:
Mobile App Development
Photoshop
Permissions Management
Illustrator
Advanced Permissions
Html / Css
Load More
Total Downloaded
Editors Supported
Languages Detected
Happy Clients
We Specialize
In
Mobile and web app development
Web Applications
Creating fully responsive and dynamic web applications
SEO
Properly and quickly searchable websites
Truly Multipurpose
Full-stack software that can do whatever you need it to.
Graphic Design
Pixel perfect design services to meet every need.
Analytics
True data analytics services that will help tell the story of any data for any need.
Unlimited Colors
We put a lot of effort in design, as it’s the most important ingredient of successful website.
Contact
Us
Looking for a quote? Please send as much detail as possible and we will respond promptly
SEND
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© 2023 Jmz Software. All rights reserved.