MyQuran - Privacy Policy - The WALi Studio
Home
Alhamdulillah : Tashih
Alhamdulillah : Tashih
Blog
Karir
Contact Us
Contact Us
Menu
MyQuran - Privacy Policy
Home
›
Privacy Policy
MyQuran – Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is the WALi studio’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you through our app, MyQuran Indonesia.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our app need some permission :
Location Permission : to access correct user location, to calculate PrayTime. We need this on foreground when you use the application.
Internet : we need internet connection to download audio from our server, to save your data on our server like khatam data, memorizing quran
Write and Read Storage : when you download audio from our server, that file will be written on your smartphone memory.
Some data are saved on our server to keep your data and sync with your other devices so you can continue to use the app from other devices. We transfer data to our server with encryption and https protocol, so your data will be secured.
Some data that we save on our server are :
Your email address, your email name. We DO NOT share this with third party
Your MyQuran data like your version, Khatam data, Bookmark data, usage statistic data.
Your data can be erased fitur Delete Account feature from MyQuran app. You can access the erase button from the bottom of dashboard menu.
Our app may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
This application uses CellRebel’s technology. By accessing this application, you understand and agree that CellRebel may sample data from your device, including location data, for the purposes of analyzing the following areas: network performance, network user experience and user equipment performance. This information can be shared with third parties in an aggregated format without personal identifiable information with the purpose to improve the network performance or to be used in designing marketing campaigns. This can help to improve your mobile network and your network connectivity. Further information can be obtained in the Privacy Policy found at
www.cellrebel.com/privacy_policy
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our app will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
We’ve partnered with Opensignal to help improve the performance and reliability of this app and your wireless networks while respecting your privacy.
Opensignal does not collect any information that directly identifies you or your device, and does not sell any personal data about you. Opensignal is the independent global standard for helping telecom ecosystem companies around the world better understand and improve network coverage to improve connectivity for all.
Opensignal may collect data relating to the wireless network performance your device experiences, that may include the following types of personal information and/or personal data: Geolocation data, identifiers (e.g. network names, resettable IDs, BSSIDs, and other access point information), and app state. Opensignal uses this data to gather information on network experience and create aggregated reports and/or data solutions including anonymized location, for example by plotting network performance on a map to convey coverage.
You can learn more about Opensignal’s privacy policy
here
. You have the right to opt-out of data sharing with Opensignal at any time. To do so please use the opt-out measures provided in your mobile application or this privacy statement.
Post Views:
5,878
2019 @thewalistudio
Home
Alhamdulillah : Tashih
Blog
Karir
Contact Us