The features that set us apart - Pinngle Messenger
En
Eng
Ar
Rus
Home
Download
Web
Features
About Us
Blog
Add funds
En
Eng
Ar
Rus
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Pinngle CJSC. uses and protects any information that you might give Pinngle CJSC. when you use our website. Pinngle CJSC. is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ever ask you to provide any information by which you can be identified when using our website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Pinngle CJSC. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 01st September 2016.
What are cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
How we use cookies
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to adapt it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us to provide you with a better website experience, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website might contain links to other websites. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over 3rd party website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites which are not governed by this privacy statement. You should refer to the privacy statement applicable to the 3rd party website that you visit.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may periodically send test calls to users in order to achieve the highest quality and assure your important conversations are delivered without compromise. In case of necessity we may disclose users telephone numbers to telecom operators in order to fix quality issues. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about our offers which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you (e.g. under UK Data Protection Act 1998). A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please use our Contact page. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible, at the above Contact page. We will correct any information found to be incorrect.
Request and usage of READ_CALL_LOG permission on Android
We request sensitive READ_CALL_LOG permission during app installation process only for registration automation purpose. After you've entered your phone number during registration, Pinngle robot will make a verification call and you will be automatically registered right after this call. We need this to keep security and safety of our users at the highest possible level. We do not use it in any other way except usage mentioned before.
Pinngle Channels
When you open channel at Pinngle, the application may ask to accept the following terms and conditions
When you publish content to Pinngle, it means that you are allowing everyone, including people off of Pinngle, to access and use that information, and to associate it with you (i.e., your name and profile picture).
Pinngle has right to delete any content, or even block the channel, if the channel includes virus or malicious code, unlawful marketing content, hate speech, harassment, violence, threating, content which violets someone else rights, infringe other people’s intellectual rights, anyone’s identification document or sensitive financial information, any other unlawful content or activity for other reason or without any reason. Pinngle has right to delete a channel in case if it was not updated for 90 days.
Pinngle iOS and Android Applications
LICENSED APPLICATION END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
Pinngle CJSC. ("Pinngle" or "we" or "us" or "our" or other similar pronouns) offers users with mobile devices ("You") calling and text messages services ("Services") transacted through a licensed application (“Licensed Application") for mobile devices. Our Licensed Application is licensed, not sold, to You for use only under the terms of this license, unless a product or service is accompanied by a separate license agreement, in which case the terms of that separate license agreement will govern, subject to Your prior acceptance of that separate license agreement. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to You.
1. Scope of License
This license granted to You for our Licensed Application is limited to a non-transferable license to use the Licensed Application on any mobile device that You own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in our Terms and Conditions (the “Usage Rules”). This license does not allow You to use the Licensed Application on any mobile device that You do not own or control, and You may not distribute or make the Licensed Application available over a network where it could be used by multiple mobile devices at the same time. You may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Licensed Application. You may not copy (except as expressly permitted by this license and the Usage Rules), decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Licensed Application, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open sourced components included with the Licensed Application). Any attempt to do so is a violation of our rights. If You breach this restriction, You may be subject to prosecution and damages. The terms of the license will govern any upgrades provided by us that replace and/or supplement our Services, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in which case the terms of that license will govern.
2. Consent to Use of Data
You agree that we may collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical information about Your mobile device, system and application software, and peripherals, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to You (if any) related to the Licensed Application. We may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify You, to improve our Services offered to You (for further information on our privacy policy click here).
3. Termination
The license is effective until terminated by You or us. We will terminate your rights under this license without notice if You fail to comply with any term(s) of this license. Upon termination of the license, You shall cease all use of the Licensed Application, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Licensed Application.
4. Services
In the course of using the Licensed Application You may encounter content that may be deemed offensive, indecent, or objectionable. Nevertheless, You agree to use our Services at Your sole risk and we shall not have any liability to You for content that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable. You agree not to not exploit the Services in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not limited to, trespass or burdening network capacity. You further agree not to use our Services in any manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that we are not in any way responsible for any such use by You, nor for any harassing, threatening, defamatory, offensive or illegal messages or transmissions that You may receive as a result of using our Services. We make no representation that our Services are available for use in any particular location. To the extent You choose to access our Services, You do so at Your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws, including but not limited to applicable local laws. We reserve the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to our Services at any time without notice. In no event will we be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to our Services. We may also impose limits on the use of or access to our Services, in any case and without notice or liability.
5. NO WARRANTY
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, OUR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE”, WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND SERVICES OR THAT THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY US SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES CAUSE ANY DEFECTS, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
6. Limitation of Liability
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED APPLICATION, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In no event shall our total liability to you for all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential purpose.
7. Notice and Take Down Procedures; Copyright Agent
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that the people who use the Site, Services and Licensed Application do the same. If You believe that any materials accessible on or from the Site, Services and Licensed Application infringes on Your copyright, You may request the removal of those materials (or access thereto) by contacting our copyright agent. Please go to the DMCA notification page to review our DMCA notification guidelines and procedures - Pinngle DMCA POLICY.
8. Jurisdiction
The laws of the Latvia, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern this license and your use of the Licensed Application. You expressly agree that the courts in the Latvia have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute with Pinngle or relating in any way to your use of the Licensed Application. Your use of the Licensed Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
Pinngle DMCA POLICY
Pinngle has adopted the following procedures to respond to alleged copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. The address of our designated agent to receive notification of infringement ("Designated Agent") is listed at the end of this policy. It is Pinngle’s policy to (1) block access to or remove material that it believes in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates, content providers, members or users; and (2) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders.
A. How to Report Copyright Infringement:
If you believe that material or content residing on or accessible through the Service infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed;
Identification of works or materials being infringed;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that we are capable of finding and verifying its existence;
Contact information about the copyright owner including address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address. If you are not the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed, please describe your relationship to the copyright owner;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.
B. Upon Notification to the Designated Agent:
It is our policy:
to remove or disable access to the infringing material;
to notify the content provider, member or user that it has removed or disabled access to the material; and
that repeat offenders will have the infringing material removed from the system and that we will terminate such content provider's, member's or user's access to the Service.
C. Counter-Notice By Content Provider:
If the content provider, member or user believes that the material that was removed or to which access was disabled is either not infringing, or the content provider, member or user believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, the content provider, member or user must send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below:
A physical or electronic signature of the content provider, member or user;
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access to has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that the content provider, member or user has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the material; and
Content provider's, member's or user's name, address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address and a statement that such person or entity consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial district in which the content provider's, member's or user's address is located, or if the content provider's, member's or user's address is located outside the United States, for any judicial district in which Pinngle is located, and that such person or entity will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, we may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, solely at our discretion. Please contact our Designated.
Delivery Information
The product is delivered in 24 hours after payment
Product Return
Except as provided by law, all purchases are final and non-refundable. If you believe that Pinngle has charged you in error, you must contact Pinngle within 90 days of such charge. No refunds will be given for any charges more than 90 days old.  When you purchase any digital content from Pinngle, any right you may have to withdraw from or cancel the purchase will terminate once the digital content has been delivered to you upon your request, and you will not be entitled to claim any refund, except where you believe Pinngle has charged you in error. If you use third party services to purchase any of our Services, such purchase is subject to the refund terms of the applicable third party (including with respect to payment terms, refunds, etc.).
Pinngle reserves the right to refuse a refund request if it reasonably believes or suspects (i) that you are trying to unfairly exploit this refund policy, for example, by making repetitive refund requests in respect of the same product or feature, or by trying to receive a refund for a non-refundable credit (such as a reward); (ii) that you are in breach of the terms of  Policy, the Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy; (iii) that you are using any of our products fraudulently or that your User Account is being used by a third party fraudulently; or (iv) that you purchased your Pinngle Credit through a third party service and the terms of such third party do not allow such refund. This refund policy does not affect any of your statutory rights to pursue a claim.
General terms and conditions
If you are under the age of eighteen (18) you need your parent or guardian to be involved in order to make any payments on Pinngle.
By making payments through the Site or the Pinngle App, you agree that we may communicate with you via Pinngle and/or email and/or any other available means in connection with any purchase you make on the Site or the Pinngle App.
For certain purchases, we may present you with additional terms before you complete the purchase (“Additional Terms”). The Additional Terms and the terms contained in this Policy will apply to your purchase. In the event there is a conflict between the provisions of this Policy and the Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control.
Join the rest of us here on Pinngle.
About Us
Pinngle is a free messenger app connecting users across the world with instant messaging, voice calls, and video chat. Try Pinngle today and join us in creating a better-connected world.
©
"PINNGLE" CJSC
Navigation
Home
Download
Features
About Us
Channels
Blog
Influencers
Write for us
Privacy Policy
Press Kit
Contacts
support@pinngle.me
marketing@pinngle.me
partnership@pinngle.me
Report bug
Follow Us
Download