Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Home
Products
News
FAQ
Contact us
Testimonials
Home
FAQ
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Telecomunicaciones  Ventero, S.L., a Spanish Company located C/ Cabo Machichaco, 18, 28290  Las Rozas de Madrid is the sole owner of the “Radardroid” service.
We at radardroid.com very much respect your privacy, are committed to   protecting it and want you to be informed about the ways we protect, use   and share the information that we collect. This Privacy Policy (this  “Policy”)  serves to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding  the  collection, use and disclosure of the information we receive when  you  visit the website and associated domains of radardroid.com  (the “Site”) and when you access use any part of our services,   software, applications, content, programs and products available through   the Site or other related toolbars, widgets, applications or   distribution channels operated by us (the “Services”).  This Policy   applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site or   the Services, when you access or use any content appearing on the Site   or made available through the Services, or that we collect on your   behalf as part of the Services.
GDPR is the General Data Protection Regulation, a sweeping  legislation passed by the EU and enforceable as of May 25, 2018. GDPR  maintains that data protection is a fundamental human right and it is  the responsibility of any company that controls and processes data to  protect that right. Data protection and privacy is essential for  Radradroid.
Telecomunicaciones Ventero
,  S.L. engages to comply with its obligation of secrecy of personal data  and its duty to treat them confidentially, and assumes all technical,  organizational and security measures to avoid its alteration, loss,  treatment or non authorized access.
Any user can anytime exercise  the right to access, rectify and cancel his data of personal nature by  sending a written request to our Data Protection Officer at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Types of Information We Collect
Personal Identifiable Information “PII”
Personal Identifiable Information (“PII”) is information that  specifically identifies you as an individual like location, IP address  and Device identifiers.
As "Anonymous" user, when you use your  mobile device with a copy of the Application installed, Radardroid may  collect your location and route information. Radardroid uses that information to provide you and other users with our Services. Radardroid may  make further use of your location and route information by providing  you information about apeed cameras and and other points of interest in  your close vicinity.
When  you send a support request, the data that you provide may be collected  meanwhile that request is solved and eliminated immediately afterwards.
Non- PII
We also collect information about the use   of our Service and the characteristics and activities of users of the   Services, from which any personal information has been removed   (“Non-Personal Identifiable Information”). When you access the Site or   use the Services, we may collect Non-PII, including without limitation:
Information regarding your use of the Services, including without limitation, activity and visit behavior on our website.
Information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or   online service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include, but is not   limited to: your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, device type,   browser type, operating system and version, the web page you were   visiting before you came to the Site, information you search for on the   Site, locale preferences, identification numbers associated with your   devices, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with   transactions, system configuration information, metadata concerning your   files, and other interactions with the Services.
In this Policy, we refer to all   information collected from or about you, including but not limited to   Personal Information, Contact Data and Non-Personal Information, as   “Your Information.”
Cookies.
Cookies are small bits of information   that this website places on your computer. We and our third party   service providers use cookies and Pixel Tags to identify your IP   address, browser type, domain name, and specific web pages through which   you click. This data is collected automatically and utilized to help  us  look for trends to improve our website and your interactive  experience.  The cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to  the website  and to provide you with a customized experience that we  feel will be of  value to you. The cookies that are configured by this  website do not  contain any personally identifying information, such as  your name, or  sensitive information, such as your credit card number.  You can instruct  your browser, by changing its options, to stop  accepting cookies or to  prompt you before accepting a cookie from the  website you visit. If you  do not accept cookies, however, you may not  be able to use all portions  of the Site or all functionality of the  Services
How We Use Your Information
When you submit information to us, it is  collected, processed and  maintained solely by us or by third party  agents who are bound by  privacy restrictions at least as restrictive as  those set forth in this  Policy.
Radardroid
may  use your location and/or route information to create aggregated  anonymous data and to use such data in accordance with this policy.  Radardroid will make commercially reasonable efforts to permanently  remove your identity from your location or route information that is  used for aggregated purposes.
Radardroid  uses mobility, parking and activity detection services provided by  Anagog. Please refer to Anagog privacy policy for further informacion
http://anagog.com/privacy-policy/
App usage information that we collect
Radardroid may  also collect app usage information to create aggregated  anonymous data  and to use such data for improving Radardroid services.  Radardroid uses  Google Analytics for gathering ANONYMOUS app-usage  information. Please  refer to Google Analytics privacy policy for  further information
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights with how your  Personal Data is processed which are described below. In some  circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your requests, or  we may ask you to provide us with additional information in connection  with your request, which may be Personal Data, for example, if we need  to verify your identity or the nature of your request. In such  situations, however, we will still respond to let you know of our  decision.
Right to be informed
- You have the right to know how your data is being processed.
Right of Access
- Your have the right to access and request copies of your data that’s being collected.
Right of Rectification
- You have the right to modify or update your personal data if incorrect data is being used.
Right to Erasure
- You have the right to delete any personal data that has been collected.
Right to Restriction
- You have the right to prevent a company from processing certain types of personal data.
Right to Data Portability
- You have the right to access your personal data and transfer it between controllers.
Right to Object
- You have the right to withdraw consent to the processing of your data for public interest, marketing or research.
Right to Reject Automated Decisions
- You have the right to object to your data being processed by automatic systems.
To make any of requests described above, contact us at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
Opting out of location information services by uninstalling the Application
At  all times you may uninstall the Application, by using the Application's  uninstall option, or by using the programs removal feature of your  operating system. Following the uninstallation process, Radardroid will  not be able to collect any further location based information from you,  or provide you with location based information about speed cameras or  other points of interest in your close vicinity.
©  2009-2015 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED  •  RADARDROID
Terms