Mobile Privacy | plaincode
plain
code
app development + tech blog
Menu
Skip to content
Home
Apps
Tools
Clinometer
MagnetMeter
AccelMeter
iSetSquare
Productivity
iContacts
Home Automation
MagicHue
Mobile Privacy
Privacy Policy for plaincode mobile Applications
This privacy policy governs your use of our software applications for mobile devices that were created by plaincode (Peter Breitling). This applies to all our application if not otherwise noted. You find a link to this page from the relevant stores the apps are published, or on request.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
This application does not ask for user provided information.
Automatically Collected Information
The Application collects certain information automatically in an anonymized way, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device (anonymized), your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way the Application us used. This logging is done in an anonymized way, no personal identifiable data is collected from you.
Why do you collect data at all?
We obtain data to provide the intended Application functionality, to find bugs and to improve and prioritise Application features. We try to keep the data we collect as minimal as possible.
Do you sell my data?
We do not sell data, this is and will not be our business model.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only the services used to automatically collect data have access. They are configured to only collect the data in an anonymized way.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
If we add a feature that would need to obtain user provided data, then this privacy statement will be updated. This change will be visible to the user before the data is obtained / entered by you (e.g. as a click agreement as part of a registration process).
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at privacy@plaincode.com.
Search for:
Recent Posts
iContacts+ app updated for iOS14 to version 2.8
Updates released for iOS 13 with dark mode support – Working on new features
Added support for iPad Pro, iPhone XS and iPhone XR
iPhone X & iOS 11 Updates
Future news can also be received here
Recent Comments
Jorge Bachler on
iPhone X & iOS 11 Updates
Stefan Garr on
iContacts
Bill on
Clinometer
Laci on
Clinometer
Gary on
Clinometer
Archives
October 2020
January 2020
November 2018
December 2017
November 2013
June 2013
March 2013
Categories
AccelMeter
Clinometer
iOS
iSetSquare
MagicHue
MagnetMeter
Mobile
Press Release
Programming
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries
RSS
Comments
RSS
WordPress.org
© 2008 - 2016 plaincode
W3C ✓
Imprint