InfoPlus
Bỏ qua nội dung
InfoPlus
Menu
Home
Contact
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy of Tube MP3 Music Player
Effective date: September 21, 2018
Tube MP3 Music Player (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the website and the Tube MP3 Music Player mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Tube MP3 Music Player is managed with the help of
Privacy Policies
.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Use of Data
Tube MP3 Music Player uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Flurry Analytics
Flurry Analytics service is provided by Yahoo! Inc.
You can opt-out from Flurry Analytics service to prevent Flurry Analytics from using and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry’s Opt-out page:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/end-user-opt-out/
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Yahoo!, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/legal-privacy/terms-service/?guccounter=1
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
kimminho.infoplus@gmail.com
Minho Kim
Không phân loại
Để lại phản hồi
21 Tháng Chín, 2018
21 Tháng Chín, 2018
3 Minutes
Blog tại WordPress.com.
Trang này sử dụng cookie.
Tìm hiểu cách kiểm soát ở trong:
Chính Sách Cookie
Theo dõi
Thành viên đăng kí
InfoPlus
Theo dõi ngay
Đã có tài khoản WordPress.com?
Đăng nhập.
InfoPlus
Tùy biến
Theo dõi
Thành viên đăng kí
Đăng ký
Đăng nhập
Báo cáo nội dung
Đọc trong WordPress
Quản lý theo dõi
Ẩn menu
Tạo trang giống vầy với WordPress.com
Tham gia