PRIVACY
POLICY FOR APP USERS
Maine
Avenue Technologies [MAT], the developer of the
Transfer
Contacts
App, with package name com.maineavtech.android.grasshopper, knows
that you care about how your personal information is used and shared,
and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to
learn more about our privacy practices (“Privacy Policy”).
By using this application you accept the practices outlined in this
Privacy Policy.
WHAT
DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
This
Privacy Policy covers MAT treatment of personally identifiable
information (“Personal Information”) that
Transfer
Contacts
gathers
when you access or use the application. The
Transfer
Contacts
App provides a way for users to import their contacts from an old
mobile phone into the Smartphone where the App is installed and used.
No personal data is accessed unrelated with this operation.
WHAT
PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES Transfer Contacts COLLECT?
Although
we access personal data in order to provide the service to users, we
only collect data in anonymized form—i.e., not associated with
any other personally identifiable information: information regarding
the various actions and paths you take when using that App
(“Events”), including a timestamp associated with each
Event.
HOW
DOES Transfer Contacts USE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We
only use your Personal Information (i) in aggregate, anonymized form
for marketing purposes (e.g., to describe the total number of users
who are using Apps which use the Service), (ii) to provide the
Service to Users and (iii) to further develop and improve our
Services.
WILL
Transfer Contacts SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?
Personal
Information about our end users is an integral part of our business.
We do not rent, sell or disclose your Personal Information to anyone
(including Developers) – except for the following limited
purpose:
Users:
all information (including Personal Information) which is collected
through an App as part of the Services is made available to the User
of that App.
CONDITIONS
OF USE
If
you decide to access or use the
Transfer
Contacts
App, any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy
Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and
arbitration of disputes.
CHANGES
TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
MAT
may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information
we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time
such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use
Personal Information, we will notify you by changing this document
and posting on our website. Users are bound by any changes to the
Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Services (including through
any App) after such notice has been provided.
QUESTIONS
OR CONCERNS
If
you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy in connection
with the Services, please send us a detailed message to
[email protected]
. We will make every effort to resolve your
concerns.
Effective
Date: May 15, 2017
Maine
Avenue Technologies