GRUS GROUP - privacy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
GRUS GROUP
home
privacy
terms
GRUS GROUP
home
privacy
terms
More
home
privacy
terms
CALL BLOCKER
CALL BLOCKER PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: 15 Jul 2018
This Privacy Policy describes what personal information may be shared with Call Blocker and other users when activating and using Call Blocker ’s services, how Call Blocker receives, collects and uses this data, and how to opt out.
GRUS GROUP. and its affiliates (“Call Blocker ”, “
we
” or “
us
”) respect the privacy of users (“
user
” or “
you
”) of GRUS’s software (“
Software
”) and services (together with the Software, the “
Service
”) and are committed to protecting information, including Collected Information.
The terms of this Privacy Policy are incorporated by reference into Call Blocker’s
Terms of Service
.
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
1.1 INSTALLATION AND USE
When You install and use the Services, Call Blocker will collect personal information from You and any devices You may use in Your interaction with our Services. This information may include e.g.: Your IP address; device ID or unique identifier; device manufacturer and type; device and hardware settings; SIM card usage; applications installed on your device; ID for advertising; ad data, operating system; web browser; operator; IMSI; connection information; screen resolution; usage statistics; default communication applications; access to device address book; device log and event information; logs, keywords and meta data of incoming and outgoing calls and messages.
1.2 CONTACT INFORMATION
Sharing your contacts with us is optional (If you do, they don't leave your phone). Although we do not require it, allowing access to your contact list helps us to identify callers under the name you prefer to see, and to filter out numbers that may look spammer, but are actually legitimate for you (like your Doctor's office).
1.3 OTHER INFORMATION YOU MAY PROVIDE
You may provide us with various information in connection with Your interaction with our Services. For example, You may through report functionality associate a phone number as spam or some other attribute to be included in spam blocking directories.  Call Blocker will collect the information You provide in connection therewith, as well as any other information You provide through the Services or when You communicate or interact with us.
2. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Provide smart caller ID, dialer and messaging functionality that, among other features, allow for population of unidentified numbers and other data in call or message logs, display the name associated with a certain number for incoming or outgoing calls and messages or following a manual number search against the Call Blocker database.
Maintain User spam lists and build a community based spam blocking directory.
We will never access your personal data without asking your permission. Further, Call Blocker does not sell your phone information to third parties, and we don’t use the information to market to you or anyone else.
3. SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Call Blocker will share and disclose your information, including Collected Information, with non-user third parties only in accordance with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy or with your explicit consent.
Call Blocker may disclose your information, including Collected Information to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request.
4. Opting Out
Users may opt out of the Service by uninstalling the Software from their device, either by choosing the uninstall option on the Software, or by using the software removal option of the operating system of their device.
Upon uninstalling the Software, we will no longer collect any further information, including Collected Information, from you through the Service, nor will we provide you with the Service, including with information via the Service pertaining to your Contacts or other third parties that initiate phone calls with you.
You can limit or opt-out of the collection and use of Your information for ad targeting by third parties via Your device settings.
5. INFORMATION SECURITY
In order to provide the Services, Call Blocker will transfer, process and store personal information in a number of countries,  and may also use cloud based services for this purpose.  We take all reasonable precautions to protect personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
6. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Call Blocker may at any time with or without a separate notice change this Privacy Policy, and You are encouraged to review this Policy from time to time. In case of substantial changes, Call Blocker will notify the Users by push notice or via notice in the Services.
7. ADDITIONAL RIGHTS FOR  EU INDIVIDUALS
If you are in the EU, applicable privacy laws grant you additional rights in relation to your Collected Information.  You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us by Email:
chriswhitenrp@gmail.com
You have the following rights:
• The right to be
informed
about how we use your Collected Information. You should be able to find the details in this policy but you can ask for more information if anything is unclear.
• The right to
access
the Collected Information we hold about you.
• The right to ask us to
correct
any Collected Information which we hold about you.
• The right to ask us to
delete
your Collected Information in certain circumstances.
8. CONTACT
If you have an inquiry or complaint about this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact Call Blocker’s Data Protection Officer, who has been appointed to deal with your inquiries and complaints.  You can send your enquiries via email to
chriswhitenrp@gmail.com
.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse