Privacy policy
Everything about World of Tanks in your pocket, install «Knowledge Base for WoT» from Google play.
X
Русский
English
Personal missions
|
Knowledge base
|
"Knowledge base for WoT" for Android
Login
LOGIN
Home page
Download
Privacy policy
X
Выберите регион, для авторизации.
Select your region to log in.
Russian region
North-american region
European region
Asia region
Korean region
General
Application
"Knowledge base for WoT"
is comliant with «Wargaming Developer Partner Program»
http://eu.wargaming.net/developers/documentation/rules/rules/
Authrization using Wargaming API for client applications - user enters his auth data on special page of game publisher World of Tanks.
Application does not store or transmit user auth data, as well as auth token, to our or other services. Auth token stored on user device till moment it expires.
Application does not transmit any data to our or other servers, which can identify user.
Collecting anonymous data Google Analytics
Application is collecting anonymous Google Analytics data. Information is anonymous and can not be linked with particular user.
Data which can be collected with Google Analytics:
Usage statistics: startup, close, frequency and duration of usage
Popularity of application sections
User interactions with application - clicks on interface elements, menu
Usage of different application versions
User country
User system language and application language
Application working speed
If user don't want Google Analytics data to be collected,
he can disable this feature in application settings.
Collection of anonymous data Google Play developer console
Application is using linked Google play developer account and Google Analytics.
This means, this data can be transmitted to Google Analytics:
Application usage on different Android versions
Device names on which application is used
Number of displays of application in Google Play Market
Traffic sources
Number of views of description page
Number of installs, downloads and first launches
User application ratings and dynamic of their change
Usage of anonymous data
All data collecting in application are used only by developers of application
"Knowledge base for WoT"
for analasys user behavior, interface interaction, popularity of different functions, and doesnt transmitted to third-parties.
In-app advertisements
Application
"Knowledge base for WoT"
is using targeted advertisements Google AdMob
https://www.google.com/admob/
.
You can find more info about data used by ads network here:
https://www.google.com/intl/ru/policies/privacy/
Last privacy policy upadte: February 2015.
Legal notice. The images contained within are copyrighted by Wargaming.Net LLP and tank stats are intellectual property of Wargaming.Net : Copyright © 1998 - 2013 Wargaming.net ®, All rights reserved. World of Tanks, WoT are trademarks or registered trademarks of Wargaming.net.