Privacy Policy
Apps
For Business
Sharpy
Colorization
More
drop_down
Log in
Try for free
Services
App list
Colorize
Sharpy
Backlight source
Scanning accessories
Why Photomyne?
Inspiration
App of the day
Photomyne blog
Weekly Nostalgia Bits
Photomyne Presents
Discover public photos
Photo archive
Company
Our story
Team
Jobs
For Business
From the press
Investor Relations
Photo backup
Help & Support
FAQs
Email us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
EU-GDPR
US Privacy Notice
Do not sell
Cookie Policy
QR code
Asset 15
Asset 15
Apps
For Business
Sharpy
Colorization
More
drop_down
Services
App list
Colorize
Sharpy
Backlight source
Scanning accessories
Why Photomyne?
Company
Our story
Team
Jobs
For Business
From the press
Investor Relations
Photo backup
Inspiration
App of the day
Photomyne blog
Weekly Nostalgia Bits
Photomyne Presents
Discover public photos
Photo archive
Help & Support
FAQs
Email us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
EU-GDPR
US Privacy Notice
Do not sell
Cookie Policy
QR code
Privacy Policy
We have the utmost respect for your privacy, and understand that your personal information is
      important to you
🇺🇸 English
drop_down
Photomyne Ltd. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the
“Company”
and all references,
        as the context requires,
        to
“Photomyne”
,
“we”
,
“us”
or
“our”
) are committed to protecting and respecting your rights to privacy. Any
        personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us on a lawful basis as set
        forth in this Privacy Policy.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how
        we will collect, use, including in respect of any use of the Services (as defined below), and disclose
        information. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the software, services, information, tools, features and
        functionality offered by the Company on our proprietary applications under the Photomyne brand and on its
        website available at:
photomyne.com
(the
"Photomyne Apps"
and
        collectively, the
"Services"
). Should we ask you
        to provide certain personal data when using our Services, you can be assured that it will only be used in
        accordance with this Privacy Policy.
IMPORTANT:
BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ALL PERSONAL IDENTIFIABLE
        INFORMATION ("
PERSONAL DATA
")
        THAT YOU SUBMIT OR THAT IS COLLECTED THROUGH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY PERSONAL DATA RELATING TO YOUR
        CHILDREN, MAY BE PROCESSED BY THE COMPANY IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
        BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU GIVE YOUR CONSENT THAT ALL PERSONALLY
YOU ARE NOT LEGALLY REQUIRED TO PROVIDE US WITH PERSONAL INFORMATION, HOWEVER, USE OF THE SERVICES REQUIRES THAT
        YOU PROVIDE PERSONAL INFORMATION. IF YOU CHOOSE TO WITHHOLD ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION REQUIRED IN RESPECT
        THEREOF, IT WILL NOT BE POSSIBLE FOR YOU TO USE THE SERVICES.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full, but here are some key issues we hope you will find
        useful:
Data We Collect.
When you use the Services, we may collect your Personal Data that you post and/or
          upload and/or transmit through the Services, including device information for the following purposes:
to enable you to carry out the main purpose of the Services, for example to scan, save, share and
              safeguard your scans and to retrieve your content should anything happen;
to improve the user experience, such as providing you with information, support, products or services that
              you request from us or which may be of interest to you;
to improve our Services and to help resolve any problems when you send email or other communication to us;
to understand the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the way the Services work and
              look, and to create new features and functionality;
to enable internal record keeping.
You Are in Control.
You may ask to access, modify, correct, erase, and update your Personal Data by
            writing to us at
support@photomyne.com
.
Where we rely on your consent to process Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your
            consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
To learn more about how to exercise your rights, to the extent applicable, please review our
GDPR webpage
and/or our
Supplemental US Privacy
              Notice
.
Your Data is Safe.
We take generally accepted technical and organizational measures to protect your
          Personal Data from unauthorized access, unauthorized alteration, misuse or destruction.
Data Transfer.
The server on which the Services are hosted and/or through which the Services are
          processed may be outside the country from which you access them and may be outside your country of residence.
          Most of the information is saved to the cloud for backup.
Some of the uses of the Personal Data may involve the transfer of your Personal Data to various service
          providers of us, established in countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy
          protection than your country. However, we take additional measures when information is transferred from the
          European Economic Area (EEA). This includes having standard clauses approved by the European Commission in our
          contracts with parties that receive information outside the EEA. We also rely on European Commission adequacy
          decisions about certain countries, as applicable, for data transfers to countries outside the EEA.
Feel Free to Talk to Us.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, how we collect or process
          your
          Personal Data, or anything else related to our privacy practices we strongly encourage you to contact us by
          sending an email to:
support@photomyne.com
.
We Care About the Safety of Children.
Therefore, the Services are not directed towards children under
          18, they
          are not allowed to register with or use the Services or provide Personal Data. If you have reason to believe
          that a child under the said age has provided us with their Personal Data, please contact us at
support@photomyne.com
. and we will endeavor to delete that Personal
          Data from our databases. Regardless, you
          must ensure that you have in place all consents, permits, and approvals regarding any children Personal Data.
Marketing.
We may use Personal Data in order to send you push notifications to offer you special
          updates or
          marketing in respect of the Services.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar technologies on our Services. You can disable cookies but then your
          online experience on our Services will be limited. We use cookies in order to improve the user experience, and
          operate, maintain and provide the Services. We also use third party cookies. For further information please
          see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information Sharing.
We may share your Personal Data with third parties who assist us in providing the
          Services. We have a contract with those third parties to govern their processing on our behalf. We may also
          transfer Personal Data to comply with any obligations by which we are bound.
1. Processing Your Personal Data
We will only collect and process Personal Data about you where we have lawful basis. We rely on the following
        legal grounds:
For the fulfilment of contractual obligations.
Mainly, in order to provide you with the Services, and
        information or support that you request from us.
For the pursuit of our legitimate interests.
To the extent necessary, we may process your Personal Data
        beyond
        the performance of the actual Services, in order to protect the legitimate interests of Photomyne or third
        parties. This includes our commercial interests, including our interest in improving the Services and protecting
        the security and integrity of the Services and internal record keeping.
Due to legal obligation.
We may be obligated to process some of your Personal Data to comply with
        applicable
        laws and regulations.
Based on your consent.
Where you have given consent and to the extent that you have not objected to the
        use of
        your data within this context, we will use your Personal Data for advertising and marketing activities. For
        further information please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Where we rely on your consent to process Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent
        at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
If you have any questions about the lawful basis upon which we collect and use your Personal Data, please
        contact our Data Protection Officer at
support@photomyne.com
.
We process your Personal Data only for specific and limited purposes, including the provision of the Services.
        We ask only for Personal Data that is adequate, relevant and not excessive for such purposes. The specific
        purposes of the different types of Personal Data collected are listed in Section 2 ("Information We Collect and
        How We Use It") below.
2. Information We Collect and How We Use It
We will not collect or use Personal Data for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy and/or
        in any other legal instrument in effect between us. If we intend to use your Personal Data for any purposes
        other than those described herein, then we will ask for your explicit consent prior to such use. You can decline
        to submit Personal Data, in which case we may not be able to provide you with part or all of the Services.
Furthermore, unless stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy, we will not share, sell, auction off or give away
        your Personal Data to any third-party or other organization without first obtaining your prior written consent.
        For further information on information sharing see Section 5 ("Third Parties processing your Personal Data")
        below.
In order to provide you with our Services, we may collect the following types of information:
Personal Data you provide us directly
General Information:
If you choose to sign up to our Photomyne Apps, in order to use a
        wider range of Services,
        or when communicating with us we may collect the following Personal Data. Please note that you do not have to
        provide the below mentioned Personal Data, but in such a case we may not be able to provide you some of the
        features of the Services.
Your first and last name (optional)
Email address
Telephone number (optional)
User communications. When you send email or other communication to us, we may retain those communications in
            order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our Services.
Why?
In order to provide you with information, support, products or services that you
        request from us or which
        may be of interest to you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes, including marketing and
        technical information about new products, features or special offers.
Scanned photos and other submitted content:
ı When you use the Services, you may choose
        to provide the following
        Personal Data (
“Materials”
):
Photos, slides, videos, paintings, images, negatives and/or any other information you scan with the Photomyne
          Apps or upload to the Photomyne Apps.
Videos that you create or submit for digitization.
Any details that you provide relating to the aforementioned materials such as the names of the people
          (including face tagging), locations and any other text/information you choose to provide.
Voice recordings and audio information, which is a feature that may be available to you in some of the
          Services.
Birthday and family relationship details and other family tree information or information regarding family
          members.
Why?
Mainly in order to enable you to carry out the main purpose of the Services
        meaning scan, save, share and
        safeguard your Materials, and to retrieve your content should anything happen.
Personal Data we collect automatically
Device Information
Your mobile device configuration (primarily country/time zone & language settings).
Depending on your device operating system and your setting preferences, we might collect your IP address and
          unique device identifiers (e.g. IDFA).
Information about your mobile carrier.
Information about your device model, operating system settings, unique device identifiers and crash data that
          helps us understand when something breaks.
Software and hardware attributes.
Cookie information. In order to keep you logged in to the Services/Photomyne Apps we may use temporary cookies
          that remain on your device for a limited period of time, for as long as the Services are provided / not
          terminated. We may also use persistent cookies that remain on your device until the application is removed.
          Cookies by themselves cannot be used to discover the identity of the user.
For further information on the cookies we use, please see our
Cookie Policy
To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your
          device manufacturer or software provider.
Why?
to improve the user experience, such as device/geographic oriented messages, easy
        access to web, languages
        of the app and notifications, and timing of messages related to your local time to operate, maintain and provide
        the Services, including in order to administer the Services.
App Usage Patterns:
When you use the Services, we or our third-party providers,
        automatically collect and record
        information regarding the method and nature of your use of the Services, including among others:
The date on which you registered to the Services.
The parts of the Services you view and/or use and the dates and times on which they were viewed or used.
Impressions.
Any actions you make in the Services, such as when Materials were scanned, edited, shared, or deleted. This
          includes the number of times a user used the uploading to Google Photos functionality. For further information
          please see Section 4 ("Connecting to ‘Google Photos’") below.
Other traffic data. For example, our systems may automatically record and store browser information, exit
          point, usage time, number of clicks.
The Services contain hyperlinks to other pages, widgets and features on the Services. We may use technology to
          track how often these links are used and which pages, widgets and features of the Services our visitors choose
          to view. For further information please see Section 6 ("Links to third party websites") below.
Why?
to understand the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the way
        the Services work and look,
        and to create new features and functionality, to improve the user experience, such as providing you with
        information, support, products or services that you request from us or which may be of interest to you.
Information we obtain from third parties
We sometimes supplement the information that you provide with information that is received from third parties
        (see further information below under Section 5 ("Third Parties processing your Personal Data") below).
For illustration by way of an example, if you interact with Apple and/or Google and/or any other platform or
        other social media plug-in in the Services ("
App Platforms
") in connection with the
        Services (such as by logging
        in with your Google account), we may receive information from your respective App Platform account, including
        your name, profile picture, email address, and any information defined as public pursuant to the policies of
        such App Platforms.
You should check your App Platforms privacy settings to understand and change the information sent to us through
        the App Platforms. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties and/or App Platforms.
        We recommend you to carefully read the terms of use and privacy policies of such third parties and/or App
        Platforms before using their services and connecting to the Services. This Privacy Policy applies solely to
        Personal Data collected by us.
Why?
to provide and improve part of our Services, offer login options, provide emails
        for marketing and
        notification purposes.
Internal Record Keeping
To enable internal record keeping we keep the Personal Data obtained by you or by third parties, as detailed
        above.
Information We Don’t Collect
Your mobile device’s exact location.
Any personal information on your mobile device unrelated to the Services, (including other photos on your
          device, contacts, calendars, phone calls, messages, etc).
Why?
Because it’s none of our business 😊
3. Important Information About Sharing Your Photomyne Materials
The Photomyne Apps offer various ways to share the Materials you scanned or uploaded. Once you have shared your
        Materials and other Personal Data or information with others (via various channels available through the
        Photomyne Apps), or submitted Materials for public use, it may be re-shared by others. You are solely
        responsible for your decision to share your Materials and other Personal Data and information with others and/or
        to make your Materials and other Personal Data and information visible by others.
In addition, your Materials, other Personal Data, and any other information that you voluntarily post on the
        Services, such as through your profile, may become visible by the public on the Services, if you choose to share
        such data using one of the methods described herein.
Here is an explanation of what it means to share Materials, in terms of your privacy and your produced content.
Posting or submitting Materials for public display
Posting or submitting Materials for public display through the Photomyne Apps means that they will be public and
        visible to people online, outside of the Photomyne Apps. Such Materials could also find their way to strangers
        on the web. We have no control over how other people may interact with your published Materials (taking a
        screenshot, downloading the photo or video, etc.). Please keep that in mind before posting or submitting such
        Materials or any other content for public use.
Sharing Materials through the Photomyne Apps (generated web link)
Choosing to share Materials through the Photomyne Apps’ sharing option generates a unique web link which you can
        then pass on to your contacts and recipients. Anyone with that web link can have access to the Materials you
        shared. We have no control over how other people you shared your Materials with via the web link may interact
        with your content (taking a screenshot, downloading the photo or video, etc. or passing the web link on to
        others). This means it’s possible that your shared Materials could find their way to strangers on the web. To
        minimize the risk of unauthorized use of your content, the generated web link will work for a maximum of 1 year
        (365 days), after which it will become invalid.
Sharing Materials by creating a family website
Inside some of the Photomyne Apps, you may create a gallery website, showcasing the Materials. When you share
        your family website with others, they will have access to your website, and may pass its content or its address
        on to others. We have no control over how other people may interact with your content or the website. This means
        it’s possible that your family website or its content could find its way to strangers on the web. There is an
        option to add a 4-digit password protection to your family website, but please keep in mind that this DOES NOT
        constitute guaranteed protection of your content’s privacy.
Sharing Materials by using the Photomyne Share App
Choosing to share Materials through the Photomyne Share App ("
Photomyne Share
")
        generates a unique code which
        you can then pass on to your contacts and recipients. Anyone with that code can have access to the Materials you
        shared through Photomyne Share. We have no control over how other people you shared your Materials with via
        Photomyne Share may interact with your content (taking a screenshot, downloading the photo or video, etc. or
        passing the code on to others). This means it’s possible that your shared Materials could find their way to
        strangers on the web. To minimize the risk of unauthorized use of your content, the generated unique code will
        work for a maximum of 24 hours, after which it will become invalid.
4. Connecting to ‘Google Photos’
Our Services enable you to upload your Materials to your Google Photos account from within the Photomyne Apps.
        To start uploading photos to Google Photos, you have to configure access to your Google Photos account first.
Once you have connected to your Google Photos account and in order to upload your Materials, you will be asked
        to give Photomyne permission to add photos to your Google Photos account.
WHY?
In order for us to be able to upload the Materials you selected and prevent you
        from adding the same image
        more than once to avoid duplications.
This action does not grant Photomyne access to your existing photos at Google Photos other than the Materials
        uploaded through Photomyne. This is following a security protocol set by Google.
To disconnect Photomyne from Google Photos, go to the ‘Settings’ window in the app and click the ‘Disconnect
        from Google Photos’ button.
Once the authorization is granted, we will also receive your full name, Gmail address and Gmail account picture
        which will be presented in the ‘Settings’ window in the Photomyne Apps to inform you whether or not you are
        connected to your Google Photos account. Furthermore, if you're an Android user your Gmail address might be used
        as part of the ‘Google Sign In’ process should you decide to sign in or re-connect to your Google Photos account
        this way. We will not use this information for any other purpose.
5. Third Parties Processing Your Personal Data
The Photomyne Apps are a worldwide service. By providing any Personal Data to us pursuant to this Privacy
          Policy, all users, including, without limitation, users in the United States, Israel and member states of the
          European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), fully understand and unambiguously consent to this
          Privacy Policy and to the
          collection and processing of such Personal Data in Israel and abroad. The server on which the Services are
          hosted and/or through which the Services are processed may be outside the country from which you access them
          and may be outside your country of residence. Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy
          Policy may involve the transfer and processing of your Personal Data to various countries around the world,
          including the United States, that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country.
However, we take additional measures when information is transferred from the European Economic Area (EEA).
          This includes having standard clauses approved by the European Commission in our contracts with parties that
          receive information outside the EEA. We also rely on European Commission adequacy decisions about certain
          countries, as applicable, for data transfers to countries outside the EEA.
Information Shared with Third Parties
Third party providers that work with us use your IP address to help us with server problem diagnosis and to
          administer the Services. An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your device on a network, or in this
          case, the Internet. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. We may also perform
          IP lookups through third party providers to determine which domain you are coming from (i.e. aol.com,
          yourcompany.com) to more accurately gauge our users' demographics.
We may share Personal Data such as name and app events with third parties for support and diagnostic purposes
          or in order to provide us with reports and insights on how to optimize our promotional campaigns and to find
          people on different platforms that might be interested in our Service.
The Photomyne servers that are used to store your Personal Data are owned and hosted by Amazon Web Services,
          Inc., a subsidiary of Amazon.com (their privacy policies and practices may be found at
http://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
), which are located in the US and
          Ireland. The Photomyne servers that are used
          to store de-identified or aggregated Personal Data are owned and hosted by Google Cloud Platform (GCP) (their
          Privacy Policy and practices may be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
). If you do not agree to
          such
          transfer, please stop using the Photomyne Apps and Services and follow the actions described under the “Steps
          to exercise your Right to be Forgotten by Photomyne” here
https://photomyne.com/eu-gdpr#forgotten
. If you have any
          questions, please
          contact us in accordance with the “Contact us” Section below.
Below you can find a list of the categories of our service providers by whom Personal Data may be processed or
          transferred to and for what purposes.
CATEGORY OF RECIPIENT / SERVICES
REASON FOR TRANSFER
Infrastructure and storage
Secured storage of all Personal Data when you use the Services.
Backup of all data.
Data management.
Technical support.
Authentication and authorization services.
Customer Service and Communications
To provide customer service.
To reach out to you with our newsletter, surveys and notifications.
To obtain customer feedback.
Analytics and Marketing
To understand the usage trends and preferences of our users and generate statistical reports.
To improve and personalize user experience.
To create new features and functionality.
To provide us with reports and insights on how to optimize our promotional campaigns and to find
                      people on different platforms that might be interested in our Services.
Financial Services (credit card processor)
To collect and process payments for subscription to the Photomyne Apps.
We may also share some of your Personal Data in the following special circumstances:
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such Personal Data is reasonably
          necessary to:
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
enforce applicable agreements and/or their terms, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or
protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of the Company, its users or the public as
              required or permitted by law.
If we become involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets or in the
          event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors,
          or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, you will be notified
          on a best efforts basis via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses
          of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data. In any of the circumstances
          above, your Personal Data will continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
6. Links to Third Party Websites
Links to other sites and applications may be provided by us as a convenience to our users. We are not
        responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites and applications and you visit them at your
        own risk. We recommend you to carefully read the terms of use and privacy policies of such sites and
        applications. This Privacy Policy applies solely to Personal Data collected by us.
7. Aggregated Personal Data
In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, Photomyne often conducts research
        on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided
        to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Photomyne may share this aggregate
        data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you
        personally. Photomyne may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current
        and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
8. How Long We Hold Personal Data For
In all circumstances, Personal Data will be retained, as following:
for no longer than is necessary in relation to the purposes for which such Personal Data was collected or
              otherwise processed, including for the purpose of ensuring your Materials are saved and backed up for easy
              retrieval, should you need it (e.g. providing you with the Services); or
In the event you withdraw your consent and there are no more legitimate grounds for the processing.
Please be aware that if you remove or delete data from your account, you will no longer see it in the
          Photomyne Apps, but some backups of the data may remain in our archive servers for a reasonable period of time
          as long as you have not completed the steps required to exercise your “Right to be Forgotten” further
          described in our GDPR page
https://photomyne.com/eu-gdpr
.
Please note that we will also retain your Personal Data as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve
          disputes and enforce our agreements.
Once data is no longer lawfully required it will be
            destroyed securely.
9. Information Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized
          alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Data. However, no method of transmission over the Internet,
          or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable
          means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural security measures and safeguards to reasonably protect Personal
          Data. Our servers and our databases are protected by industry standard security technology.
We limit access to Personal Data about you to employees, contractors and service providers who we believe
          reasonably need to come into contact with that Personal Data. These individuals are bound by confidentiality
          obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to
          meet these obligations.
We strive to maintain the reliability, accuracy and completeness of Personal Data that we collect and to
          protect the privacy and security of our users. We keep your Personal Data only for as long as reasonably
          necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical
          reporting or document retention requirements.
Please understand that you can help keep your information secure by choosing and protecting your password
          appropriately, not sharing your password and preventing others from using your mobile device.
Although we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or destruction of
          data, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences, including by implementing corporate procedures in this
          regard. If you have reason to believe that your use of the Services is no longer secure (for example, if you
          feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify
          us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
10. Your Privacy Rights
According to applicable data protection laws and regulations, you may have the following rights:
requesting information on personal data that we hold about you;
demanding that the information be rectified should it be incorrect;
asking that your data be deleted, if Photomyne is not permitted or is not legally obliged to retain the
              data;
demanding that the processing of your data be restricted;
objecting to the processing by us;
requesting that your Materials will be transferred in a generally useable, machine-readable, and
              standardized format.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to
          access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that
          personal data is not disclosed to an unauthorized recipient.
You also have a right of appeal (as far as this affects you) to the respective Data Protection Supervisory
          Authority.
For detailed information about the above mentioned rights and how to exercise them, please see our GDPR page
https://photomyne.com/eu-gdpr
.
Nothing in this Privacy Policy is interpreted as an obligation to store information, and we may, at our own
          discretion, delete or avoid from recording and storing any and all information.
We do not charge for complying with a correction request, however, for all other requests, we may charge a
          small fee to cover its costs.
We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate
          technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical, or for which access is
          not otherwise required.
11. US Privacy Rights and Do Not Track Notices
If you reside in the United States, you may have some additional rights with respect to your Personal Data. For
        further information please see our
Supplemental US Privacy
          Notice
.
You are also advised that we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
12. Children's Privacy
We care about the safety of children. Therefore, the Services are not directed towards children under 18, they
        are not allowed to register with or use the Services or provide Personal Data. If you are under the age of 18 or
        the age of legal majority where you reside if that jurisdiction has an older age of majority, you must obtain
        parental consent (or consent from your legal guardian) prior to using our Services. We do not knowingly contact
        or engage with children under the age of 18 (or the age of legal majority where you reside if that jurisdiction
        has an older age of majority) without said parental consent (or consent from your legal guardian). If you have
        reason to believe that a child under the said age has provided us with their Personal Data, please contact us at
        the address given below and we will endeavor to delete that Personal Data from our databases.
If you are a parent or guardian who knows or has discovered that your child under the age of 18 or someone else
        has submitted your child’s personal data or other information without your consent, permission, or
        authorization; upon request, we will promptly remove your child’s Personal Data or other information from our
        database, cease the use of such information and direct any other party with access to such information to do the
        same.
You must ensure that all required consents, approvals and permits are obtained regarding any children included
        in photos.
13. Communications and Notifications
Upon your approval, we may send you push notifications to offer you special updates or marketing in respect of
        the Services. You should be able to opt-out of these notifications at the device level. We may also send you
        newsletters and promotional communications if you joined our mailing list, you may opt-out of this service at
        any time by clicking UNSUBSCRIBE at the bottom of each email or by submitting a request to
support@photomyne.com
.
14. Enforcement
The Company regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions
        or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our treatment of Personal Data by contacting us in accordance with
        the “Contact us” section below. When we receive formal written complaints, it is the Company's policy to contact
        the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory
        authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of
        Personal Data that cannot be resolved between the Company and an individual.
If you're based in the European Economic Area and think that we haven't complied with data protection laws, you
        have a right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commission in Hamburg, Germany or with your local
        supervisory authority.
15. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time without notification. Nevertheless, we will notify you about
        significant changes in the way we treat Personal Data by placing a prominent notice on the Photomyne Apps or
        website. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy for the latest information about our
        privacy practices. Please take a look at the “LAST UPDATED” legend at the bottom of this page to see when this
        Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the
        revised Privacy Policy on the site. Your use of the Services following these changes means that you accept the
        revised Privacy Policy.
16. Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, concerns about the way we process your Personal Data, or if
        you wish to exercise your rights, please feel free to contact us at:
support@photomyne.com
.
Last updated: December 25, 2022
Services
App list
Colorize
Sharpy
Backlight source
Scanning accessories
Why Photomyne?
Inspiration
App of the day
Photomyne blog
Weekly Nostalgia Bits
Photomyne Presents
Discover public photos
Photo archive
Company
Our story
Team
Jobs
For Business
From the press
Investor Relations
Photo backup
Help & Support
FAQs
Email us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
EU-GDPR
US Privacy Notice
Do not sell
Cookie Policy
QR code
Our apps
View photos on PC
© 2015-2023 Photomyne Ltd. All rights reserved
Photo Scan
by Photomyne
Download
SlideScan
by Photomyne
Download
FilmBox
by Photomyne
Download
Colorize
by Photomyne
Download
Photo Family Tree
by Photomyne
Download
FridgeArt
by Photomyne
Download
View scanned library on your computer
Scan this QR code from the app
Here's how
Get the full scanning suite
Unlock premium access to all three scanning apps:
Photomyne Photo Scan, SlideScan
,
FilmBox
and
Colorize.
Try it for free
Try 3 days free then $59.99/year
Plan auto-renews until canceled. Cancel anytime.
Yearly
Monthly
Phone number
so we can text you a download link
AD +376
AE +971
AG +1268
AI +1264
AM +374
AO +244
AR +54
AT +43
AU +61
AW +297
AZ +994
BA +387
BB +1246
BD +880
BE +32
BF +226
BG +359
BH +973
BI +257
BJ +229
BM +1441
BN +673
BO +591
BR +55
BS +1242
BT +975
BW +267
BY +375
BZ +501
CA +1
CF +236
CG +242
CH +41
CK +682
CL +56
CM +237
CN +86
CO +57
CR +506
CS +381
CV +238
CY +357
CY +90
CZ +420
DE +49
DJ +253
DK +45
DM +1809
DO +1809
DZ +213
EC +593
EE +372
EG +20
ER +291
ES +34
ET +251
FI +358
FJ +679
FK +500
FM +691
FO +298
FR +33
GA +241
GB +44
GD +1473
GE +7880
GF +594
GH +233
GI +350
GL +299
GM +220
GN +224
GP +590
GQ +240
GR +30
GT +502
GU +671
GW +245
GY +592
HK +852
HN +504
HR +385
HT +509
HU +36
ID +62
IE +353
IL +972
IN +91
IQ +964
IS +354
IT +39
JM +1876
JO +962
JP +81
KE +254
KG +996
KH +855
KI +686
KM +269
KN +1869
KR +82
KW +965
KY +1345
KZ +7
LA +856
LB +961
LI +417
LK +94
LR +231
LS +266
LT +370
LU +352
LV +371
LY +218
MA +212
MC +377
MD +373
MG +261
MH +692
MK +389
ML +223
MN +95
MN +976
MO +853
MQ +596
MR +222
MS +1664
MT +356
MV +960
MW +265
MX +52
MY +60
MZ +258
NA +264
NC +687
NE +227
NF +672
NG +234
NI +505
NL +31
NO +47
NP +670
NP +977
NR +674
NU +683
NZ +64
OM +968
PA +507
PE +51
PF +689
PG +675
PH +63
PK +92
PL +48
PR +1787
PT +351
PW +680
PY +595
QA +974
RE +262
RO +40
RU +7
RW +250
SA +966
SB +677
SC +1758
SC +248
SD +249
SE +46
SG +65
SH +290
SI +386
SK +421
SL +232
SM +378
SN +221
SO +252
SR +597
ST +239
SV +503
SZ +268
TC +1649
TG +228
TH +66
TJ +992
TM +993
TN +216
TO +676
TR +90
TT +1868
TV +688
TW +886
UA +380
UG +256
US +1
UY +598
UZ +998
VA +379
VE +58
VG +1
VI +1
VN +84
VU +678
WF +681
YE +967
YE +969
YT +269
ZA +27
ZM +260
ZW +263
First name
Last name
Card number
Expiration date
CVV
By clicking the button above you are agreeing to the
Terms of Use
Congrats! You now have the Photomyne Scanning Suite
We just sent a text message to your phone
.
Didn't get it?
Re-type your number here.
What's next? Follow these steps to continue:
1. Download the Photo Scan by Photomyne app
Open the text message / email we sent you and tap the link to download Photo Scan by Photomyne on your phone.
2. Open the app & log in
Open Photo Scan by Photomyne and tap
Got the scanning suite?
to log in with your phone number.
3. Download the rest of the Scanning Suite
Once logged in to Photo Scan by Photomyne, download the other apps:
SlideScan, FilmBox and Colorize.
Or login to your account online
Need help?
Contact our support
|  Learn more in
this FAQ
Sent
We are processing your payment.
This may take a moment.
I understand and agree
We urge you to read
Photomyne’s complete GDPR information page
before continuing.
Close
We value your privacy
By clicking "Accept all", you agree to the use of cookies for Analytics and Advertising purposes. For more information, read our
Cookie Policy
.
Necessary Cookies
Analytics
Advertising
Accept all
Personalize settings
Save
Access your account right here, on your computer:
1.
Open the app on your mobile device.
2.
Inside the app, tap the
icon, and enter your email to receive a one-off access link.