Privacy Policy | MySmartPrice
POPULAR MOBILES:
realme 11 Pro
Samsung Galaxy F54 5G
Lava Agni 2 5G
Apple iPhone 15
vivo Y16
Mobiles
Upcoming Mobiles
Compare Mobiles
New mobiles
Popular Mobiles
Best Mobiles
Tablets
Compare Processors
Benchmarks
Washing Machines
Refrigerators
Air Conditioners
Air Purifiers
Microwave oven
Audio & Wearables
Earphones
Earbuds/TWS
Headphones
Home Theatre
Smartwatches
Fitness Band
Audio
Wearables
News & Reviews
News
Reviews
Leaks
Gaming
News
How Tos
Lists
Reviews
Features
Deals
Privacy Policy
We,
MSP Digital Media Private Limited
, a private limited company incorporated under the Indian Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at
B-149, Second Floor, Dayanand Colony, Lajpat Nagar - IV, New Delhi-110024, India
, (where such expression shall, unless repugnant to the context thereof, be deemed to include its respective legal heirs, representatives, administrators, permitted successors and assigns), the creator of this Privacy Policy ensure our steady commitment to Your privacy with regard to the protection of your invaluable information. This privacy policy contains information about Website (Desktop website, Browser Add-on and Mobile website) and Mobile Application 'MySmartPrice' (hereinafter referred to as 'Website / Application'). In order to provide You with uninterrupted use of Our services, We may collect and, in some circumstances, disclose information about you. To ensure better protection of Your privacy, We provide this notice explaining Our information collection and disclosure policies, and the choices You make about the way Your information is collected and used.
If You have any queries or concerns regarding this privacy policy, You should contact Our Customer Support Desk by emailing Us at
hi@mysmartprice.com
.
ANY CAPITALIZED WORDS USED HENCEFORTH SHALL HAVE THE MEANING ACCORDED TO THEM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. FURTHER, ALL HEADINGS USED HEREIN ARE ONLY FOR THE PURPOSE OF ARRANGING THE VARIOUS PROVISIONS OF THE AGREEMENT. NEITHER THE USER NOR THE CREATORS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY USE THE HEADING TO INTERPRET THE PROVISIONS CONTAINED WITHIN IT IN ANY MANNER.
1. DEFINITIONS:
"We", "Our", and "Us" shall mean and refer to the creators of this privacy policy.
"You", "Your", "Yourself" and "User" shall mean and refer to natural and legal individuals who use the Website/Application
"Application" shall mean and refer to MySmartPrice mobile application created by MSP Digital Media Private Limited
"Personal Information" shall mean and refer to any personally identifiable information that We may collect from You. For removal of any doubts, please refer to Clause 2.
"Third Parties" refer to any application, website, company or individual apart from the User and the creator of the Application.
2. OVERVIEW:
We are committed to respecting Your online privacy. We further recognize Your need for appropriate protection and management of any Personal Information You share with us. Your continued use of our service means that MySmartPrice has your consent to send periodic communication regarding your usage of this site or any product or service that you purchased. This communication can be through various channels at MySmartPrice's disposal (e.g. e-mails, promotional SMS, Push Notifications etc.). MySmartPrice reserves the right to communicate with users regarding the use of the site or any product or service bought on this site.
3. INFORMATION COLLECTED:
We may collect the following information:
Your Personal data such as, Your name Your Phone Number and Your e-mail address. This information enables us to provide you the most relevant information and user-friendly experience.
Your email data from online shopping portals to provide you a comprehensive view of all your spends.
Your Tracking Information such as, but not limited to the IP address of Your device, your browser type and date and time of your visit when connected to the Internet
Your Device ID details so as to optimize your application experience and notify you about exciting offers for your device.
Your Web browsing activity related to ecommerce, page content from ecommerce pages. We use this data for notifying best prices for your searched products.
4. COOKIES:
We use data collection device known as "cookies" at certain stages of use of Our Website/ Application. "Cookies" are small files situated on Your mobile/ computer/ device's hard disk that assist Us in providing customised services. A cookie helps us analyse your preferences by, for example, recording the number of times you have used the Website / Application, and help us in tailoring our services to suit your interests. Further, there are certain features of the Website / Application that are available only through the use of a "cookie". These "cookies" may be used whether You register on the Website / Application or not. However, a "cookie" does not give Us access to your device.
You may choose to disable the "cookie" feature on Your device. But this may prevent full utilization of the services provided by the Website / Application.
5. BROWSER ADD-ON & Email Access:
Add-On/Extensions are small software programs that can modify and enhance the functionality of browsers. You can add MySmartPrice Extensions to your browser (Chrome, Firefox etc.) for a more personalised experience. Add-On / Extension can access your data on all the websites you visit, the tabs and the browsing activity of the browser. Add-on / Extension is stored locally to provide a better user experience for You. Please refer to below sub clause 5(a) - 5(d) for complete information regarding data we collect through browser extension. All the data captured is transmitted securely as mentioned in clause 10 below.
5 (a) INFORMATION COLLECTED:
We may collect the following information:
                        a. Your Personal data such as, Your name Your Phone Number and Your e-mail address. This information enables us to provide you the most relevant information and user-friendly experience.
                        b. Your Tracking Information such as, but not limited to the IP address of Your device, your browser type and date and time of your visit when connected to the Internet. This information helps us to track your movement on our platform
                        c. Your Web browsing activity related to ecommerce, page content from ecommerce pages. We use this data for notifying best prices for your searched products.
5(b) CONFEDENTIALITY:
We shall not sell, share, or rent your Personal data such as, Your name Your Phone Number and Your e-mail address to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail.
We may share other information we track such as Your web browsing history or tracking information with Third Parties.
5(c) STOP INFORMATION COLLECTION:
If you want us to stop collecting Your information, you can un-install the Browser Add-Ons/Extensions. We will stop tracking and collection Your information from the point in time you have successfully un-installed the Browser Add-Ons/Extensions.
5(d) REQUESTING FOR DELETION OF HISTORICAL DATA COLLECTED:
Please drop an e-mail at hi@mysmartprice.com from your registered e-mail id, requesting to delete any stored data collected via Browser Add-Ons/Extensions. All the requested data will be permanently deleted from our servers.
6. EXTERNAL LINKS ON THE WEBSITE / APPLICATION:
The Website/Application includes coded links to third party affiliates and may include advertisements hyperlinks to other websites, applications, content or resources. We have no control over such external links present in the Application, which are provided by persons or companies other than Us.
7. OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION:
The information provided by You at the time of registration (Spend Tracker users) shall be used to contact You when necessary. These necessary conditions include:
1. To comply with a court order
2. To inform about a possible data breach
3. To inform about shut down of the application or its services
Your data will not be shared with any third parties unless: a. To comply with a court order, b. In case company gets acquired/merged, in which case, You will be notified by email/ by putting a prominent notice on the Website, before there is a data transfer to the new entity and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Further, Your personal data and Sensitive Personal Information may be collected and stored by Us for internal record. We store this to produce it to legal authorities, or to comply with a law. All such data is encrypted before storing. All such data is transmitted securely.
Further, Your personal data and Sensitive Personal Information may be collected and stored by Us for internal record. We store this to produce it to legal authorities, or to comply with a law. All such data is encrypted before storing. All such data is transmitted securely.
                        We may release your Personal Information to a third-party in order to comply with a Court Order or other similar legal procedure, or when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law; prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or investigate or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or violations of Our Terms of Use. We may disclose Personal Information to parties in compliance with our Copyright Policy as mentioned in the Terms of Use as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.
                         In case We are acquired by or merged with another company, We shall transfer information disclosed by You and information about You to the company we are acquired by or merged with. In the event of a merger or acquisition, We shall notify You by email/by putting a prominent notice on the Website/ Application before Your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
8. CONFIDENTIALITY:
You further acknowledge that this Website/ Application may contain information which is designated confidential by Us and that you shall not disclose such information without our prior written consent.
Your information is regarded as confidential and therefore shall not be divulged to any third party, unless if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities, or if necessary to ensure Users may fully avail of the services of the Application.
                        We shall not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any communication by Us to You shall be undertaken in accordance with Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
9. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES:
We do not disclose any data collected from Spend Tracker users to third parties unless to comply with a law. For all other users, the following policy applies while sharing data with third parties:
As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any Personal Information about You and/or disclosed by You to Third Parties. The following policy applies while sharing data with third parties:
Corporate Entities:
We share much of our data, including Your Personal Information, with Our parent company/ subsidiaries/ online and offline business affiliates that are committed to serving Your needs through use of Our Application and related services, throughout the world. Such data shall be shared for the sole purpose of enhancing Your experience of using Our Services. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they shall treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other members. It is possible that We and/or its subsidiaries, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the service. You shall receive notice of such event (to the extent it occurs).
Law and Order:
We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights. We can, and You so authorise Us, disclose Your Personal Information to law enforcement and other government officials as We, in Our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose Us/ Us or You to any legal liability.
Any information that you make publically available on the site may be potentially viewed by any party, and by posting such material it is deemed that you consent to share such information with such parties.
                        You may request details of Your Personal Information collected and/ disclosed by Us. Such a request may be made under the Information Technology Act, 2000. If You would require such details, please email us at
hi@mysmartprice.com
.
10. SECURITY:
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorised access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorised access by members inside and outside MySmartPrice Web Technology Pvt. Ltd.. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to Us and information that we have accessed. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. You therefore agree that any security breaches beyond the control of Our standard security procedures are at Your sole risk and discretion.
11. INDEMNITY:
You agree and undertake to indemnify us in any suit or dispute by any Third Party arising out of disclosure of Personal Information by You to Third Parties either through Our Application or otherwise and Your use and access of websites, applications and resources of Third Parties. We assume no liability for any actions of Third Parties with regard to Your Personal Information, which You may have disclosed to such Third Parties.
12. SEVERABILITY:
Each paragraph of this privacy policy shall be and remain separate from and independent of and severable from all and any other paragraphs herein except where otherwise expressly indicated or indicated by the context of the agreement. The decision or declaration that one or more of the paragraphs are null and void shall have no effect on the remaining paragraphs of this privacy policy.
13. AMENDMENT:
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We shall post any privacy policy changes on the homepage of the Website/ Application or notify You by email.
14. DISCLAIMER:
We cannot ensure that all of Your private communications and other personal information shall never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Therefore, although We are committed to protecting Your privacy, We do not promise, and You should not expect, that Your personal information shall always remain private. As a User of the Website/ Application, You understand and agree that You assume all responsibility and risk for Your use of the Application, the internet generally, and the documents You post or access and for Your conduct on and off the Website / Application.
Upcoming Mobiles
Nothing Phone 2
OPPO F23 Pro
OPPO Find X6 Pro
OnePlus Nord CE 3 5G
POCO F5 Pro
Xiaomi Redmi Note 13 Pro Max 5G
Xiaomi Mi 13 Ultra
Motorola Edge 40 Pro 5G
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra
Nokia Magic Max
Recently Added Mobiles
Vivo X Flip 3
Xiaomi Mix Fold 4
Moto G42 5G
Infinix Note 30 5G 256GB
Samsung W24 Flip
OPPO Reno9A
Infinix Note 30 VIP
Samsung W24
Realme 11 Pro Plus 12GB RAM
Vivo X Fold 4
Our Presence
Latest Mobile Benchmarks
Mobiles by Best AnTuTu Scores
Apple iPhone 14 Pro AnTuTu Score
Google Pixel 7 5G AnTuTu Score
Apple iPhone 12 AnTuTu Score
Lava Agni 2 5G AnTuTu Score
Samsung Galaxy F54 5G AnTuTu Score
Quick Links
Contact Us
About MySmartPrice
Purpose & Features
Advertise With Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
FAQ
© 2023 MSP Digital Media Private Limited
Made with
❤
in