Byte Cleaner
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Byte Cleaner
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Byte Cleaner
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
More
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Aug 16th, 2022
Welcome to the Privacy Policy Of Byte Cleaner
When you use Byte Cleaner’s services, it means that you trust the ways how we process your information. This Privacy Policy is to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect them and how the information will be used. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy. So we hope you will take the time to read this policy.
This Privacy Policy includes information on
What information we collect about you
The reasons why we collect your information
Necessary permissions we request
How we share your information with third parties
Information we protect
Cookies and similar technologies
The privacy policy of other third-party partners
Children’s information
Changes to this privacy policy
How to contact us
1. What Information We Collect about You
In this Policy, the term “personal information” includes any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. When you access or use our services, we may generally collect the personal information described below.
Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us
When you access or use our services, you may provide the following information to us:
Customer Support Information: If you are a user of the App, we may collect information that you provide to us when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service or technical services.
Contact Information: When you sign up to create an account with our App, you will be required to provide an email address as part of the registration process. Alternatively, you can use your Facebook Account or other third-party social network accounts to register for the Services.
Social Media Account Information: When you sign up with a Social Media Account, you will be asked to choose which information you would like to share with us, such as your email address, birthday, friends list, or public profile information. When you decide to use a Social Media Account to sign up for our Services, we only require the collection of the email address associated with your Social Media Account; all other information provided by you is voluntary.
Profile Information: When using some of our Services, you may be able to add information to your profile, such as an avatar or profile picture, birthday, nickname or username, or country. You voluntarily provide this information to us.
Your Content: When using some of our Services, you can create, post, upload or share content by providing us with access to your photos, media and files, and your device’s camera and microphone. You voluntarily provide this information to us.
B. Information Automatically Collected Through the Services
We automatically collect information about you when you use the Services, such as:
Device Information: If you access the Services through a mobile device, we may be able to identify the general location of your mobile device (not precise geolocation data), your mobile device’s brand, model, operating system, resolution, screen size, system version, Bluetooth settings, internet connection, random-access memory (“RAM”), the application you have installed, the applications you have running in the background, mobile device's advertising ID, other unique identifiers and other information related to device setting.
Cookies & Similar Tracking Information: We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with our Services. The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, account activation time, content displayed to you and whether you clicked on it, advertisements displayed to you and whether you clicked on them, URLs you have visited, notifications that have appeared on your mobile device, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your mobile country code, and your user ID.
Content Sharing: When you choose to share content with us, we automatically collect information about your Wi-Fi connection, and call information.
Installed application list: We will collect your installed application list for scanning, so as to discover possible security risks in time and better protect the security of your device and your privacy.
You may be able to limit the amount of information collected from your device with us by adjusting your device or browser settings. However, by preventing us from collecting information from you, we may not be able to provide some functions on our Services. For more information about our cookies and similar tracking technologies.
C. Information You Share on Third Party Websites or through Social Media Services
The Services may include links to third-party websites and social media services where you may be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information. Your use of these third-party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third-party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third-party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third-party websites and social media services.
2. The Reasons Why We Collect Your Information?
We use the personal information we gather through the Services for the purposes described below. If we use your personal information in any other ways, we will disclose this to you. You can choose not to share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, or from allowing us to use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained your consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information, some or all of the Services may not be available to you.
To provide the Services to you
We require certain information from you in order to provide you with the Services you requested. Such information may include your contact and device information. We share this information with our service providers or partners to the extent necessary to continue to provide you with the Services. We cannot provide you with Services without such information.
To provide customer service
We process your personal information when you contact us to help you with any questions, concerns, disputes or issues, or to provide us with your feedback. Without your personal information, we cannot respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of the Services.
To enforce terms, agreements or policies
To ensure your safety and adherence to our terms, agreements or policies, we may process your personal information to: actively monitor, investigate, prevent and mitigate any alleged or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services; investigate, prevent, or mitigate violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with third parties and partners; and, collect fees based on your use of our Services. We cannot perform our Services in accordance with our terms, agreements or policies without processing your personal information for such purposes.
To send you Service-related communications
We use your contact information to send you administrative or account-related information to you to keep you updated about our Services, inform you of relevant security issues or updates, or provide other transaction-related information to you. Service-related communications are not promotional in nature. You cannot unsubscribe from such communications because you could miss important developments relating to your account or the Services that may affect how you can use our Services.
For security purposes
We will collect your installed application list for scanning, so as to discover possible security risks in time and better protect the security of your device and your privacy. We process your personal information to: improve and enforce our security measures; combat spam, malware, malicious activities or security risks; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not access your account with us. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we do not process your personal information for security purposes.
To maintain legal and regulatory compliance
We process your personal information to pay our taxes or fulfill our other business obligations, and/or to manage risk as required under applicable law. We cannot perform the Services in accordance with our legal and regulatory requirements without processing your personal information for such purposes.
To personalize your experience on the Services
We allow you to personalize your experience on our Services via social media plugins on our Services (e.g., Facebook, Google, Instagram, Twitter, etc.), by keeping track of your preferences (e.g., nickname or display name, time zone, language preference, etc.), and more. Without such processing, you may not be able to access or personalize part or all of our Services.
To conduct research and development
We process information about the way you use and interact with our Services to: help us improve our Services; build new Services; and build customized features or Services. Such processing ensures your continued enjoyment of part or all of our Services.
3. Necessary Permissions We Request
Depending on the context of your interactions with us, we may ask you to provide certain permissions in order to let our app perform properly. You may choose to opt-out anytime, but please note that not giving us these permissions can result in malfunctioning of our app. The permissions we ask are listed below:
Storage
read the contents of your USB storage
modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
Location
approximate location (network-based)
precise location (GPS and network-based)
Device ID & call information
read phone status and identity
Wi-Fi connection information
view Wi-Fi connections
Photos/Media/Files
read the contents of your USB storage
modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
Phone
read phone status and identity
Other
update component usage statistics
receive data from Internet
full network access
close other apps
measure app storage space
view network connections
prevent device from sleeping
run at startup
4. How We Share Your Information with Third Parties
We may share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
A. Employees, Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers
We disclose your personal information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers (“Service Providers”) who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Services, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services. These Service Providers will only have access to the personal information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.
B. Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Rights and to Comply with Our Policies
To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your personal information if:
Required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order or similar request from judicial authority, law enforcement authorities or other competent public authorities,
We believe, in our sole discretion, that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large,
We believe that you have abused the Services by using it to attack our systems or to gain unauthorized access to our system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws.
C. Business Transfers or Bankruptcy
In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any personal information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We will notify you via email or a prominent notice within our Services of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information
Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred personal information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. However, any personal information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
5. Information We Protect
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Information from unauthorized access and use. We will collect your installed application list for scanning, so as to discover possible security risks in time and better protect the security of your device and your privacy. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information are absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Information which is impenetrable.
6. Cookies and Similar Technologies
To better service, we use cookies and similar technologies. Cookies and similar technologies are used by us to provide our Services to you and in order to collect data from your device. These technologies allow us and our third-party advertising partners to recognise you and your device and enable us to provide you with more customized services. In a similar way, you can also disable cookies from your phone’s settings if you do not want to be tracked. However,
if you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
7. The Privacy Policy of Other Third Partners
These below listed partners who operate under their own privacy policies as data controllers. We may also combine and share data we have collected about you with third-party partners. We may not control those features and are not responsible for them, thus we suggest you check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
Google Admob & Firebase
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook Audience Network & Facebook Analytics
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
AdMob
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Mintegral
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Unity
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
InMobi
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Pangle
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
8. Children's Information
Byte Cleaner does not knowingly collect any personal
identification information from children under the age of 13 (or such legally required age of consent for juveniles as defined under applicable laws) or knowingly allow such person to register on Byte Cleaner. In the event that we are notified that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 (or such legally required age of consent for juveniles as defined under applicable laws) without parental consent, we will suspend the account and delete relevant information as quickly as possible.
9. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
10. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then you can contact us at bytecleaner2022@gmail.com.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse