Mango Yellow Studio
Mango Yellow Studio
Sunday, 12 February 2017
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy: Mango Yellow Studio
Your privacy is important to Mango Yellow Studio. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request; this privacy statement applies to Mango Yellow Studio and its products. What information we use and how we use it:
(1). Read phone status and identity
This permission allows Mango Yellow Studio to recognize an incoming call and to switch between the User System interfaces and call interface.
(2). Read your text messages (SMS or MMS)
We do not save or upload your messages. We use this permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one send you a message.
(3). Take pictures and videos
We use your device’s camera flashlight and require camera permission. Mango Yellow Studio will not take photos and videos by itself and pass it on too any third party.
(4). Approximate location (network-based)
This permission is used to display apps installed by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users’ location in Mango Yellow Studio Radar. This information is untraceable.
(5). Read your contacts
WE do not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when required.
(6). Read calendar events plus confidential information
This information is used to remind you of your latest calendar events. We do not save or upload any of your calendar information.
(7). Find accounts on the devices
Mango Yellow Studio does not recognize or save your account information for any programs. we only detects whether users have a Google account linked with the device which helps us confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application download and update methods.
(8). Read Google service configuration
This information is used to acquire advertising ID. We provide users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID.
(9). Change network connectivity
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to change network connectivity.
(10). Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
(11). Full network access,
This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including receiving launcher update notifications.
(12). View network connections
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to view network connections.
(13). View Wi-Fi connections
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to view Wi-Fi connections.
(14). Access Bluetooth settings
This permission is used in settings, in order to turn on and off the Bluetooth.
(15). Close other apps
This permission is used in Boost in order to turn off the back-end apps and make the phone run faster.
(16). Retrieve running apps
This permission is used in Boost in order to view the running apps.
(17). Draw over other apps
This permission allows us to free swipe tab to be displayed as a floating window on other apps.
(18). Control vibration
This permission allows us to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.
(19). Measure app storage space:
This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage space used by an application.
(20). Modify system settings:
This permission is used in settings, in order to switch or adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
(21). Read Home settings and shortcuts:
This permission is used to acquire the user’s Home settings and shortcuts, in order to maintain user preferences.
(22). Device & app history:
Retrieve running apps and we use this information to boost your Android phone effectively, clean your device's RAM and make your phone speed up in depth. How we protect your information: We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure. • Children's Privacy We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. • Changes to the Privacy Policy Mango Yellow Studio may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
Contact us
If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests, please contact us on our email us at jocelynjonasinc@gmail.com
Posted by
Unknown
at
05:14
123 comments:
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
Simple theme. Powered by
Blogger
.