Key Updates
Subscriber privacy is the most important thing in running the application. Since we started MySmartfren, we’ve built our Services with a set of strong privacy principles in mind. In our updated Terms and Privacy Policy you’ll find:
Information that is easier to understand. Our updated Terms and Privacy Policy are easier to understand and reflect new features.
We’ve built privacy, end-to-end encryption, and other security features into MySmartfren.
We allow third-party banner ads on MySmartfren with a strict filtering process.
Subscriber can do fully control for their account. Control balance, package info, expiry date, point, and can subscribe any package what subscriber want that appropriate with their needs, and we will honor the choices you make.
MySmartfren Terms Of Service
Last modified: March 15, 2021
MySmartfren Application owned by PT Smartfren Telecom Tbk. Application provides all information related subscriber account include transaction buying data package, account settings, and etc. Application addressed to Smartfren users. Please read our Terms of Service so you understand all function with your use of MySmartfren Application. You agree to our Terms of Service (“Terms”) by installing, accessing, or using our apps, services, features, software, or website (together, “Services”).
About our services
Registration. You must register for our Services using accurate data, provide your email to make security for password.
Devices and Software. You must provide certain devices, software, and data connections to use our Services, which we otherwise do not supply. For as long as you use our Services, you consent to downloading and installing updates to our Services, including automatically.
Privacy policy and user data
MySmartfren cares about your privacy. MySmartfren Privacy Policy describes our information, including the types of information we receive and collect from you and how we use and share this information. You agree to our data practices, including the collection, payment, balance deduction, use, processing, and sharing of your information as described in our Privacy Policy, as well as the transfer and processing of your information. Smartfren also collect information from you such as location, signal strength, and other info from device. Collected data will use for basis analysis to maintain our network performance. You acknowledge that the laws, regulations, and standards of the country in which your information is stored.
LOCATION BASED AND NETWORK DIAGNOSTIC INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you use the Application, SDK collects your location and network diagnostic information under users permission. SDK uses that information to provide you with the Services and to improve the Services for your use and that of other users. SDK may use your location and/or network diagnostic information to create aggregated anonymous data and to use such data in accordance with this policy (please refer to the section below on use of aggregated information). SDK will permanently remove or obscure your identity from your location or network diagnostic information that is used for aggregated purposes.
OPTING OUT OF LOCATION AND NETWORK DIAGNOSTIC INFORMATION COLLECTION BY UNINSTALLING THE APPLICATION OR CHANGING SETTINGS
At any time you may change which information and how often information is collected by the Application by using the Application’s internal settings. There is no obligation to share any network diagnostic or location information with us. At any time you may uninstall the Application, by using the Application's uninstall option, or by using the programs removal feature of your operating system. Following the uninstallation process, SDK will not be able to collect any further location or network diagnostic information from you.
WHAT DOES MYSF SDK DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
To operate the Services.
To customize your experience with the Services, as well as the experience of other users.
To improve the Services for your experience, as well as the experience of other users.
To provide you with customer support and handle requests and complaints.
To send you updates, notices, announcements, and additional information related to the Services.
To send you marketing and advertising material through e-mail messages, subject to your prior indication of consent. In any case, SDK will not knowingly share your personal identifiable details with any advertisers, without your explicit consent.
To conduct surveys and questionnaires of the Services.
To comply with any applicable law and assist law enforcement agencies under any applicable law, when SDK has a good faith belief that SDK’s cooperation with the law enforcement agencies is legally mandated or meets the applicable legal standards.
To prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity theft, other illegal activities, misuse of the Services or otherwise to undertake any security related activity to protect you and/or the Services.
To investigate and address issues with functionality of the Application.
For purposes provided under this policy and the Terms of Use.
SHARING INFORMATION WITH OTHERS
When compelled by applicable law or regulatory authority to the extent necessary.
If and to the extent SDK is required, or reasonably believes that it is required by law to share or disclose your information.
In any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind in relation the Services, or to assert or defend our legal rights.
To protect the rights, property or safety of SDK, our employees, agents, customers and others, including in any case where SDK reasonably believes that sharing information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or danger or damage to property.
For the purposes of fraud prevention or to protect the integrity of our Services and Application.
SDK may also share non-personally identifiable information with companies or organizations connected or affiliated with SDK, such as subsidiaries, sister and parent companies. Non-personally identifiable information may also be shared with SDK's other partners and service providers, with the express provision that their use of such information must comply with this policy.
Acceptable use of our services
Our Terms and Policies. You must use our Services according to our Terms and posted policies. If we disable your account for a violation of our Terms, you will not create another account without our permission.
Legal and Acceptable Use. You must access and use our Services only for legal, authorized, and acceptable purposes. You will not use (or assist others in using) our Services in ways that: (a) violate, misappropriate, or infringe the rights of MySmartfren, our users, or others, including privacy, publicity, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights; (b) involve publishing falsehoods, misrepresentations, or misleading statements; (c) involve any non-personal use of our Services unless otherwise authorized by Smartfren.
Harm to Smartfren or Our Subscriber. You must not (or assist others to) access, use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sublicense, transfer, display, perform, or otherwise exploit our Services in impermissible or unauthorized manners, or in ways that burden, impair, or harm us, our Services, systems, our users, or others, including that you must not directly or through automated means: (a) reverse engineer, alter, modify, create derivative works from, decompile, or extract code from our Services; (b) send, store, or transmit viruses or other harmful computer code through or onto our Services; (c) gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to our Services or systems; (d) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of our Services; (e) create accounts for our Services through unauthorized or automated means; (f) collect the information of or about our users in any impermissible or unauthorized manner; (g) sell, resell, rent, or charge for our Services; or (h) distribute or make our Services available over a network where they could be used by multiple devices at the same time.
Keeping Your Account Secure. You are responsible for keeping your device and your MySmartfren account safe and secure, and you must notify us promptly of any unauthorized use or security breach of your account or our Services.
Third-party services
Our Services may allow you to access, use, or interact with third-party websites, apps, content, and other products and services. For example, you may choose to use third-party data backup services (such as Uangku). Please note that when you use third-party services, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services.
Licenses
Your Rights, You must have the necessary rights to such information that you submit for your MySmartfren account or through our Services and the right to grant the rights and licenses in our Terms.
MySmartfren Rights. We own all copyrights, trademarks, domains, logos, trade dress, trade secrets, patents, and other intellectual property rights associated with our Services. You may not use our copyrights, trademarks, domains, logos, trade dress, patents, and other intellectual property rights unless you have our express permission and except in accordance with our Brand Guidelines.