TV Master
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
TV Master
Privacy Policy
General
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share your personal data. At here, we care about your personal data, so we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use and share it.
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) details the personal data receives about you, how we process it and your rights and obligations in relation to your personal data. By using or accessing the Service, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
What kinds of information is collected?
Information Provided by You or Collected with Your permission.
Information Related to Your use of the services.
Location Information.
Interactive Features.
Surveys.
We may invite you to participate in surveys. If you decide to fill out the forms, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
How Do we use information?
We may use the information we collect for a variety of business purposes, including:
To Provide the Services or Information Requested.
Fulfill our contract with you;
To tailor and deliver personalized content to you;
Manage your information;
Respond to questions, comments, and other requests;
Provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services; and Answer requests for customer or technical support.
Administrative Purposes.
Pursue legitimate business interests, such as research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
Carry out analytics;
Measure interest and engagement in the services;
Develop of new products and services;
Improve our products and Services;
Ensure internal quality control and safety;
Verify individual identity;
Carry out audits;
Communicate with you about activities on the Services and changes to our agreements;
Prevent and prosecute potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforce our agreements; and Comply with our legal obligations.
What information do we share with Third Parties？
We may share the information that we have collected from you as described below:
Information Shared with Our Advertising Partners.
We may engage third party advertising partners to collect information and serve advertising on and through the Services. When you use our Services, these third-party advertising partners may collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., mobile device identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit our Services and third-party services within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.”
Information Shared with Our Services Providers.
We may engage third party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. The types of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) analytics; (iv) marketing and advertising; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision IT and related services.
Software Development Kits.
We may use third party software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our App. SDKs typically collect your mobile device identifier and information related to your use of the Services. SDKs may allow third parties including analytics and advertising partners to collect your information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and personalized advertising.
Your Choices
General.
You may have the right to opt out of certain uses of your information.
Email Communications.
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy).
Mobile Devices.
We may send you push notifications through our App. You may opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. We may also collect precise location information if you enable such collection via our App. You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Contact Us
We would update this pravacy policy from time to time. If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us by mail:
AdvancePlayLtd@gmail.com
Date of Last Revision: June 05, 2020
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse