Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to The Tree Team, We are small team provider tool apps on Android OS. With the mission to bring quality software to make your life simpler than ever. This Privacy Policy describes how Our Apps use permissions special we obtain when you use the Our Apps.
#Permission We Use
Depending on the User's specific device, this Application may request certain permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.
By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present document.
The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User's device and software.
Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the proper functioning of this Application.
If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data may be processed (i.e accessed to, modified or removed) by this Application.
Internet for app (
android.permission.INTERNET
)
Current cellular network information (
android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
)
Used for accessing shared external storage, including the reading and adding of any items (
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
)
Purchase (
com.android.vending.BILLING
)
#Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties (
Android advertising ID
), there are:
Internet permission, Storage permission and Purchase permission.
Note: third parties use
Android advertising ID
data to deliver ads to user and we don't store it.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
#Security
We do not send data or store sensitive information to users outside the internet so all information is secure and secure.
#Contact Us:
Email: thetreeteam@outlook.com
Copyright © 2015 -
by The Tree Team