Doc to PDF Converter (xls ppt word png jpg csv txt
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
doc to pdf converter
Doc to PDF Converter (xls ppt word png jpg csv txt
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Compare Your Style unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
App Permission Details
-Internet Permission : To display Ads inside app
-Storage Permission : To select files like xls ppt word png jpg csv txt
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2022-08-29
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
apksamyak@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
Excel to PDF Converter
Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Excel to PDF Converter unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2022-12-18                                                                                                                     Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
Read more
Doc To PDF Converter
Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Doc To PDF Converter unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. This policy is effective as of 2022-12-18                                                                                                                     Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at  a
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Privacy policy
Visit profile
Archive
March 2024
1
December 2022
1
Report Abuse