Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Procescom doo built the VirtualSim app as
                  a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by
                  Procescom doo at no cost and is intended for use as
                  is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our
                  policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
                  Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to
                  the collection and use of information in relation to this
                  policy. The Personal Information that we collect is
                  used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with
                  anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
                  as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
                  VirtualSim unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we
                  may require you to provide us with certain personally
                  identifiable information, including but not limited to contacts. The information that
                  we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect
                    information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used
                    by the app
Google Play Services
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you
                  use our Service, in a case of an error in the app
                  we collect data and information (through third party
                  products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may
                  include information such as your device Internet Protocol
                  (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
                  configuration of the app when utilizing our Service,
                  the time and date of your use of the Service, and other
                  statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
                  commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
                  to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
                  stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However,
                  the app may use third party code and libraries that use
                  “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
                  You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies
                  and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
                  choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
                  portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and
                  individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service
                  that these third parties have access to your Personal
                  Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to
                  them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
                  disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your
                  Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
                  acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
                  of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
                  storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
                  guarantee its absolute security.
                  To be clear about the terminology we are using, when we use the phrase "Personal Information" in this Policy, we mean information about you that is personally identifiable, like your name, address, e-mail address, billing information, or mobile phone number, as well as other non-public information that is associated with this personal information.

We may disclose information about you if we determine that for national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance that disclosure of information is necessary.

As with most other websites or apps, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site, the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.

We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our Site or app. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.

We may use Push Notification Services to notify you about phone calls and messages. If we do, the phone number or the name of the person calling you may be part of the notification. This message is sent to the push notification service provider, for delivery to your device.

In order to provide you with Virtual SIM products you have requested, we might if necessary, share your Personal Information (excluding your address book and related information) and traffic data with trusted partner service providers and/or agents. In some cases, we might use third parties to process the payment and/or billing information that you submit on our Site or through the App to facilitate payment transactions. We require that these third parties take the appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data and traffic data and to comply with relevant laws, but we are not liable or responsible for these third party transactions. Therefore, you should review such third party terms and conditions before providing your payment or billing information.

We may from time to time ask you to provide information about your experiences which will be used to measure and improve quality. You are at no time under any obligation to provide any of such data. Any and all information which is voluntarily submitted in feedback forms on the Site or any survey that you accept to take part in is used for the purposes of reviewing this feedback and improving the App, products and websites.

We may contact you to send you messages about faults and service issues. Furthermore, we reserve the right to use email, the APP or SMS to notify you of any eventual claims related to your use of our App, websites and/or products, including without limitation claims of violation of third party rights.

We may send you alerts via the App to notify you when someone has tried to contact you. We may also use the App to keep you up to date with news about our App products that you have purchased and/or to inform you about other products and related information.
We take reasonable precaution to protect Personal Information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access. Although we cannot guarantee that Personal Information will not be subject to unauthorized access, we have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in place to protect Personal Information. Personal Information is stored on our servers and protected by secured networks to which access is limited to a few authorized employees and personnel. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
                  a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
                  that these external sites are not operated by us.
                  Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the
                  Privacy Policy of these websites. We have
                  no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
                  privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
                  services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
                  We do not knowingly collect personally
                  identifiable information from children under 13. In the case
                  we discover that a child under 13 has provided
                  us with personal information, we immediately
                  delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
                  and you are aware that your child has provided us with
                  personal information, please contact us so that
                  we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
                  time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                  periodically for any changes. We will
                  notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
                  this page.
This policy is effective as of 2020-06-29
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our
                  Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at support@virtualsimapp.com.