themesformiui
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy policy of app Themes
This application contains wallpapers for android smartphones, also this is not an official theme application, in this application themes from the official Themes Store app are selected to present you with the most creative and high-quality themes for you.
the application does not save any personal user data
this application will be notified about adding new themes and wallpapers
If you have any questions please write to us by mail.
Privacy policy of the app
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download. Registration with us is optional.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
The application uses services such as:
Google services
Unity services
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
The application does not store any user data.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Disclaimer
"Themes" does not accept any responsibility for any damage or misuse resulting from the use of our content. Limitation of Liability In no event shall "Themes" be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, or incidental damages arising out of or in connection with the use or misuse of our content. No Warranty All content provided on "Themes" is for informational purposes only. We make no warranties, expressed or implied, regarding the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the information. Third-Party Links "Themes" may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by us. We have no control over the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. Indemnification You agree to indemnify and hold "Themes" harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your use of our content or violation of these terms and conditions. Changes to the Disclaimer "Themes" reserves the right to modify or replace this disclaimer at any time without prior notice. By using "Themes" content, you signify your acceptance of this disclaimer. If you do not agree to this disclaimer, please refrain from using our content.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at appmiui@thegosa.com.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse