Privacy policy – AMICOOLSOFT
Skip to content
AMICOOLSOFT
Menu
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
AMICOOLSOFT (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which we may process any personal data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. Please read the policy carefully. By using our Software (“Apps”) you are agreeing with the terms of this policy. If you do not agree with this policy please do not use our Apps.
What Information Do We Collect And How Is It Used?
Some information about you we collect passively – information that your phone send automatically while you use our Apps. Other information we actively solicit, such as your email address when you write us an email.
ANALYTICS
We use
AppBrain
to collect the usage data, optimize user experience and make the app better. Collected information are anonymized and merged from thousands of users.
ADVERTISING
We use
Appodeal
advertising and
AdMob
advertising in our apps where it may use an anonymous identifier, a random string of characters that is used for the same purposes as a cookie on platforms including certain mobile devices, where cookie technology is not available.
FEEDBACK
We encourage you to provide us with feedback in the form of emails. When you email us we may keep a record of any correspondence between you and us. We maintain the anonymity and privacy of your message.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. You should check this page from time to time and take note of any changes.
CONTACT US
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed. Please contact us by email at
amicoolsoft@gmail.com
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
AMICOOLSOFT
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
AMICOOLSOFT
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this:
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started