wifi routher
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
wifi routher
Privacy Policy
Wi-Fi Routher's Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") helps you understand how we collect, use and share your personal information and assists you in exercising your available privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we process in our business and on our website and applications ("Services").
We automatically collect certain information when you access, use or browse the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (such as your name or contact information), but may include device and usage information such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preference, referring URL, device Name, country, location, information about how and when you use our services and other technical information. This information is primarily used to maintain the security and operation of our services, and for our internal analysis and reporting purposes.
We may automatically collect certain information when you use the Services. This information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, location information, user settings, cookie identifiers, browser type and version, operating system or device. The information we collect may be associated with your account and the device you use to access your account.
In addition, we may automatically collect data about your use of our Services, such as the type of content you interact with, such as the frequency and duration of viewing nearby Wi-Fi hotspots
We use your information to provide you with services and to continuously improve them. This means we use your information, for example:
Develop, operate, improve, enhance, deliver, maintain and support our services.
Provide access to certain areas, functions and features of our services.
Enables you to share content with others.
To analyze your use of our services so that we can find ways to improve your experience.
To prevent malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activities.
Conduct technology development research.
Enforce our terms and policies.
To comply with our legal obligations, to protect your vital interests, or as required by the public interest. For example, to assist in the investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activities.
Use your information for other purposes that you consented to or disclosed to you when you provided the information.
Your information security
We take steps to ensure that your information is handled securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we are not responsible for unintentional disclosures.
Children's Privacy
These services are not intended for anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If I become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided me with personal information, I will delete it from our servers immediately. If you are a parent or guardian and you know that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I can take the necessary action.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse