Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the
Policy) describes how we collects, stores, uses and protects your information
when you use Simple Mode.
Acceptance of this Policy
By accessing, visiting or using Simple Mode, you warrant and represent that
you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy and our Terms of Service.
If you disagree with anything in this Policy, you must not use or access Simple
Mode.
Amendments to this Policy
We may periodically make changes to this Policy as we update or expand Simple
Mode. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by
notifying you via the email we have on file for you, or by means of a notice on
Simple Mode in advance of the effective date of the changes. If you do not
agree to the changes, you should discontinue your use of Simple Mode prior to
the time the modified Policy takes effect. If you continue using Simple Mode
after the modified Policy takes effect, you will be bound by the modified
Policy.
Furthermore, we may provide you with just-in-time disclosures or additional
information about the data collection, use and sharing practices of specific
Services. These notices may provide more information about our privacy
practices or provide you with additional choices about how we process your
personal information.
Information Collected through the Simple Mode
The data we collect depends
on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including
your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. The data we
collect can include SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service
provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application
version, application distribution channel, independent deice identifier, Android
ad master identifier, network card (MAC) address, and international mobile
device identification code (IMEI) the equipment model, the terminal
manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the session start /
stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state
(Wi-Fi and so on), the hard disk, the CPU, and the battery use, etc.
In this Policy, the term personal information includes any information that
identifies or makes an individual identifiable. When you access or use Simple
Mode, we may generally collect the personal information described below.
Personal Information
We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new
features or capabilities. For example, if you access the services through a
mobile device, we may be able to identify the general location of your mobile
device (not precise geolocation data), your internet connection, the
application you have installed, the applications you have running in the
background. When you choose to share content with us, we automatically collect
information about your Wi-Fi connection.
Business needs. We may collect information related to your transactions
performed using Simple Mode. We may use your Transaction Data to improve your
experience with Simple Mode, including to deliver advertisements to your mobile
communications device from third parties or merchants (with whom we have
contracted).
Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information is data we collect about a group
or category of services or users from which individual User identities have
been removed. In other words, information on how you use Simple Mode may be
collected and combined with information about how others use Simple Mode, but
no personally identifiable information will be included in the resulting
Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information helps us understand trends in our
Users' needs so that we can better consider new features.
Non-personal information
Non-personal information refers to information that cannot relate to a specific
individual, such as the device ID, operating system version, application usage
frequency, memory size, etc.
We may collect non-personal information from time to time to better understand
users needs, fix bugs, improve our products and user experience. The
non-information we collect are installs, frequency of use, country, equipment
and so on. And we will tell users what apps may kill our products and suggest
users add products into White/Ignore lists.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, this
information will be treated as personal information.
When you access or use Simple Mode, you may provide the following information
to us:
Customer Support Information: If you are a visitor to the Site, or a user of
the Apps, we may collect information that you provide to us when you
communicate with any of our departments such as customer service or technical
services.
Your Content: When using Simple Mode, you can create, post, upload or share
content by providing us with access to your photos, media and files, and your
devices camera and microphone. You voluntarily provide this information to us.
Information Automatically Collected Through Simple Mode
We automatically collect information about you when you use Simple Mode,
such as:
Device Information: If you access Simple Mode through a mobile device, we may
be able to identify the general location of your mobile device (not precise
geolocation data), your mobile devices brand, model, operating system,
resolution, screen size, system version, Bluetooth settings, internet connection,
random-access memory (RAM), the application you have installed, the
applications you have running in the background, mobile devices advertising ID.
Cookies & Similar Tracking Information: We use cookies and similar tracking
technologies to collect information about your interactions with Simple Mode.
The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, account activation
time, content displayed to you and whether you clicked on it, advertisements
displayed to you and whether you clicked on them, URLs you have visited,
notifications that have appeared on your mobile device, your Internet Protocol
(IP ) address, your mobile country code, and your user ID.
Content Sharing: When you choose to share content with us, we automatically
collect information about your Wi-Fi connection, and call information.
You may be able to limit the amount of information collected from your device
(e.g., computer, phone, or tablet) with us by adjusting your device or browser
settings. However, by preventing us from collecting information from you, we
may not be able to provide some functions on Simple Mode.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the personal information we gather through Simple Mode for the
purposes described below. If we use your personal information in any other
ways, we will disclose this to you. You can choose not to share your
information with third parties for marketing purposes, or from allowing us to
use your personal information for any purpose that is incompatible with the
purposes for which we originally collected it or subsequently obtained your
consent. If you choose to limit the ways we can use your personal information,
some or all of Simple Mode may not be available to you.
To provide the services to you. We require certain information from you in
order to provide you with the services you requested. Such information may
include your contact and device information. We share this information with our
service providers or partners to the extent necessary to continue to provide
you with the Services. We cannot provide you with Simple Mode without such
information.
To provide customer service. We process your personal information when you
contact us to help you with any questions, concerns, disputes or issues, or to
provide us with your feedback. Without your personal information, we cannot
respond to you or ensure your continued use and enjoyment of Simple Mode.
To enforce terms, agreements or policies. To ensure your safety and adherence
to our terms, agreements or policies, we may process your personal information
to: actively monitor, investigate, prevent and mitigate any alleged or actual
prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on Simple Mode; investigate, prevent,
or mitigate violations of our terms and policies; enforce our agreements with
third parties and partners; and, collect fees based on your use of Simple Mode.
We cannot perform Simple Mode in accordance with our terms, agreements or
policies without processing your personal information for such purposes.
To send you service-related communications. We use your contact information to
send you administrative or account-related information to you to keep you
updated about Simple Mode, inform you of relevant security issues or updates,
or provide other transaction-related information to you. Service-related
communications are not promotional in nature. You cannot unsubscribe from such
communications because you could miss important developments relating to your
account or Simple Mode that may affect how you can use it.
For security purposes. We process your personal information to: improve and
enforce our security measures; combat spam, malware, malicious activities or
security risks; and to monitor and verify your identity so that unauthorized
users do not access your account with us. We cannot ensure the security of Simple
Mode if we do not process your personal information for security purposes.
How We Share Your Information with Third Parties
We may share your personal information with third parties in the following
circumstances:
Employees, Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers
We disclose your personal information to our employees, contractors,
affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers (Service Providers )
who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and
supporting Simple Mode, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting
services. These Service Providers will only have access to the personal
information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.
Business Transfers or Bankruptcy
In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a
portion of our assets, any personal information owned or controlled by us may
be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We will notify you via email
or a prominent notice within Simple Mode of any change in ownership or uses of
your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your
personal information
Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and
disclosure of all transferred personal information will be subject to this
Privacy Policy. However, any personal information you submit or that is
collected after this type of transfer may be subject to a new privacy policy
adopted by the successor entity.
Based on your consent, we may share some or all of your contact information
with our marketing partners, parent company, subsidiaries and corporate
affiliates, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us. If
you opt-in to receive marketing communications from third parties, we may
permit these entities to use your information for their own marketing purposes.
Protection of Personal Information
We take appropriate security measures to help safeguard your information
from unauthorized access and disclosure.
We ask your permission before you grant our access to read content in your
notification bar. We need this access to keep our app running, not to collect
any personal information.
Please know that you are responsible for information you submit to other
services (such as when submitting comments regarding our products). So please
take necessary precautions when using other services to safeguard your personal
information.
Legal Basis of Date Processing
We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy,
as described above. Our legal basis to process personal data includes
processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for
example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and
authenticate you so you may use the Sites); necessary to comply with legal
requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to
make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate
interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the
security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and
services); and based on consent by our customers (for example, to place certain
cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising
purposes).
In some instances, you may be required to provide us with Personal Data for
processing as described above, in order for us to be able to provide you all of
our services, and for you to use all the features of our Sites.
International Transfers of Personal Data
If you choose to use the Services or provide your information to us, your
personal information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers
or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are
located. Such countries or jurisdictions may have data protection laws that are
less protective than the laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside. If you
do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained outside
of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use the
Services.
However, please note that we are not required to erase or otherwise eliminate
content or information if:
other state or federal laws require us or a third party to maintain the content
or information;
the content or information was posed, stored, or republished by another user;
the content or information is anonymized so that the minor cannot be
individually identified;
the minor does not follow the instructions posted in this Privacy Policy on how
to request removal of such content or information; and the minor has received
compensation or other consideration for providing the content.
Further, nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the authority of
a law enforcement agency to obtain such content or information.
ADS
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a
user's prior visits to our website.
Ad networks may use cookies in our applications in order to improve the user's
experience by serving relevant ads.
Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads
to your based on your visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based
advertising by visiting Settings.
Third party vendors may use the device's location in order to improve the
quality of ads that are displayed to the user. Again, in cases like this, no
information that can relate to a specific individual (or link an individual to
a specific location) is being transmitted.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to
contact us at
admin-weather@ufomobi.com.