Privacy Policy - Hydro Coach
Privacy Policy
What we collect
Name
Email
User profile information (weight, gender, day of birth, etc.)
What we do with the information we gather
Name
Your name is used as address within Codium App Ideas OG services.
Email
Your email is used to authenticate users, to save and synchronize between multiple devices. Newsletters will be sent to this email if wanted.
User profile
Given data (weight, gender, day of birth, etc.) is used to calculate your personal water intake.
Payment Information
All In-App payments are handled by Google Play, Codium App Ideas OG do not have any information about your payment instruments.
Use and sharing of non-personally identifiable information with third parties
The user explicitly consents to the use of non-personally identifiable information by advertising networks included in the mobile applications for the purpose of displaying banner ads (e.g., AdMobs).
Data privacy declaration for the use of Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses ‘cookies’, text files that are saved on your computer and allow your use of the website to be analyzed. The information about your visit collected by the cookie (including your IP address) is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and saved there. If this website has activated IP anonymisation, Google first abbreviates your IP address within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The full IP address will only be transferred to a Google server in the USA and abbreviated there in exceptional cases. Google will use the information collected on behalf of the website operator to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports about your activities within this site, and to provide further services for the website operator related to use of the website and Internet use. Google will under no circumstances associate the IP address transmitted by your browser within the operations of Google Analytics with other Google data. You can prevent the installation of the cookies by entering the corresponding settings in your browser software. However, please note that in this case you may not be able to use the complete range of functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent the data related to your use of the website (including your IP address) generated by the cookies from being recorded by Google and Google’s processing of this data by downloading and installing the browser plugin from the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Data privacy declaration for the use of Google+ button
This website uses the Google+ button of the “Google+” social network on websites. This social network is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The Google+ button is indicated by the “+1″ symbol.
If you are surfing our websites that contain a Google+ button, your browser establishes a di-rect connection to the Google servers and the button is loaded from there. At the same time, the information is transferred to Google Inc. that our website has been called up, by the con-tents of the “+1″ button being transferred directly from Google to your browser and integrated by it into the website.
For this reason, we have no influence over the scope of data that Google obtains using the button. According to information from Google, no personal data is obtained unless the button is clicked. Data, including the IP address, is only obtained and processed from logged-on members of the Google+ social network. If you are a Google+ member and you do not want Google to obtain data about you via our websites, you must log out of Google+ before visiting our website.
Our company never finds out at any time whether and when you have used the Google+ but-ton. We exclusively receive a summarised, anonymised set of statistics from Google regarding the use of the Google+ button.
Refer to the data protection declaration from Google regarding what data Google specifically obtains for its own purposes as well as information about further processing and use of the data: http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
Data privacy declaration for the use of Facebook
This website uses social plugins (“plugins”) provided by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook, Inc. (1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”)). The plugins are identifiable by a Facebook logo (white letter f on blue background or a thumb up icon) or the notice “Facebook Social Plugin.” For a full list of all social Plugins please see http://developers.facebook.com/plugins.
When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to Facebook servers. Facebook directly transfers the plugin content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website, enabling Facebook to receive information about your having accessed the respective page of our website. Thus we have no influence on the data gathered by the plugin and inform you according to our state of knowledge: The embedded plugins provide Facebook with the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into Facebook, your visit can be assigned to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking “Like,” or entering a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored by it. Even if you are not logged into Facebook, there is possibility that the plugins transmits your IP-address to Facebook.
For the information on the purpose and scope of data collection and procession by Facebook, as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy please visit Facebook’s privacy policy: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your member data already stored by Facebook, please log off Facebook before entering our website. Further you can block Facebook social Plugins by using add-ons for your browser, like the “Facebook Blocker.”
Changes to privacy policy
If Codium App Ideas OG decides to change its privacy policy, it will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 06/19/2014.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Notify for iOS
Leave your mail and we will write you as soon as we have the app ready for iPhone
Email
Submit