Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy

About Us

We are Shouter Inc. (from now on referred to as ‘we’ ‘us’ or ‘our’) and we are a registered company with our headquarters at 139 Yeoksam-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea. We are the company that created, manages, and updates the mobile device application Wide Launcher (from now on referred to as ‘app’ or ‘Service’).

About this policy

This privacy policy has been compiled to serve those who are concerned with how 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used in the app. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our app.

By downloading, accessing and/or using our app, you agree to your information being used in accordance with this privacy policy. If you have any concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this privacy policy you may contact us at apps@shouter.com.


What personal information do we collect from the people that use our app?


1.	We may collect certain information automatically through our Services, such as Google account information(email address, name, profile picture, etc.), device information(device model name, OS/Software version, etc.), service logs(User ID, logging time, home screen settings, etc.), IP address, installed app information, purchase ID and history
2.	When providing feedback on our service you may be asked to provide your email address, phone model, OS version, data log or other details. This information will be used for the purpose of fixing application bugs or errors. We may use this information to contact you with solutions or further questions about your experience.
3.	You may provide profile information such as nickname, or a picture. This information, along with any communications made with the account, is visible to us.
4.	You may choose to connect to a Third Party account. In using the Third Party information, you may provide us with profile information such as name, nickname, or a picture that may be visible to us. We may collect additional information from connected Third Parties in order to provide services such as sharing and downloading themes, backing up data, and posting on Q&A. All of the data collected will be used with the intent described in this privacy policy. We will not post anything on your behalf on these external accounts without your permission.


Communication Service

1.	Our services may include player-to-player communication functionality. Your communications may be used and stored by us: (a) to convey your communications; and (b) to enable you and your recipients to view your communication history. We reserve the right to review the content of your communications, including through the use of automatic filters, to ensure that you are complying with our Guidelines, and we also reserve the right to prevent your use of our communication service or delete content that violates our Guidelines at any time without notice.


When do we collect information?

1.	We collect information from you when you provide us with feedback on our products or services.
2.	We collect information when users first download, log in with Google account, change home screen settings, buy/use in app currency, communicate in the app and use other functions within our app.
3.	Wide Launcher stores app information placed on the home screen on the server to provide the same home screen settings on other devices.


How do we use your information?

We may use the information we collect from you when you use our service in the following ways:

•	To provide personalized service
•	To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
•	To improve functions/errors/bugs in our app.
•	To inform you of our service’s functions/updates/events and other marketing uses.
•	To verify accounts and enforce our app’s terms or policies.


How do we protect user information?

Our servers are monitored on a regular basis for security risks and known vulnerabilities in order to ensure the usage of our app is as safe as possible.

•	We use regular Malware Scanning
•	We use an SSL certificate
•	We only provide services and feedback, we never ask for personal or private information like bank information or credit card numbers.

Do we use 'cookies'?

We do not use cookies for tracking purposes. Note: This does not refer to in app currency cookies, but a type of code used to track and save user data.

Third Party Links

We provide third party links through Tapjoy, offer wall services. This allows customers to gain virtual currency. When entering third party links users should be aware that those sites can collect/use personal identifiable information as described in their Privacy Policies. We claim no responsibility or liability in relation to the content of these Third Parties’ services.

Third-party disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include app hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our Service, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.

We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:

●	Users can visit our app anonymously.

●	Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it in our app or as a minimum on the first significant page after downloading our app.

●	Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can be easily be found on the page specified above.

●	Users should check this policy often to learn of any changes.

●	Users are able to change some of their personal information by editing their profile. For further inquires or change requests to provide PII, they can contact us directly by emailing apps@shouter.com.

●	Users cannot opt out of providing certain PII that is integral to our Service (home screen settings, placed items on the home screens, cookie amounts, etc.), and users who feel uncomfortable providing such information should promptly discontinue using our Service.


Does our app allow third-party behavioral tracking?

Yes, please understand that we allow third-parties (such as Google) to track information about our users in relation to our app.


COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)

We do not specifically market to children under 13.


Information Breach

In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:

●	We will notify all users via in-app notification within 7 business days.

We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.


CAN SPAM Act

We collect your email address in order to:

•	Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.

To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM we agree to the following:

•	NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
•	Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
•	Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
•	Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
•	Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.


If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
apps@shouter.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the email address above.

Effective: 02/04/2021