Terms and Conditions, Rescheduling, Refund and Privacy Policy | Simplilearn
Free Online Courses
Resources
Corporate Training
Become an Instructor
Partners
Reviews
All Courses
Search
Log in
My Courses
Logout
Terms and Conditions
SkillUp Premium Certificate
Terms Of Use
Accessibility Policy
Privacy Policy
List of Data
                                Subprocessors
Refund Policy
Rescheduling Policy
Community Guidelines And Terms
Scholarship General Terms & Conditions
Skillup Daily Quiz
Terms and conditions
Acceptance of this Agreement
By clicking on the 'SIGNUP' option, the participant ("
You
" or
                                "
Your
") agrees to the Terms and Conditions, obligations,
                                representations, warranties, and agreements contained herein (the
                                "
Agreement
"). In the event, You are not willing to accept the
                                Agreement, You shall not be authorized or allowed to proceed further to view or use in
                                any manner any content, information, courseware, products and services
                                ("
Services
") published,available or provided on
www.simplilearn.com
(the
                                "
Website
"), which is owned, maintained and monitored by Simplilearn
                                Solutions Private Limited ("
Us
", "
We
" or
                                "
Our
").
User ID and Password
By entering into this Agreement, You acknowledge and agree that Your user ID and password
                                ("
Participant Account
") is for Your exclusive use only. Use or sharing
                                of Your Participant Account with another user is not permitted and is cause for
                                immediate blocking of Your access to the Website, the Services and the Content, the
                                Courseware, and termination of this Agreement.
You agree that You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your
                                Participant Account and for all activities that occur under it. You agree to immediately
                                notify our Grievance Officer if You become aware of or have reason to believe that there
                                is any unauthorized use of Your Participant Account. You
                                also agree to take all reasonable steps to stop such unauthorized use and to cooperate
                                with Us in any investigation of such unauthorized uses. We shall not under any
                                circumstances be held liable for any claims related to the use or misuse of Your
                                Participant Account due to the activities of any third party outside of our control or
                                due to Your failure to maintain the confidentiality and security of Your Participant
                                Account.
Content and Courseware
As a part of our Services offered through our Website, We shall grant you access to our
                                content, courseware, practice tests, and other information, documents, and data which
                                may be in audio, video, written, graphic, recorded, photographic, or any
                                machine-readable format in relation to the specific certification training course You
                                have registered for ("
Content and Courseware
").
We reserve the right to amend, revise or update the Content and Courseware offered to
                                You. In the event such an amendment, revision or updation occurs, We may require you pay
                                an additional fee to access such amended, revised, or updated Content and Courseware.
Free Access
The selected courses of free access (hereinafter the “Courses”) are brought to you by Simplilearn Solutions Pvt. Ltd. (“Simplilearn”). Your access to the said Courses is limited to the extent of self-learning videos and course resources only. Nothing herein shall at any time be construed to mean unhindered or unconditional access to all the features of the said Courses, as may be available upon purchase of the respective Courses.
                            Your free access to these courses shall be limited to such respective number of days, as may be notified against each Course on the date of your enrollment, and shall be revoked at the instance of expiry of the respective number of days. However, Simplilearn at its sole option reserves the right to revoke or extend your free access to all contents made available to you at any early instance under the free access without any notice or liability.
                            Upon your enrollment to these free courses, no license is deemed to be granted to you for further sale or to utilize the materials for any reuse, reproduction, re-publication for commercial/non-commercial purposes.
                            All materials provided to you under the free access are copyright products of Simplilearn or its partners. Any violation of laws herein, or otherwise, shall make you liable to the maximum extent available under law.
                            All regular features of the Courses, including exam vouchers and certifications, but not limited to them, shall be available upon a full value complete purchase of the respective Courses only. Upon such full value complete purchase of any of these Courses, your balance of the free access days shall be added onto the number of days that may be generally applicable to the respective Courses.
                            The above terms shall be read along with Simplilearn’s
Terms of Use
and in the event of any conflicts, the ones stated here shall prevail, but to the extent of the said free access Courses only.
                            Please also read our
Privacy Policy
carefully.
                            Simplilearn reserves all other rights, ‘ingress’ & ‘egress’ with respect to the free access, and may extend or forfeit the tenure of this offer at any time.
Usage of the Website and Services
We grant you a personal, restricted, non-transferable, non-exclusive, and revocable
                                license to use the Website, the Services, and the Content and Courseware offered through
                                the Website till the time the completion of the certification training course that You
                                have enrolled for or the termination of this Agreement according to the Terms and
                                Conditions set forth herein, whichever is earlier. The Services and the Content and
                                Courseware are provided solely for Your personal and non-commercial use to assist you in
                                completing the certification training course You have registered for
                                ("
Restricted Purpose
").
You are permitted online access to the Website, the Services, and the Content and
                                Courseware and may download, save, or print the Content and Courseware solely for the
                                Restricted Purpose.
You are not permitted to reproduce, transmit, distribute, sub-license, broadcast,
                                disseminate, or prepare derivative works of the Content and Courseware, or any part
                                thereof, in any manner or through any communication channels or means, for any purpose
                                other than the Restricted Purpose, without Our prior written consent.
Intellectual Property Rights
While You are granted a limited and non-exclusive right to use the Website, the
                                Services, and the Content and Courseware for the Restricted Purpose as set forth in this
                                Agreement, You acknowledge and agree that We are the sole and exclusive owner of the
                                Website, the Services and the Content and Courseware and as such are vested with all
                                Intellectual Property Rights and other proprietary rights in the Website, the Services,
                                and the Content and Courseware.
You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement other than permitting You to use the
                                Website, the Services, and the Content and Courseware for the Restricted Purpose does
                                not convey to You in any manner or form any right, title or interest of a proprietary,
                                or any other nature in the Website, the Services, and the Content and Courseware.
Usage of Personal Information of Participants
We reserve the right to feature Your picture in any photos, videos, or other promotional
                                material used by Us. Further, We may use Your personal information to inform You about
                                other certification training courses offered by Us. However, We shall not distribute or
                                share Your personal information with any third party marketing database or disclose Your
                                personal information to any third party except on a case-to-case basis after proper
                                verification of such third party or if required under any applicable law.
Limitation of Liability
You expressly agree that use of the Website, the Services, and the Content and Courseware
                                are at Your sole risk. We do not warrant that the Website or the Services or access to
                                the Content and Courseware will be uninterrupted or error free; nor is there any
                                warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Website, the
                                Services or the Content and Courseware or as to the accuracy or reliability of any
                                information provided through the Website, the Services, or the Content and Courseware.
                                In no event will We or any person or entity involved in creating, producing, or
                                distributing the Website, the Services, or the Content and Courseware be liable for any
                                direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of the use
                                of or inability to use the Website, the Services, or the Content and Courseware.
The disclaimer of liability contained in this clause applies to any and all damages or
                                injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion,
                                defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure,
                                theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of records or any
                                other material, whether for breach of contract, negligence, or under any other cause of
                                action.
You hereby specifically acknowledge that We are not liable for any defamatory, offensive,
                                wrongful, or illegal conduct of third parties, or other users of the Website, the
                                Services or the Content and Courseware and that the risk of damage or injury from the
                                foregoing rests entirely with each user.
You agree that Our liability or the liability of Our affiliates, directors, officers,
                                employees, agents, and licensors, if any, arising out of any kind of legal claim
                                (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) in any way connected with the Services or the
                                Content and Courseware shall not exceed the fee you paid to Us for the particular
                                certification training course.
Term and Termination
This Agreement will become effective upon Your acceptance of the terms of this Agreement
                                by Your clicking on the "I ACCEPT" button and, subject to the terms and conditions of
                                this Agreement, will remain in effect till You maintain a current, fully paid up online
                                Participant Account, or until terminated by Us, whichever is earlier.
We reserve the right to terminate this Agreement and block Your access to the Content and
                                Courseware with immediate effect by sending a written notice through email to You to
                                this effect ("
Immediate Termination Date
"), if such termination is made
                                as a result of Your misrepresentation, default, misconduct, or breach of Your
                                obligations related to or under this Agreement ("
Event of Default
"). On
                                the occurrence of any Event of Default, We shall be authorized to exercise all the
                                rights and remedies under this Agreement or applicable Law or available in equity to
                                seek indemnification for any Loss or Claim resulting from any such Event of Default.
The provisions of clause 4.3, clause 7.2, clause 8 and clause 11 of this Agreement shall
                                survive the termination of this Agreement.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Us, Our contractors, licensors, directors, officers,
                                employees, and agents, harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages,
                                liabilities, and expenses including attorneys' fees, arising out of Your unauthorized
                                use of the Website, the Services, and the Content and Courseware or any violation or
                                breach of this Agreement or any provisions hereof.
Waiver
Neither failure nor delay on the part of any party to exercise any right, remedy, power,
                                or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, or of the exercise of any
                                other right, remedy, power, or privilege. No term of this Agreement shall be deemed
                                waived, and no breach consented to, unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing
                                and signed by the party claimed to have waived or consented. No waiver of any rights or
                                consent to any breaches shall constitute a waiver of any other rights or consent to any
                                other breach.
Severability
In the event any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable under the
                                applicable laws of India, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and
                                effect, and the Agreement shall be deemed to be reformed by replacing such invalidated
                                or unenforceable provision with a valid and enforceable provision that gives effect as
                                closely as possible to the intentions of the parties as expressed by the invalidated or
                                unenforceable provision.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
For Participants who are a resident of the U.S.A., this Agreement shall be governed by
                                and construed in accordance with the Laws of New York and the courts in New York shall
                                have the exclusive jurisdiction over any matter relating to, in connection with, or
                                arising out of, this Agreement.
For Participants who are not a resident of the U.S.A., this Agreement shall be governed
                                by and construed in accordance with the Laws of India and the courts in Bangalore, India
                                shall have the exclusive jurisdiction over any matter relating to, in connection with,
                                or arising out of, this Agreement.
Amendment and Assignment
We reserve the right to unilaterally amend or modify this Agreement without giving any
                                prior notification to You. We shall however publish the revised agreement on the Website
                                so that You are aware of the revisions, modifications and amendments made by Us to this
                                Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that it is Your responsibility to check the Website
                                periodically for any revisions, modifications, and amendments. Your continued use of or
                                access to the Website, the Services, and the Content and Courseware following the
                                posting of any changes to this Agreement shall constitute acceptance of those changes.
You are not permitted to assign this Agreement or the rights and obligations mentioned in
                                this Agreement to any third party and You only shall be held liable for any breach of
                                this Agreement or any terms and conditions hereof.
Entire Agreement
This Agreement, along with the Privacy Policy, Refund Policy, Rescheduling Policy, Terms
                                of Use, and any additional guidelines, rules, and/or disclaimers posted on the Website
                                constitutes the entire agreement governing Your use of our Website and supersedes any
                                prior agreements, if any, relating to any matter dealt within this Agreement.
Grievance Redressal
In case you have any concerns or queries, please reach out to our Grievance Officer. Our
                                Grievance Officer shall undertake all reasonable efforts to address your grievances in
                                the shortest possible time. You may contact us at:
Grievance Officer:
Abhishek Mukherjee
Phone:
080-62718200 (Timings:10 AM to 7:30 PM, IST - Monday to Friday, except
                                    holidays)
Email:
grievance.redressal@simplilearn.net
Job Guarantee Program Terms and Conditions
In case You have subscribed to Simplilearn’s Job Guarantee Program(s), please read the below mentioned 
                        applicable Job Guarantee Program(s) Terms and Conditions carefully prior to Your enrollment.
1. Full Stack Java Developer Job Guarantee Program
2. Data Science Career Bootcamp
3. Automation Testing Job Guarantee Program
Terms of use
Please read the following carefully
These terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") control your use of this website
                                Simplilearn.com ("Website"). In these Terms and Conditions, "Simplilearn" is referred to
                                as the "Company", "us," or "we."
'You' refers to a user or a paying customer. If you are a company or another person who
                                gives access to company products, you agree to take responsibility in full in case of
                                damages or indemnification that could properly lie against the customer.
The Simplilearn website (the 'Site'), the educational services made available through the
                                site and the content (the 'Products') are owned, operated and maintained, as applicable,
                                by Simplilearn ('we', 'our', 'us', or the 'Company'). The Site, Products and Content
                                are, collectively, the 'Company Products'.
By (a) using or accessing the Company Products, including, but not limited to downloading
                                or accessing, (b) offering a Course through the Site or through Software; you agree to
                                the terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use (the "Terms")
By using this website or its Products and Services, You Agree and Warrant that you have
                                read, understood, and agreed to be Bound by these terms. Company's privacy policy can be
                                found at Privacy Policy. If you do not accept these terms, you must not use - and are
                                not authorized to use - all or any portion of the company's website and its products or
                                services (as defined below).
Please read them carefully before you use the services of this site.
You should not use this site in an unlawful manner;
                                    you must respect the website terms and conditions and follow the Privacy Policy.
Under no situations or circumstances, will the
                                    company be liable for any change in the content which it provides on the website
                                    through its products and services, including but not limited to any errors,
                                    omissions, loss, or damage experienced in connection with the use of exposure, any
                                    content made available via our products, services, or various resources such as
                                    email, blog etc.
Our services are free to any user with access to
                                    the Internet. However, we are not responsible for the charges incurred for the usage
                                    of hardware, software, or internet services provider fee. Also, the user is fully
                                    responsible for the proper functioning of computer hardware and internet access.
You will be required to use login credentials for
                                    some of the sections on the site and the company reserves the right to block access
                                    to our services for any user who does not follow these conditions
We make sure that users get uninterrupted access to
                                    our service, but there is no obligation to do so.
Simplilearn is not responsible and is not obligated
                                    for issues in your network or server beyond certain limits.
Website usage guidelines
Do not insult, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten, or
                                    otherwise infringe the rights of others;
Do not publish, post, distribute or disseminate any
                                    defamatory, infringing, indecent, offensive or unlawful material or information.
Do not upload, install, transfer files which are
                                    protected by Intellectual Property Laws or software which affect other computers.
It's prohibited to edit HTML source code, reverse
                                    engineer or attempt to hack.
Do not run Spam services/scripts or anything which
                                    could affect the infrastructure, and in turn, the users.
Do not communicate spam, advertise, or sell
                                    services such as digital downloads, eBooks, or phishing links.
You may not copy, distribute, and indulge in
                                    plagiarism with website content or user submitted content.
Do not use any content which violates any legal, regulatory, Governmental or network
                                    operator conditions or codes of practice.
Links and Hyperlinks Terms
This website may have links to other websites. We do not undertake any control on the
                                content of these websites; nor are we responsible for their website content. The sole
                                purpose of the links included are to provide users information. Hence, Simplilearn will
                                not be held responsible.
You may not mirror or frame the homepage or any
                                    other pages of this Site on any other website or webpage.
Do not link to Simplilearn pages and subpages with
                                    spam links/anchor text, which could provide a false impression. This may create
                                    misunderstanding for the users.
Do not use or include copyrighted or registered
                                    trademarks, or Intellectual property images, design or content as a link to
                                    Simplilearn website.
Do not link to pages which support racism,
                                    terrorism.
Do not link to pages which provide pornographic
                                    content and violate human and animal rights.
Do not link pages to content which infringes the
                                    intellectual property of any third party, person or entity.
Do not link pages to content which violates any
                                    legal, regulatory, Governmental or network operator conditions or codes of practice.
Copyright and Intellectual Property
We value and respect others intellectual property and expect our users to do the same.
The entire contents of the Site are protected by copyright and trademark laws. The owner
                                of the copyrights and trademarks are simplilearn.com, its affiliates, or other third
                                party licensors. The material on the site, including text, graphics, code and/or
                                software is copyrighted and belongs to Simplilearn, therefore you may not duplicate,
                                modify, publish, or reproduce the content in any manner.
Simplilearn does not take any responsibility for the content on other sites (except our
                                partners and affiliates), that you may find when searching or accessing Simplilearn
                                products or services. The Privacy Policy and Terms of Use of the sites that you visit
                                will administer that material.
Simplilearn has all the rights to disable or prohibit access to the users who do not
                                respect and involve in the infringement of Simplilearn intellectual property.
You are not allowed to use any of the digital images or logos from the website. In case
                                of copyright issues, there has to be a written consent from the trademark owner.
Claims of Intellectual Property Violations
If you believe that your work has been used without your permission in a way which
                                prompts for copyright infringement. Please provide us with the information given below
                                and we will act on it.
The authorized person who will act on behalf of the
                                    owner of the copyright, should send a digital or physical signature.
A description of the copyrighted work that you
                                    claim to be infringing your IP.
A description of where and how the material that
                                    you claim is infringing is located on the Simplilearn website, with enough detail
                                    that we may find it on the website.
Contact Details - Address, telephone number, and
                                    email address.
A statement by you, that the information which you
                                    provided is accurate and your claim of the copyright or intellectual property is on
                                    your owner's behalf
You can reach Simplilearn to notify your claims of
                                    copyright by writing to
Help and Support Team
.
Transaction Terms
If you believe that your work has been used without your permission in a way which
                                prompts for copyright infringement. Please provide us with the information given below
                                and we will act on it.
To make a transaction on Simplilearn website, you
                                    are bound to pay for that transaction.
Please pay close attention to your payment details
                                    such as total bill, taxes, shipping costs, and discounts.
There are certain products which require additional
                                    Terms and Conditions which you have to agree to before you make the purchase.
Invoice of the order placed can be viewed at
http://lms.simplilearn.com/user/invoice
If a delegate has completed the course and is
                                    eligible for a certificate, then same shall be delivered to the address provided by
                                    the delegate within 30 working days.
WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY PRODUCTS OR
                                SERVICES SOLD ON OR THROUGH SIMPLILEARN.
No additional or different terms contained in any purchase order, document, transmission
                                or other communication shall be binding upon Simplilearn unless agreed to by Simplilearn
                                in writing.
Simplilearn reserves the right to modify, change without prior notice and in its sole
                                discretion, to limit the order quantity on any item and to refuse service to anyone.
Subscription Services
You will be allowed to subscribe to a particular course or collection of courses
                                ("Subscription Services") and will be charged automatically, depending on payment
                                frequency chosen by you, such as monthly/quarterly/yearly, as may be applicable.
You will be permitted to freeze or schedule the freeze of the Subscription Services at
                                anytime and Simplilearn shall not charge you for any such opted Subscription Services
                                according to the payment cycle. Further, the Subscription Services, access will be
                                revoked if the user opts to freeze the subscription. You will have the option to
                                re-subscribe to the particular Subscription Services again and the payment cycle will
                                start accordingly.
Please note that Subscription Services discounts and any Subscription Services are only a
                                limited time special subscription promotions in effect apply only to eligible items
                                displaying the offer message on the Subscription Services item information pages, and
                                then only if you select the Subscription Services. Subscription Services are will last
                                only till a particular period of time, as may be specified on the relevant page. Special
                                limited time subscription promotions only apply during their effective dates.
Simplilearn retains the rights to modify the Subscription Service from time to time,
                                including by adding or deleting features and functions, in an effort to improve your
                                experience. But we will not make changes to the Subscription Service that materially
                                reduces the functionality of the Subscription Service provided to you during the
                                Subscription Term. We might provide some or all elements of the Subscription Service
                                through third party service providers.
If you register for a free trial of the Subscription Service, we will make the
                                Subscription Service available to you on a trial basis, free of charge until the earlier
                                of (a) the end of the free trial period or (b) the start date of your subscription. If
                                we include additional terms and conditions on the trial registration web page, those
                                will apply as well. During the free trial period, (i) the Subscription Service is
                                provided “as is” and without warranty of any kind, (ii) we may suspend, limit, or
                                terminate the Subscription Service for any reason at any time without notice, and (iii)
                                we will not be liable to you for damages of any kind related to your use of the
                                Subscription Service. Unless you subscribe to the Subscription Service before the end of
                                the free trial, all of your data on the Subscription Service will be permanently deleted
                                at the end of the trial, and we will not recover it. Simplilearn shall not refund or in
                                any ways discount, set off any amount once the trial period has ended. In case where You
                                wish discontinue to paid Services, please login to your account. Go to Profile>Manage
                                Subscription, click on Subscription and Freeze the subscription to stop any further
                                payments being made.
Valid credit cards are the only payment method accepted for Subscription Services
                                purchases. The customer shall at all time use a credit card for the use of Subscription
                                Services and upon the completion of the free trial period, you will be charged
                                automatically without the requirement of any further approval or consent, such a period
                                of the trial period shall be mentioned on the at the time of registration to the
                                Subscription Services, Simplilearn absolves any liability with regard to information of
                                period of the free trial period.It is clarified that, once the Subscription Services are
                                accepted the participants authorize Simplilearn and any of its affiliates to debit the
                                accounts at regular intervals as may be notified to the participants
Further, you will have the option of cancelling the Subscription Services during the free
                                trial period, without incurring any charges for the same. To initiate the free trial,
                                Simplilearn shall charge you a token amount to ensure the validity of Credit Card. The
                                token amount will be refunded automatically within 5 days. Further You may cancel your
                                account with Simplilearn by reaching out to
Help and Support Team
Your Subscription Services will remain in effect until it is cancelled. If you cancel
                                your Subscription Services and then reactivate it, the discount applied to any
                                Subscription Services item may not be the same discount in effect at the time of
                                cancellation. If you reactivate a Subscription Services, it will be created with the
                                same products with which you previously subscribed. If the Subscription Services
                                discount percentage for such Subscription Services item changes, the new discount will
                                be applied to your products of that item.
All fees are exclusive of taxes, which we will charge as applicable. You agree to pay any
                                taxes applicable to your use of the Subscription Service. All fees are exclusive of any
                                VAT, Service tax, GST or any other applicable law and tax deductions. If you are
                                required to deduct or withhold any tax, you must pay the amount deducted or withheld as
                                required by law and pay us an additional amount so that we receive payment in full as if
                                there were no deduction or withholding.
LIMIT OF LIABILITY
You expressly understand and agree that the Company shall not be liable for any direct,
                                indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, damages
                                for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if the Company
                                has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the
                                inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and
                                services resulting from any goods, or services purchases or obtained or messages
                                received or transactions entered into through or from the Website or otherwise; (iii)
                                unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data or confidential
                                information; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the Products; (v) or (v)
                                any other matter relating to the Products.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold the Company and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers,
                                directors, agents, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand (including legal
                                expenses and the expenses of other professionals) made by a third party due to or
                                arising out of your breach of this Terms of Use or the documents it incorporates by
                                reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
Pricing Disclaimer
All prices, products, and offers of Simplilearn website are subject to change without
                                notice.
While we make sure to provide most accurate and up-to-date information, in some cases one
                                or more items on our website may be priced incorrectly. This might happen due to human
                                errors, digital images, technical errors, or a mismatch in pricing information received
                                from our suppliers.
Simplilearn reserves the right to change prices for all our products, offers, or deals.
                                These changes are done due to market conditions, course termination, providers, price
                                changes, errors in advertisements, and other mitigating circumstances. However, the
                                price you paid at the time of purchase still holds for you.
Proprietary Use of Simplilearn Study Material
Simplilearn reserves the right to change prices for all our products, offers, or deals.
                                These changes are done due to market conditions, course termination, providers, price
                                changes, errors in advertisements and other extenuating circumstances. However, the
                                price you paid at the time of purchase still holds for you.
Privacy policy
Purpose
Simplilearn
(“Simplilearn,” “we,” or “us”) is committed to protecting your
                                privacy, we take data protection and privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy
                                (“
Policy
”) describes how Simplilearn collects, uses, shares and secures the
                                personal information you provide when you visit the Websites and Mobile Apps owned and
                                operated by Simplilearn (listed below), and when you use our Service(s). It also
                                describes your choices regarding use, access, withdrawal of consent (as per the
                                terms hereof) and correction of your personal information. The use of information
                                collected through our Service(s) shall be limited to the purpose of providing the
                                service for which you have engaged Simplilearn. The capitalized terms used in this
                                Policy but not defined herein shall have the same meaning as defined in our Terms of
                                Service at (“
Terms
”).
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, sensitive personal data or information of a
                                person is as defined under applicable privacy laws. Please note that usage of the
                                terms personal information/ personally identifiable information/ personal data, in this
                                Privacy Policy includes sensitive personal data or information, wherever appropriate
                                and/or mandated under applicable privacy laws.
Simplilearn Website and Mobile Apps
Website:
Simplilearn.com
Marketmotive.com
Mobile Apps
iOS :
https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/simplilearn/id963042747?mt=8
Andorid :
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobile.simplilearn
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, as it governs how you use Simplilearn or its
                                affiliate products. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use
                                Simplilearn.
Notice to End Users
In some cases an administrator may create an account in Simplilearn on the behalf of a
                                “
End-User
” and may provide his/her information, including Personal Information.
                                In such cases the administrator who may be your Employer or a Simplilearn Authorised
                                Training partner (
ATP
) is our “
Customer
.” We collect Information under the
                                direction of our customers and have no direct relationship with the
End-User
whose personal data we process.
A End-user’s use of the simplilearn platform may be subject to the Customer’s policies,
                                if any.
Our
Customer
must have the authority to act on behalf of the
End-User
and
                                to consent to the collection and use of their Personal Information as described in this
                                Privacy Policy.
If you are an End-user using our platform, please direct your privacy inquiries to your
                                administrator. Simplilearn is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of
                                our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Simplilearn does not send personalized advertisement or Marketing communication to end
                                users.
International Transfer
Personal data collected by Simplilearn may be stored and processed in your region, and in
                                any other country where Simplilearn or its affiliates, data sub-processors operate
                                facilities. To facilitate Simplilearn global operations, we may transfer and access such
                                information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Company
                                has operations. A list of the Simplilearn’s global offices is available
here
. This
                                Privacy Statement shall apply even if Simplilearn transfers Data to other countries.
Currently, Simplilearn and its data sub processors have data centers in United States,
                                India and Japan.
The data we hold may also be processed by employees operating in countries listed above,
                                such staff may be engaged in, among other things, product development and customer and
                                technical support. The data protection and other laws of these countries might not be as
                                comprehensive as those in your country. By submitting your data and/or using Our
                                Services, You consent to the transfer, storing, and processing of Your data in these
                                countries.
Note to our customers in Europe:
We transfer personal data from the European
                                Economic Area and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined
                                by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do, we
                                use contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections travel with your data. By
                                submitting your data and/or using Our Services, You consent to the transfer, storing,
                                and processing of your data in these countries.
Use of your Personal Information and Other Data
Simplilearn uses this Privacy Policy to govern the use of personal information you
                                provide to us. We use your personal information solely to provide our services to you.
                                We also use your Personal Identifiable Information (PII) together with other
Personally
                                    Non-Identifiable Information (non - PII)
to help us better understand our users
                                and to improve the content and functionality of our site.
Personal Identifiable Information
We may collect the following
personal information
from you in the following
                                situations
When you visit our website or mobile apps and
                                    voluntarily provide the following information via one of our contact forms, via a
                                    chat or phone session, or as part of a purchase of one of our courses or register on
                                    our site:
Contact Information,such as
name, email
                                                address, mailing address, phone number, IP
Information about your business, such as
company name, company size, business type
Your Simplilearn account details which may
                                            include billing information, credit/debit card details, if provided and the
                                            account password.
Note : All payment transactions are processed through secure payment gateway
                                    providers. We do not store any card information (other than the last 4 digits of
                                    your card) in our servers.
When you use our Learning Management System
                                    (*.lms.simplilearn.com), mobile applications, our support system or respond to our
                                    surveys:
Contact Information
, such as
name, email address, mailing address, IP address, geographic
                                                location
, or
phone number
;
Unique Identifiers, such as
username
,or
password
;
Name
and
e-mail
address when
                                            you provide feedback from the Service(s)
When you use our community website or blogs
Please refer to our section on
Public Forums
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification
                                information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can
                                always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may
                                prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-Personal Identifiable Data:
We capture some Non Identifiable data in our logs. The data in the logs includes
Device type
browser type
language preference,
time zone,
screen size
referring / exit pages
Use
We may use the personal information collected from within the Websites, chatbox, mobile,
                                email or when you use the Service(s) to:
Provide you with the Service(s).
Send you
communication
from the Service(s)
Assess the needs of your business to determine or
                                    suggest suitable products.
Send you requested product or service information.
Respond to customer service requests.
Administer your account.
Send you promotional and marketing communications.
Facilitate your transactions with other users when
                                    you use our Service(s).
Perform statistical analyses of user behaviour and
                                    characteristics at an aggregate level in order to measure interest in and use of the
                                    various areas of the site.
We use your personal information to communicate
                                    with you in relation to the Simplilearn services including information regarding
                                    content, courseware, products, inquiries, and services via different channels (e.g.,
                                    by phone, email, chat) and by agreeing to this Privacy Policy you give us explicit
                                    permission to do so. Irrespective of the fact if also you have registered yourself
                                    under DND or DNC or NCPR service, you still authorize us to give you a call for the
                                    above mentioned purposes.
When you provide us with personal information about your contacts we will only use this
                                information for the specific reason for which it is provided.
Share
If your subscription was provided by your employer or a Simplilearn Authorised training
                                partner, we will share information, including personal information with them.
We may transfer personal information to our Group Companies and sub-contractors that help
                                us provide our Service(s). Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the
                                service agreements with our data-processors. We reserve the right to disclose your
                                personal data as required by applicable law, in response to lawful requests by public
                                authorities, including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements and
                                when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with
                                a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process served on us.
In the event Simplilearn goes through a business transition, such as a merger or
                                acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your user
                                account and personal data will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be
                                notified via email and via a prominent notice on our Websites of any such change in
                                ownership or control. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third
                                party with your prior consent.
Data from Third Parties
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties
                                according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions
                                imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time, but have
                                included:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic
                                    data to supplement the data we collect.
Social networks when you grant permission to make
                                    your data public on these networks including, permission to access your data on one 
                                    or more of these networks.
Enterprise customer where you are an employee
                                     availing our services
Existing or past learners who participate in our
                                    referral program
Service providers that help us determine a location
                                    based on your IP address in order to customize certain products to your location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or
                                    engage in joint marketing activities, and
Publicly-available sources such as open government
                                    databases or other data in the public domain.
We may receive Personal Information about you from other sources like postal mail,
                                telephone or fax. We may add this information to the information we have already
                                collected from you via the Site in order to improve the products and services we
                                provide.
Rights to access, correction and deletion of Personal Information
You have certain rights in relation to your Personal Information. You can request access
                                your Personal Information and confirm that it remains correct and up-to-date and also
                                request that we delete your Personal Information. Please also note that certain Personal
                                Information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, which may
                                include if we need to retain your Personal Information to comply with any legal and
                                regulatory purposes or obligation under applicable laws.
Right to access:
We acknowledge that you have the right to access your Personal 
                                Information at any time. Upon such request to access, we will provide you with reasonable 
                                access to your Personal Information we collect about you.
However, there may be limits to the amount of information we can practically provide 
                                any form of access. For example, we may limit an individual’s access to Personal 
                                Information where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate 
                                to the risks to the individual’s privacy or where doing so would violate others’ rights 
                                under the applicable laws.
Right to correction:
We acknowledge that you have the right to either edit,correct/amend 
                                or update any inaccurate or incomplete Personal Information along with the supporting documentation. 
                                We provide access to either edit, correct/amend or update your Personal Information at any time by 
                                logging into your account. Even after your edit, correct/amend or update to your Personal Information, 
                                we may maintain and store older versions of such personal information within our databases, access logs 
                                and other records in order to comply with other routine data audits and for legitimate 
                                business or any other legal or regulatory purposes or obligations under the applicable laws.
Right to deletion:
We acknowledge that you have the right to delete your Personal 
                                Information,unless we have to retain that Personal iInformation for legitimate business 
                                or legal purposes or obligations.We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects 
                                Personal Information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you
                                delete your personal information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual 
                                copies of information from our active servers or backup systems, which may or may not 
                                contain your Personal Information.
Even after your account is either deleted/ terminated, we retain your Personal Information 
                                or any data in relation thereof, for any your Personal Information or any data in relation 
                                thereof, for as long as we have any legitimate purposes in accordance with the applicable 
                                laws.including to assist with legal and regulatory purposes and obligations, resolve 
                                disputes, and enforce our agreements. We may retain and disclose such Personal iInformation 
                                or any data in relation thereof, pursuant to this Privacy Policy and in accordance with the 
                                applicable laws.
Where the processing of your Personal Information is based on your consent, you have the 
                                right to withdraw your consent granted for processing of your Personal Information by 
                                issuing a written request to the
Grievance officer
.
You will have the opportunity to edit correct, amend, update or delete your Personal 
                                Information or withdraw your consent as follows:
If you have independently signed up with Simplilearn.
                                    You may access, update or export your Personal Information included in your online 
                                    Simplilearn account at any time by logging into your account and going to your profile 
                                    or by
reaching out to us
.
If you are using an enterprise-provided account 
                                    (Simplilearn Authorised Training Partner or your Employer) Please review the section
Notice to End Users
.
Data Subject's Rights To Complain
Users in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and United Kingdom (“UK”)
If you are located in the EEA or UK, you have the right to request access to your data in a
                                portable format and to request the rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, 
                                or objection to processing of your personal data. You may use the
Contacting Simplilearn
to submit your request. Additionally, if you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland,
                                you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent Supervisory Authority in 
                                your jurisdiction, if you have concerns about Simplilearn’s collection and use of your 
                                personal information that Simplilearn cannot solve to your satisfaction.
Personal data is also processed outside of the UK, Switzerland, and the EEA by Simplilearn, 
                                or our service providers, including to process transactions, 
                                facilitate payments, and provide support services as described in the privacy policy “Use”
                                and “Share” section. We use Standard Contractual Clauses adopted 
                                by the European Commission to facilitate transfers of personal data from the EEA to third 
                                countries and have entered into data processing agreements with our
                                service providers or third parties to restrict and regulate their processing of your data. 
                                By submitting your data or using our Services, you consent to this transfer,
                                storage, and processing by Simplilearn and its sub-processors.
Users in Singapore
If you are a Singapore resident and you have a complaint, you may refer it to the office 
                                of the PDPC, as PDPC serves as Singapore’s main authority in matters relating to personal 
                                data protection and represents the Singapore Government internationally on data protection related issues.
                                You may complain through
PDPC | Report a Personal Data Protection Concern
for breaches related to collection,
                                use, disclosure and protection of personal data.
Users in California
If you believe a business has violated the CCPA, you may file a consumer complaint with 
                                the Office of the Attorney General. If you choose to file a complaint with the Office of 
                                the Attorney General, explain exactly how the business violated the CCPA, and describe 
                                when and how the violation occurred. Only the Attorney General can file an action against 
                                businesses and using consumer complaints and other information, the Attorney General may 
                                identify patterns of misconduct that may lead to investigations and actions on behalf of 
                                the collective legal interests of the people of California. Please note that the Attorney 
                                General does not represent individual California consumers hence cannot represent you or give 
                                you legal advice on how to resolve your individual complaint.
Users Other than US / EU & UK
In order to provide the Services to you, we must transfer your data to the United States and 
                                process it there. If you are using the Services from outside the United States, you consent 
                                to the transfer, storage, and processing of your data in and to the United States or other 
                                countries.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Simplilearn and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics
                                partners, (listed
here
) use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web
                                beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you
                                across different Services and devices.
The types of cookies used by Simplilearn includes
Essential Cookies:
These cookies are
                                    essential for the basic functionalities offered by the Site and Service(s). These
                                    class of cookies helps in keeping a user logged in to the Service(s) and remember
                                    relevant information when they return to the Service(s).
Insight Cookies:
These are used for tracking
                                    the user activities within the Service(s), which in turn helps us in improving your
                                    user experience.
Marketing Cookies:
These are used for
                                    providing you with customized and interest-based ads based on your browsing behavior
                                    and other similar activities on our Websites.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you
                                can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since
                                each browser is different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to
                                modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some of the features that make your site experience more
                                efficient may not function properly.
Advertisement
We partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party
                                partners may use technologies such as
cookies
to gather information about your activities on our Website and
                                other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and
                                interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you
                                interest-based ads, you may opt-out by
clicking here
(or if located in the
                                European Union,
click here
). Please note this does not opt you out of
                                being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Analytics & Web-beacons
Simplilearn uses third party software for analytics. All metrics information collected
                                from your usage of the Service(s) shall be transmitted to our analytics provider. This
                                information is then used to evaluate how users use our platform, and to compile
                                statistical reports on user activity for us. We further use the same statistical
                                analytics tool to track or to collect your Personally Identifiable Information (PII). We
                                will use this information in order to maintain, enhance, or add to the functionality of
                                the Service(s) and to personalize the experience for you. Aggregated information and
                                analysis may be made public where desired by Simplilearn.
We and our third party advertising partners use technologies such as web beacons in
                                analyzing trends, administering the website, tracking users’ movements around the site,
                                and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive
                                reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and
                                aggregated basis.
Do Not Track.
Currently, various browsers — including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari — offer a
                                “do not track” or “DNT” option that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which
                                sends a signal to Web sites’ visited by the user about the user's browser DNT preference
                                setting. Simplilearn does not currently commit to responding to browsers' DNT signals
                                with respect to the Company's Web sites, in part, because no common industry standard
                                for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators,
                                including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent. Simplilearn takes privacy
                                and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor
                                developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our Websites contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by
                                Simplilearn. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of
                                such other websites or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our
                                Websites and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects
                                personal information.
Public Forums
Our Websites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware
                                that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by
                                others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or
                                community forum,
reach out to us
.
                                In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we
                                will let you know that we are unable to do so and why.
Simplilearn may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or community threads on the Company’s Web
                                sites. Any personal information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read,
                                collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you
                                unsolicited messages. Simplilearn is not responsible for the personal information you
                                choose to submit in these forums.
Remember that when you share information publicly, it may be indexable by search engines.
Single Sign-On & Other social Media Features
Our Websites include social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button, the
                                “Share This” button or interactive mini-programs. Where we have your consent, these
                                features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Websites, and
                                may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and
                                widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. Your
                                interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company
                                providing them.
You can log in to our Websites using sign-in services by LinkedIn. The services will
                                authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal
                                information with us such as your name and email address.
Communications from the Websites
We may use your email address to send our newsletters and/or marketing communications. If
                                you no longer wish to receive these communications, you can opt out by following the
                                instructions contained in the emails you receive or by contacting us at
unsubscribe@simplilearn.com
We will send you announcements related to the Service(s) on occasions when it is
                                necessary to do so. For instance, if our Services) is temporarily suspended for
                                maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of
                                communications which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them,
                                you may delete your Account.
Information Security
Our Websites and Service(s) have industry standard security measures in place to protect
                                against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. When you
                                provide us with sensitive information (such as credit card information or login
                                credentials), we will encrypt that information via Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the
                                security of your data transmitted to our Websites or via the Service(s) and any
                                transmission is at your own risk. Once we receive your personal information, we will use
                                strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security
                                measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction
                                of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data
                                stored on our Site.
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for
                                    security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as
                                    safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind
                                    secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have
                                    special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information
                                    confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted
                                    via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
All payment transactions are processed through
                                    secure gateway providers and are not stored or processed on our servers
Testimonials
We post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our Websites which may contain personal
                                information. Prior to posting the testimonial, we obtain the customer's consent to post
                                their name along with their testimonial. If you want your testimonial removed, please
reach out to us
For TOGAF 9.1 course:
We agree to keep confidential any and all information that comes into its possession
                                regarding the Program’s examinations. If Simplilearn is found to have disclosed the
                                content of any of the Open Group’s examination scenarios, questions, or answers to any
                                third party other than in the normal course of Simplilearn attendees sitting the
                                examinations, the Agreement and all Schedules attached to it will be immediately
                                terminated and the Open Group shall remove all of the Simplilearn’s ATCs and Affiliates
                                from the Accreditation Register.
Children's Personal Information
Simplilearn does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the
                                age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, please do not submit any personal information
                                through our Websites or Service(s). We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor
                                their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their
                                children never to provide personal information through our Service(s) or Websites
                                without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 16
                                has provided personal information to us through our Websites or Service(s), please
                                contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information and terminate the child's
                                account from our databases.
Amendments
Simplilearn has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we
                                will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the
                                bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this
                                page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal
                                information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to
                                review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your
                                continued use of this Websites or the Service(s) following the posting of any amendment,
                                modification, or change to this Policy shall constitute your acceptance of the
                                amendments to this Policy. You can choose to discontinue use of the Websites or
                                Service(s), if you do not accept the terms of this Policy, or any modified version of
                                this Policy.
Contacting Simplilearn
If you have a complaint regarding data privacy, you may contact our Grievance Officer at
                                the details provided below, who is responsible for redressing your grievances:
Name :
Bharanidharan D
Designation:
Data Privacy Officer
Email ID:
dataprivacy@simplilearn.net
You can also reach out to us through postal mail at :
United States of America
Simplilearn Americas Inc.
201 Spear Street,
Suite 1100, San Francisco, CA 94105
United States
India
Simplilearn Solutions Private Limited
# 53/1 C, Manoj Arcade, 24th Main, Harlkunte
2nd Sector, HSR Layout
Bangalore - 560102, Karnataka, India.
Singapore
Simplilearn Singapore Pte. Ltd.
#14-302, The Plaza,
7500A Beach Rd,
Singapore 199591.
Refund policy
Thank you for buying our courses. We ensure that our users have a rewarding experience
                                while they discover, assess, and purchase our courses, whether it is an instructor-led
                                or self-paced training.
As with any online purchase experience, there are terms and conditions that govern the
                                Refund Policy. When you buy a training course on Simplilearn, you agree to our Privacy
                                Policy, Terms of Use and refund policy.
Our refund policy is as follows:
Cancellation & Refunds: Online Training
For Self Placed Learning:
Raise refund request within 7 days of purchase of course.
                            Money back guarantee is void if the participant has accessed more than 25% content or
                            downloaded the E-Book. Any refund request beyond 7 days of purchasing the course will not be
                            accepted and no refund will be provided.
For Instructor Led Training:
Raise refund request within 7 days of purchase of course. Money back guarantee is void if
                                the participant has accessed more than 25% content of any e-learning course or has
                                attended Online Classrooms/received recordings for more than 1 day.
Also, In case a user downloads the E-Book for the course the money back guarantee will
                                be void. Any refund request beyond 7 days of purchasing the course will not be accepted
                                and no refund will be provided.
For Post Graduate Programs:
Raise refund requests within 7 days of purchase of the postgraduate program. The
                                Money-back guarantee is void if the participant raises any refund request beyond 7 days
                                of purchasing the course. Refund requests after the 7 day period will not be accepted
                                and no refund will be provided. Notwithstanding the above, the booking fee paid by the
                                participant towards securing his/her seat in a program shall be non-refundable under all
                                circumstances.
For SkillUp Premium Certificate:
The fee paid by the participants towards purchasing the SkillUp Premium Certificate for the SkillUp Courses shall not be refundable under all circumstances.
Cancellation & Refunds: For CSM, CSPO, PSM, PSPO programs
Simplilearn Solutions, reserves the right to postpone/cancel an event, or change the
                                location of an event because of insufficient enrollments, instructor illness or force
                                majeure events (like floods, earthquakes, political instability, etc)
In case Simplilearn Solutions cancels an event,
                                    100% of course fees will be refunded to the delegate if the refund raise request is
                                    within 10 days of purchase of course. However travel, logistics or any personal
                                    expense incurred by learners/participants will not be refunded.
In case Simplilearn Solutions cancels/postpones an
                                    event, the participants who are ahead of 10 days of purchase, of course, will be
                                    rescheduled to any upcoming batch without any extra charges.
If a cancellation is done by a delegate 10 business
                                    days (or more) prior to the event, 10% of the total paid fee will be deducted and
                                    the remaining amount will be refunded to the delegate.
If a cancellation is done by a delegate within 10
                                    business days (or less) of the event, no refunds will be made.
No refunds or credits will be available for
                                    participants who fail to attend both days of the course.
Refund request can be initiated in two ways
From my orders section, by clicking on “Initiate
                                    Refund” against specific item of an order. This will work when item quantity is one.
In case item quantity is more than one, please
                                    reach out to our support team through our Help & Support section on the website.
Refunds: Duplicate payment
Refund of the duplicate payment made by the delegate will be processed via the same
                                source (original method of payment) in 10 working days post intimation by the customer.
Simplilearn reserves the right to revise the terms & conditions of this policy
                                without any prior notice.
Note:
All refunds will be processed within 10 working days after the
                                    refund request is approved by Simplilearn.
Rescheduling policy
In case Simplilearn reschedules the training event, the options available to the
                                delegates are:
100% refund, if the rescheduled dates do not fit
                                    into the delegate's schedule.
The delegate would have the privilege of
                                    rescheduling and attending a class in future at his/her convenience, at any
                                    location, on any date of a scheduled training.
The delegates, if they so wish, can send a
                                    replacement. However, this should be intimated to Simplilearn Solutions at least 3
                                    days prior to the event.
Whereas, if for some unforeseen reasons, a delegate wishes to reschedule his/her
                                registration to a future date, a rescheduling fee is charged as mentioned below:
If the rescheduling request is received 10 business
                                    days prior (or more), 10% of registration fee will be charged.
Please note that rescheduling will be subject to
                                    availability of seats.
If the request of rescheduling is received within
                                    10 business days or less, no rescheduling will be allowed. However, the delegate can
                                    send a replacement instead.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the course must be
                                    attended within 6 months of the participant's original sign-up date, and no refunds
                                    or credits will be available for participants who fail to attend a course within
                                    this six-month period.
Free Trial
At Simplilearn, we are laser-focused on helping you learn the skills you need to advance
                                your career. We stand by the quality of our courses and are offering this 7-day Free
                                Trial so that you can experience your course before committing to a purchase.
Free Trial details:
Each person can register for a Free Trial only once --
                                you cannot take free trials in successive courses
The Free Trial is available on select courses of
                                Digital Marketing, Salesforce, Cloud Programming and Mobile and Software Programming
                                categories. The Free Trial is available in limited geographies; if it is not visible on
                                the course that you’re interested in, then it is not available in your area.
Start your Free Trial from our website,
                                Simplilearn.com, by enrolling for courses belonging to one of the aforementioned
                                categories. As a part of Free Trial, you won’t be charged during the enrollment process
                                and will get 7-days Free access to our Learning Management System (LMS). Unless you
                                cancel the trial prior, at the end of the 7-day Free Trial you will be charged for the
                                price of the course.
If you do not wish to be charged, the Free Trial must
                                be cancelled before the end of the Free Trial period; and upon cancellation of the Free
                                Trial your access to the course will be terminated immediately.
If you have provided inaccurate or outdated Payment
                                Method information leading to non-payment, access to the chosen course will be
                                suspended.
If you choose to move to paid account before the free
                                trial ends, the remaining access days of Free Trial will be automatically added to the
                                access days available for that course.
Refund Policy:
If you are auto-enrolled after
                                the free trial ends, you will not be eligible for a refund for Self-Paced Learning
                                courses. If you have enrolled in Instructor Led training courses or Masters program,
                                current rules of Refund Policy will remain in force. Please check out our Refund policy
                                for more details.
During Free Trial, you can explore the various features
                                of the Learning management system. However, the access to downloadable content, project
                                submissions and Labs (if applicable) will be restricted and you will not be able to
                                unlock the course completion Certificate.
For Self-Paced Learning courses
, you can access
                                the entire learning modules during the free-trial period. However, the access to other
                                features of LMS will be restricted as mentioned above.
For Instructor Led Training courses
, you can
                                access the entire learning modules during the free-trial period. However, the access to
                                other features of LMS will be restricted as mentioned above. Also, you can attend only
                                one live virtual class session from the registered class during the 7-day free trial
                                period. After attending the first session, if you wish to attend another session within
                                the trial period to continue learning, you will have to enroll and pay for the course.
                                You can enroll by clicking on the enroll button inside the Learning Management System
                                which will convert the free trial into a paid account. The payment method used to
                                complete this process will be the Payment Method you chose at the beginning of the Free
                                Trial.
For Master's program
, you can explore the
                                industry recognized learning paths and access all the courses in the program. The
                                accessibility of the courses will depend upon the course being a self-paced learning or
                                instructor led online training, with the aforementioned restrictions applied
                                respectively
List of Data Subprocessors
Current as of March 17, 2022
Third Party Service/ Vendor
Purpose
Website
Location
* Salesforce
Customer Relationship Management
https://www.salesforce.com/
Japan
* Webengage
Marketing Automation
https://webengage.com/
USA
* Amazon Web Services(AWS)
Cloud computing platform and Email Service
https://aws.amazon.com/
USA
* Google Cloud Platform
Cloud computing platform
https://cloud.google.com/
USA
* Microsoft Azure
Cloud computing platform
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-in/
USA
* AddEvent
Adding class schedule to calendar
https://addevent.com/
USA
* Accredible
Issuing Certificates to learners
https://www.accredible.com/
USA
* Gamooga
Chat Support to the learners
https://gamooga.com/
USA
* Doselect
Practice labs
www.doselect.com
Singapore
* JW Player
Video content delivery
www.jwplayer.com
USA
* Tableau
Trend Analysis, Consumption analytics
www.tableau.com
USA
* Snowflake
Data warehouse
https://www.snowflake.com/
USA
* Vocareum
Assessments and Practice Labs
https://www.vocareum.com/
USA
* Segment
Data Pipleline
https://segment.com/
USA
* Amplitude
Product Intelligence
https://amplitude.com
USA
Zestmoney
EMI Partners
https://zestmoney.in/
India
Liquiloan
EMI Partners
https://liquiloans.com/
India
Propelld
EMI Partners
https://propelld.com/
India
Affirm
EMI Partners
https://www.affirm.com/
USA
ClimbCredit
EMI Partners
https://climbcredit.com/students
USA
Proof Technologies
Website Conversion
https://useproof.com/
USA
Xoxoday Plum
Refer and Earn Program
https://www.xoxoday.com/plum-home/plum
USA
* Corestack
Assessments and Practice Labs
https://www.Corestack.io
India
* Interview Mocha
Assessments
https://www.imocha.io/
India
* Webex
Virtual Classes
https://simplilearnsolutions.webex.com
Singapore
Zapier
Social Media lead capture
https://www.zapier.com/
USA
* Matillion
ETL Tool
USA
ringDNA / revenue.io
Lead Management
https://www.revenue.io/
USA
* Hackerearth
Assessments
https://www.hackerearth.com/
USA
Smartly
Social Media Advertising
https://www.smartly.io/
USA
* Salesloft
Lead Management
https://salesloft.com/
USA
* Careerleaf
Job board SAAS
https://careerleaf.com
Canada
* Yellow.ai
Whatsapp communication platform
https://yellow.ai
USA
* Only these subprocessors are used for our Enterprise customers
Accessibility Policy
At Simplilearn, we believe in making our product accessible to everyone. To do so, we are
                            committed to the following:
We aim to conform to internationally recognized Web
                                Content Accessibility (WCAG) Guidelines 2.1 Level AA as well as the Section 508
                                standards.
We recognize that improving accessibility across our
                                features is a continuous process. With new technologies and features that are developed,
                                accessibility is considered in our product design, building, and offering.
Our Curriculum, content creators, and learning design
                                specialists consider accessibility while creating our courses.
We prioritize accessibility bug fixes and strive to
                                address the concerns that may hinder learning experience.
Any accessibility-related queries can be reported to
accessibility@simplilearn.com
We have published our Voluntary Product Accessibility
                                Template (VPAT) here:
VPAT
Community Guidelines And Terms
Skill-up Community Platform User Terms and Conditions
Skill-up Community Platform (“
Platform
”) and its related services is owned and operated by Simplilearn Solutions Private Limited ("
Simplilearn
" or "
Company
" or "
Us
" or “
Our
” or "
We
") having its registered office at #53/1C, Manoj Arcade, 24th Main, Harlkunte, 2nd Sector, HSR Layout, Bangalore-560102, Karnataka, India. Please read the Skill-up Community Platform User Terms and Conditions (“
Platform Terms and Conditions
”) carefully before using the Platform. By using the Platform, You agree to abide by and be bound by all the Platform Terms and Conditions and You are deemed to have accepted the Platform User Terms and Conditions. In addition to these Platform Terms and Conditions, Your use of the Platform is also subject to Simplilearn.com
Terms and Conditions
and/or
Terms of Use
and/or the
Privacy Policy
, as may be applicable, to which You agree by using the Simplilearn.com website or its corresponding mobile application / mobile site (collectively hereinafter referred to as “Simplilearn.com”). To the extent the Simplilearn.com
Terms and Conditions
and/or
Terms of Use
and/or the
Privacy Policy
are inconsistent with the Platform User Terms and Conditions, the Platform Terms and Conditions will prevail with respect to Your use of the Platform and any of its related services.
For the purposes of this Platform User Terms and Conditions –
(1) "
Applicable Law(s)
" mean and includes all applicable statutes, enactments, acts of legislature, laws, ordinances, rules, bye-laws, regulations, notifications, guidelines, policies, directions, circulars, press notes, directives and orders of any court, government, statutory authority, board (in each such case whether preliminary or final), and, if applicable, international treaties and regulations and all amendments thereto from time to time.
(2) "
Affiliate
" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. "Control," for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.
(3) "
User
" or "
You
" refers to any user (individual or otherwise) of the Platform and its related services.
(4) "
Minimum Age
" means 18 years old. However, if the Applicable Law requires that You must be older in order to use the Platform without parental consent (including using of your personal data) then the Minimum Age is such older age.
(5) "
Content
" means and includes videos, audio (for example music and other sounds), graphics, photos, text (such as comments and scripts), branding (including trade names, trademarks, service marks, or logos), data, database, tags, labels, text, questions, lectures, quiz, graphics, diagrams, concepts, diagram, trainings, reviews, comments, suggestions, ideas, audio and/or visual animations or illustrations, options, solutions, answer keys, hints, representations, prints, audio and/or visual representations generated optically, electronically, digitally or by any other means.
I.
Conditions relating to Your Use of the Platform:
1. Your User Account:
If You use the Platform, You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your User account and password and for restricting access to Your computer to prevent unauthorised access to Your User account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under Your User account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the Your User account password is kept confidential and secured and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that Your User account and/or password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorised manner.
To use Platform, You agree and acknowledge that: (1) Your User account information is truthful and correct; (2) You fulfil the Minimum Age criteria; (3) You are not already restricted by the Platform from using the Platform and its related services; (4) You will use Your User account solely for education purposes and not for any business or commercial purposes; (5) You will only publish Content or information on the Platform that does not violate the Applicable Law nor any third-party rights (including intellectual property rights, right to privacy, etc.). (6) Nothing contained in the Platform Terms and Conditions shall create an employment, agency, partnership or joint venture relationship between Us and You in relation to Your usage of the Platform and its related services.
We reserve the right to refuse access to the Platform, terminate or suspend Your User account, remove or edit Content publish by Your User account at any time without notice to You, in case Your are in breach of these Platform Terms and Conditions.
2. Community Platform for Communication and Educational Purposes:
You agree, understand and acknowledge that the Platform is an online community platform solely for educational purpose that enables you to interact with other Users on the Platform and in relation thereof You agree and understand that: (1) We are not responsible for the conduct of any of the Users of the Platform, (2) We does not endorse any particular User or their Content published on the Platform, (3) We do not review and/or vet any of the User Content, except under exceptions circumstances including receipt of communication from government or non-government agencies or other regulatory authorities.
3. Access to Platform:
We will do Our utmost to ensure that availability of the Platform will be uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free. However, due to the nature of the internet connectivity, this cannot be guaranteed. Also, Your access to the website may also be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new facilities or services at any time without prior notice. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction.
4. License to access the Platform:
Subject to Your adherence with these Platform Terms and Conditions, We grant You a non-exclusive, limited and revocable-at-will licence to access and use of this Platform and its related services solely for educational purposes and not for any commercial purpose. This foregoing grant of license to access and use of this Platform for educational purpose does not permit You either to download (other than page caching) or modify the Platform and its related services or any portion thereof, except with Our express written consent. The foregoing grant of licence to access and use of this Platform for educational purpose does not include any resale or commercial use of this Platform and its related services or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) for re-utilisation of any substantial parts of the Platform.
This Platform and its related services or any portions thereof (including but not limited to any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information) may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, distributed or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without Our express written consent. The Platform and its related services are copyright of Simplilearn. All rights reserved.
You should not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Simplilearn and its Affiliates without Our express written consent. You should not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilising Simplilearn’s or its Affiliates' names or trademarks without Our express written consent. Any unauthorised use of Simplilearn’s or its Affiliate’s trademark, logo, or other proprietary information will automatically terminate the permission or license granted herein above by Us. We reserve the right to refuse access to the Platform, terminate or suspend Your User account at any time without notice to You, in case You are in breach of this provision.
5. Children
The grant of license under these Platform Term and Conditions to use the Platform and its related services is available only to persons who can form a legally binding contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872. If You are a minor (i.e. under the age of 18 years), You may use the Platform and its related services only with the involvement and under strict supervision and guidance of Your parent or legal guardian, as may be applicable.
6. Privacy Notice:
You agree that all personal data and information that You submit to Us while using the Platform and its related services will be accessed, stored, processed and used in accordance with these Platform Terms and Conditions and the Simplilearn.com
Privacy Policy
. By using the Platform and its related Services You consent to receive communications (including transactional, promotional and/or commercial messages) from Us with respect to Your use of the Platform and its related services.
7. Your Conduct and Obligations:
The Platform is not for use by anyone under the Minimum Age (defined). You should not create a fake User account on the Platform or falsify information in relation thereof. You should not use an image of someone else, or any other image that is not your likeness, for Your User account photo. Creating a User account with false and misleading information for fraudulent purposes, or in connection with any criminal offense or other unlawful activity is a violation of Platform Terms and Conditions, including accounts registered on behalf of others or persons under the Minimum Age criteria. We reserve the right to block/ remove/ terminate such User account on the Platform for violation of the Platform Terms and Conditions.
You should not use the Platform or its related service:
To scam, defraud, deceive other Users on the Platform.
To cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety amongst other Users of the Platform.
To facilitate romance scams, promote pyramid schemes, or otherwise defraud other Users on the Platform.
To develop and share malicious software that puts the Platform, its related services, and its Users at risk.
To develop, support or use software, devices, scripts, robots or any other means or processes (including crawlers, browser plugins and add-ons or any other technology) to scrape the Platform and its related services or otherwise copy User account profiles and other data from the Platform.
To override any security feature or bypass or circumvent any access controls or User limits of the Platform (such as caps on keyword searches or profile views).
To violate the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary rights. For example, do not copy or distribute (except through the available sharing functionality) the posts or other Content of others without their permission, which they may give by posting under any creative commons licenses.
violate the intellectual property or other rights of Simplilearn, including, without limitation: (i) copying or distributing Our learning videos or other materials or (ii) copying or distributing Our technology, unless it is released under open-source licenses; (iii) using the word “Simplilearn”, “Skill-up” or our logos and trademarks in any business name, email or URL.
To reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Platform and its related services or any related technology that is not open source.
To imply or state that you are affiliated with or endorsed by Us without our express consent (e.g., representing Yourself as an accredited Simplilearn trainer).
To rent, lease, loan, trade, sell/re-sell or otherwise monetize the Platform and its related services.
To engage in “framing,” “mirroring,” or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of the Platform and its related services.
To interfere with the operation of, or place an unreasonable load on, the Platform and its related services (e.g., spam, denial of service attack, viruses, gaming algorithms).
To reveal others' personal or sensitive information or incite other Users to do the same.
For untargeted, irrelevant, obviously unwanted, unauthorized, in appropriately commercial or promotional, or gratuitously repetitive messages.
For any form of phishing attempts.
You should not copy, use, disclose or distribute any information obtained from the Platform, whether directly or through third parties (such as search engines) without Our written consent.
The Content that You publish on the Platform
should solely be for educational purpose and should add to the Platform in a constructive manner.
always adhere to the Platform Publishing Guidelines and should not contains software viruses, worms, or any other harmful code.
remains Your work. You own the rights to any original Content that You publish on the Platform and You grant Us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully sublicensable, transferable and worldwide license and right to use copy, modify, distribute, publish and process such Content without any further consent/permission/authorisation. You agree that the foregoing grant of license and rights are irrevocable during the entire period of protection of Your intellectual property rights associated with Your Content. You agree to waive Your right to be identified as the author of such Content and Your right to object to derogatory treatment of such Content. You agree to perform all further acts necessary to perfect any of the above rights granted by You to Us, including the execution of deeds and documents in relation hereof, at Our request.
Simplilearn reserves the right (but not any obligation) to:
distribute Your Content, annotate Your Content and sell advertising on pages where your Content appears.
restrict, suspend, block, disable or terminate Your Skill-up Community Platform account and/or takedown, disable, block Your Content for any violation of the Skill-up Community Platform User Terms and Conditions (including Skill-up Community Platform Publishing Guidelines).
restrict, suspend, block, disable or terminate Your Skill-up Community Platform account and/or takedown, disable, block Your Content if You are found using infringing Content.
With respect to the Content that you publish on the Platform, You represent and warrant that:
You own or otherwise control all the intellectual rights to the Content published by You on the Platform.
as on the date the Content is published on the Platform:
the Content is accurate, correct and lawful.
use of the Content will not breach any Applicable Laws, Platform Terms and Conditions and will not cause injury to any person or entity (including that the Content is not defamatory).
With respect to the Content that you publish on the Platform, You agree to indemnify Simplilearn, its Affiliates and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees for and against all claims for damages brought against Us by any third party due to Your negligent or wilful breach of these Platform Terms and Conditions.
8. Platform Publishing Guidelines:
The Content that You publish on the Platform should always adhere to the following publishing guidelines.
The Content should not be misleading, fraudulent, obscene, threatening, hateful, defamatory, discriminatory, illegal, or violate any Applicable Law.
The Content should not be harassing Content. We do not allow bullying, harassment or abusive Content on the Platform. This includes targeted personal attacks, intimidation, shaming, disparagement, and abusive language directed at other Users of the Platform. You should not engage in trolling or other repetitive negative content that disrupts other Users or conversations on the Platform.
The Content should not threaten, incite, or promote violence in any manner whatsoever. We do not allow threatening or inciting violence of any kind on the Platform. We do not allow individuals or groups that engage in or promote violence, property damage, or organized criminal activity on the Platform. You should not use the Platform and its related services to express support for such individuals or groups or to otherwise glorify violence.
The Content should not depict exploitation of children in any manner whatsoever. We have zero tolerance for Content that depicts the sexual exploitation of children. You should not share, post, transmit, or solicit child exploitation material through or using the Platform and its related services. You should not use the Platform in any way to facilitate, encourage, or engage the abuse or exploitation of children. When We become aware of any Content with apparent child exploitation, We reserve the right (but not any obligation) to report it to the relevant regulatory and local law enforcement agencies.
The Content should not contain nudity or sexual activity. We have zero tolerance for Content that contain nudity or sexual activity. You should not share, post, transmit, or solicit content that contains nudity or sexual activity through the Platform or using the Platform related services. You should not use the Platform and its related services in any way to facilitate, encourage, or engage in the use of Content that contains nudity or sexual activity. When We become aware of any Content with nudity or sexual activity, We remove such Content and We reserve the right (but not any obligation) to report such Content to the relevant regulatory and local law enforcement agencies.
The Content should not promote, sell or attempt to purchase illegal or dangerous goods or services on the Platform. We do not allow Content that facilitates the purchase of illegal or dangerous goods and/or services, prostitution, and escort services on the Platform. We do not allow Content that promotes or distributes fake educational and/or professional certifications, sale of scraped data, proxy test-taking, or instructions on creating forged official documents on the Platform. You should not use the Platform and its related services to hold lotteries, contests, sweepstakes, or giveaways. You should not use the Platform and its related services to sensationalize or capitalize on tragic events for commercial purposes. We do not allow Users to engage in inappropriate or unsafe commercial transactions on the Platform. We reserve the right (but not any obligation) to remove Content that promotes, distributes, facilitates access to, or attempts to sell illegal or regulated goods and services and report it to the relevant regulatory and local law enforcement agencies.
The Content should not promote dangerous organizations or individuals on the Platform. We do not allow any terrorist organizations or violent extremist groups on the Platform. We do not allow any User who affiliate with such terrorist organizations or groups to have an User account on the Platform. Content that depicts terrorist activity, that is intended to recruit for terrorist organizations, or that threatens, promotes, or supports terrorism in any manner is strictly not tolerated and We reserve the right (but not any obligation) to remove such Content and report such Content to the relevant regulatory and local law enforcing agencies.
The Content should not attack, denigrate, intimidate, dehumanize, incite or threaten hatred, violence, prejudicial or discriminatory action against individuals or groups because of their actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national origin, caste, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, age, or disability status. Hate groups are not permitted on the Platform. You should not use Content with racial, religious, or other slurs that incite or promote hatred on the Platform. You should not post or share Content on the Platform that denies a well-documented historical event such as the Holocaust or slavery in the United States, etc. We reserve the right (but not any obligation) to remove such Content that attacks, denigrates, intimidates, dehumanizes, incites or threatens hatred, violence, prejudicial or discriminatory action against individuals or groups because of their actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national origin, caste, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, or disability status. We reserve the right (but not any obligation) report such Content to the relevant regulatory and local law enforcing agencies.
The Content should not contain harmful or shocking material. We do not allow Users to publish on the Platform, Content that is excessively gruesome or shocking. This includes Content that is sadistic or gratuitously graphic, such as the depiction of bodily injury, severe physical or sexual violence. We do not allow on the Platform any content, activities, or events that promote, organize, depict, or facilitate criminal activity. We do not allow on the Platform any Content depicting or promoting instructional weapon making, drug abuse, and threats of theft. You should not engage in or promote escort services, prostitution, exploitation of children, or human trafficking on the Platform by using the Platform related services. You should not share on the Platform Content or activities that promote or encourage suicide or any type of self-injury, including self-mutilation and eating disorders. We reserve the right (but not any obligation) to remove depictions of extreme violence, along with image or video Content that is excessively gory, gruesome, or disturbingly shocking and report such Content to the relevant regulatory and local law enforcement agencies.
The Content should not contain false or misleading information. You should not share on the Platform any Content in a way that you know is, or think may be, misleading or inaccurate, including misinformation or disinformation. You should not share on the Platform any Content that is intended to interfere with or improperly influence an election or other civic process. We may prevent You from posting Content from websites that are known to produce or contain false, misleading and misinformation. You should not share on the Platform Content that directly contradicts guidance from leading global health organizations and public health authorities, including false and misleading information about the safety or efficacy of COVID-19 and/or COVID-19 vaccines.
The Content that You publish on the Platform should be Your original work. In case the Content that You publish on the Platform is not original then You should have obtained necessary right and permission from the owner of the original Content to publish such Content on the Platform. You will not publish any Content on the Platform for which You do not possess necessary right and permission from the owner of the original Content. This includes other people's contents, contents that You have found on the internet, or contents that belongs to Your employer but not You. Most content on the internet belongs to someone, and unless You have clear right and permission from the owner of such content to publish such content on the Platform, You should not publish such Content on the Platform. You can republish something that You have published somewhere else, as long as it is original Content that You own the rights over such Content.
You are solely responsible for Your Content published on the Platform, including any harm caused by Your Content to other Users of the Platform or harm caused to You due to Your publishing of Your Content on the Platform.
9. Disclaimer:
You acknowledge and undertake that You are accessing the Platform and its related services at Your own risk and are using Your best and prudent judgment in relation thereof. You further acknowledge and undertake that You will use the Platform and its related services only for educational purpose and not for business or commercial purposes. We shall neither be liable nor responsible for any actions or inactions of other Users of the Platform nor any breach of conditions, representations or warranties by any other Users of the Platform and hereby expressly disclaim and any all responsibility and liability in that regard. We shall not mediate or resolve any dispute or disagreement between You and other User of the Platform.
On the Platform, You may encounter Content or information that might be inaccurate, incomplete, delayed, misleading, illegal, offensive or otherwise harmful. In relation hereof, You understand, acknowledge and agree that:
the Platform, as an intermediary as defined under the Applicable Laws, is generally not responsible and is not under any obligation for examining or evaluating any Users Content of the Platform and We do not review, warrant and endorse any Content provided by other Users on the Platform. We do not assume any responsibility or liability, in any manner whatsoever, for any User Content on the Platform or their use of the Platform and its related services.
the Platform as an intermediary as defined under the Applicable Laws does not supervise, direct, control or monitor Users usage of the Platform and its related services and We are not responsible for other Users Content or information on the Platform and We do not endorse the same, in any manner whatsoever.
The Platform as an intermediary as defined under the Applicable Laws, may conduct minimum due diligence, to the extent required and permitted under the Applicable Laws, with respect to the Content on the Platform from time to time, We cannot always prevent the misuse of or abuse on the Platform and its related services by Users of the Platform. We are not responsible for any such misuse of the Platform and its related services by the Users of the Platform.
10. No Warranty and Exclusion of Liability:
SIMPLILEARN AND ITS AFFILIATES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY ABOUT THE PLATFORM AND ITS RELATED SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY REPRESENTATION (EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED) THAT THE PLATFORM AND ITS RELATED SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE AND WHILE WE HAVE TAKEN ALL NECESSARY PRECAUTIONS TO AVOID INACCURACIES IN THE PLATFORM AND ITS RELATED SERVICES, WE PROVIDE THE PLATFORM AND ITS RELATED SERVICES (INCLUDING CONTENT AND INFORMATION) ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SIMPLILEARN AND ITS AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF TITLE, ACCURACY OF DATA, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, SUTAIBILITY, QUALITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, PERFORMANCE, SAFETY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SIMPLILEARN INCLUDING ITS AFFILIATES, WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLATFORM AND ITS RELATED SERVICES FOR LOST PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, WASTED EXPENDITURE, REPUTATION (E.G., OFFENSIVE OR DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS), LOSS OF DATA (E.G., DOWN TIME OR LOSS, USE OF, OR CHANGES TO, YOUR INFORMATION OR CONTENT) OR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SIMPLILEARN AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANY USER IN CONNECTION WITH THEIR USE OF THE PLATFORM AND ITS RELATED SERVICES FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, CLAIMS, AMOUNTS, ETC. IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER.
11. No Waiver:
If You breach these Platform Terms and Conditions and We fail to take any action against You due to any reasons, You understand that Our failure to enforce any of Our rights under these Platform Terms and Conditions in any instance shall not be deemed to be a waiver of future enforcement of that or any other provision of the Platform Terms and Conditions.
12. Force Majeure Events:
The Platform is subject to force majeure circumstances including without limitation, floods, natural disasters, war, act of terror, political unrests, technical snags, act of God, pandemic, epidemic or any other circumstance beyond the reasonable control of Simplilearn or its Affiliates (collectively referred to as "
Force Majeure Event
"). Simplilearn or its affiliates shall be not liable for any delay or adverse effect caused to the Users as a result of any Force Majeure Event. We will not be held responsible for any delays or failures to comply with Our obligations under these Platform Terms and Conditions if the delays or failures arises from any Force Majeure Event which is beyond Our reasonable control. This condition does not affect Your statutory rights.
13. Governing Law and Jurisdiction:
These Platform Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of India and You agree that the courts at Bangalore shall have the exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any disputes or any matter arising in relation hereof.
14. Changes:
We may, to the maximum extent permitted under the Applicable Law and in Our sole discretion change/ modify/ amend/ alter the Platform Terms and Conditions from time to time and/or suspend or discontinue the Platform or any of its related services. If we make material change/ modification/ amendment/ alteration to the Platform Terms and Conditions and/or suspend or discontinue the Platform or any of its related services, then We will provide You with an intimation of such material change/ modification/ amendment/ alteration in any manner as may be deemed appropriate by Us. Your continued use of the Platform and its related services after we intimate You about the material change/ modification/ amendment/ alteration to the Platform Terms and Conditions means that You are consenting to the updated Platform Terms and Conditions. You agree that We can provide You with the intimations mentioned hereinabove through the Platform. You agree and understand that all decisions related to the Platform, its related services and the Platform Terms and Conditions by Us are final and binding on You.
15. US Sanctions Policy:
The grant of license under these Platform Terms and Conditions are automatically revoked and Your use of the Platform and its related services is terminated with immediate effect if You are the subject of U.S. sanctions or of sanctions consistent with U.S. law imposed by the governments of the country where You are the Platform and its related services. You must at all times comply with all U.S. or other export and re-export restrictions that may apply to goods, software, technology and services.
16. Entire Agreement:
These Platform Terms and Conditions constitutes the complete and exclusive understanding and agreement between You and Us with respect to the Platform and its related services and supersedes all prior understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter contained herein.
17. Severability:
If any provision of these Platform Terms and Conditions is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions of these Platform Terms and Conditions will remain in full force and effect, and the provision affected will be construed in a manner so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permissible by law to achieve its intent.
18. Assignment:
You shall not assign or transfer, either directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, to any third-party, Your obligations under these Platform Terms and Conditions without Our express prior consent. However, You agree that Simplilearn may, without your consent, assign its obligation under these Platform Terms and Conditions to its Affiliates or to any third-party by virtue of sale or transfer of all or substantially all of Our assets (or any of Our subsidiaries) or Our acquisition by or merger, into another company (including consolidation, reorganization, restructuring).
19. Notice:
You agree that the only way to provide Us with legal notice is via email to: legal@simplilearn.net
20. Report Inappropriate Content, Messages, or other Safety Concerns:
If You are concerned about inappropriate or unsafe Content on the Platform and You notice something You believe may violate these Platform Terms and Conditions, including inappropriate content, behavior, or Users whether in profiles, posts, messages, comments, or anywhere else, please
report the Content or User directly to Us
by sending an email. Combined with Our automated defenses, these reports by You will help Us identify and prevent abuse on the Platform. Please use this reporting email responsibly and only for their intended purposes. Your report will be sent to appropriate customer service team for necessary evaluation. You won't receive an email or confirmation reply unless the appropriate customer service team needs additional information. It is against our Privacy Policy to share the identity of someone who flags any Content that violates the Platform Terms and Conditions. We have limited ability to act on Content appearing beyond Our Platform unless such Content is in direct violation of the Platform Terms and Conditions.
If You believe that Your rights are being violated by any Content on the Platform, then You may email Us at:
connect@simplilearn.com
with subject line mentioned as “Claim of Infringement” along with supporting evidence in relation to such claim.
If You believe that any User of the Platform and/or User Content published on the Platform violates the Platform Terms and Conditions, then you may email Us immediately at:
connect@simplilearn.com
with the subject line as “Violation of Platform Terms and Conditions” along with supporting evidence in relation to such violation. After reviewing the reported violation, We will take appropriate measures including warning or suspending the User and blocking or takedown the Content if the reported Content is in violation of the Platform Terms and Conditions. You can report the following:
Spam, misinformation, inappropriate and offensive content
Inappropriate profile photos
Fake or Inaccurate profiles. If You find inaccurate information on another User Account on the Platform, You can report it to Us. Inaccurate information can include but is not limited to false claims of employment, education, accomplishments, and awards.
Inappropriate groups. If You are part of a group and You see inappropriate conversations, comments or spam. You can report it to Us
Phishing or suspicious messages (Scams). Scams are a form of fraud, usually committed through email. Scammers create false identities or impersonate legitimate people or companies. Their goal is to steal Your money or in some cases, Your identity and personal data. There are several warning signs of a typical scam message, including but not limited to:
o Offers that seem too good to be true.
o Messages containing spelling or grammar mistakes.
o Messages that aren't addressed to you personally.
o Messages asking you for personal or financial information.
o Advanced fee fraud scams
o Job scams
o Technical support scams
o Dating and romance scams
If You have received a scam message on the Platform, report it to Us. If you have been victim of a scam, report it to your local law enforcement agencies.
Threats and abuse. If another User of the Platform is contacting You on the Platform and using threatening or abusive language, You can report it to Us and block that User.
Harassment - If another User of the Platform is contacting You on the Platform and using hostile language or doing anything that makes You feel uncomfortable, You can report it to Us and block that User.
Other safety concerns - If You see something on the Platform that looks suspicious, appears to be misinformation, is offensive, violates these Platform Terms and Conditions, or makes You uncomfortable, You can report it to Us.
21. Violation of Platform Terms and Conditions:
We reserve the right (but not any obligation) to restrict, suspend, or terminate User account and/or takedown and remove User Content that breaches or violates these Platform Terms and Conditions (including the Platform Publishing Guidelines). When We takedown and remove Content, We also send You a notice that Your Content violates these Platform Terms and Conditions (including the Platform Publishing Guidelines) and the action We are taking on such Content. If You believe Your Content has been removed in error, You have the opportunity to appeal by emailing Us at:
connect@simplilearn.com
with subject line as “Appeal for Re-review” along with supporting evidence and We will re-review Your Content. In general, three (3) violations of these Platform Terms and Conditions will result in account restriction. We provide the opportunity to appeal an account restriction, and We may, at our sole discretion, reinstate a restricted account if the User agrees to comply with these Platform Terms and Conditions. Continued violations of these Platform Terms and Conditions will result in permanent restriction from the Platform. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, for certain violations of these Platform Terms and Conditions including but not limited to child sexual abuse material, terrorism, extremely violent and hateful content, sexual harassment and breach of Platform publishing guidelines, We may, at our sole discretion, permanently terminate or restrict or suspend Your User account after a single violation.
22. Miscellaneous:
These Platform Terms and Conditions constitute an electronic record within the meaning of the applicable law. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.
General Terms & Conditions related to Simplilearn ACE Scholarship
In case of Tie……
The decision of Simplilearn management will be final and binding.
Currently Enrolled learners of Job guarantee program of Simplilearn are not eligible to participate in the career Test.
Current Simplilearn employees are not eligible for the scholarships.
Winners selection is at the sole discretion of the company.
Any information shared by the learner if found invalid will lead to disqualification.
The company has sole discretion to change the rewards at any time.
In addition to the specific eligibility criteria, you also need to fulfill the following general eligibility criteria:
You should be an individual legal resident of the Republic of India;
You should be of an age 18 years or above at the time of entry into this Contest.
By entering into this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, you consent to being placed on a mailing list for promotional and other marketing materials for Simplilearn. You may update or change your email preferences at the email preferences page.
Please note that Simplilearn or its affiliates may be running similar programs or promotions at the same time as this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship. By entering this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, you will not be eligible to receive any benefit and/ or prize awarded in any other program or promotion unless you enter into each program or promotion separately. If you are declared a winner under this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, you will not be eligible to receive any prize or benefit under any other similar program or promotion run by Simplilearn.
Subject to these T&Cs of Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, only 1 (one) Scholarship reward/ prize will be awarded to the winner under this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship. The Scholarship reward/ prize under this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship is not for resale.
Each Scholarship reward/ prize under this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship will be awarded "AS IS" and WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose). There are no cash or other prize alternatives available in whole or in part. However, in circumstances beyond control, Simplilearn may substitute a similar alternative prize of equal or greater value in its sole discretion. The Scholarship reward/ prize under this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship is non-transferable, non- exchangeable for cash. The Scholarship reward/ prize under this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship cannot be clubbed with any other Contest/ Offer / Facility / Right offered by Simplilearn.
Simplilearn may, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and in its sole discretion, change the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs or cancel the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship at any time; or modify, terminate, or suspend the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship should viruses, worms, bugs, unauthorized human intervention or other causes beyond our control corrupt or impair the administration, security, fairness or proper play of the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship or submission of entries. In such an event, Simplilearn may at its sole discretion make available the modified T&Cs or appropriate communication, in the manner as may be determined by Simplilearn from case- to-case basis.
Simplilearn or its affiliates will not be responsible for: (a) lost, misdirected, late, incomplete, or unintelligible entries or for inaccurate entry information, whether caused by you or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, or by any technical or human error that may occur in the processing of entries; (b) any printing or typographical errors in any materials associated with the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship; (c) any error in the operation or transmission, theft, destruction, unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries, or for technical, network, telephone, computer, hardware or software, malfunctions of any kind, or inaccurate transmission of, or failure to receive any entry information on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the internet or at any website; or (d) injury or damage to your or any other computer or mobile resulting from downloading any materials in connection with the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship.
Simplilearn may, in its sole discretion, disqualify any participant found to be: (a) tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship; (b) acting in violation of these Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs; or (c) acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person.
By participating in this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, you give Simplilearn and its affiliates permission to use your name and images, as such may be embodied in any pictures, photos, write-ups, video recordings, audiotapes, digital images, and the like, taken or made in relation to the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship and any promotions, events, or contests to follow. You agree that Simplilearn and its affiliates has the right to publish your saved item details for any communication, promotions, events, or contests that follow. You agree that Simplilearn has complete ownership of such write-ups, pictures, etc., including the entire copyright, and may use them for any purpose. These uses include, but are not limited to illustrations, bulletins, exhibitions, videotapes, reprints, reproductions, publications, advertisements, and any promotional or educational materials in any medium now known or later developed, including the internet. You acknowledge that you will not receive any compensation, etc. for the use of such pictures, etc., and hereby release Simplilearn and its affiliates and its agents and assigns from any and all claims which arise out of or are in any way connected with such use. You give your consent to Simplilearn, its agents and assigns to use your name and likeness to promote the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship and any promotions, events, or contests to follow. You understand that, by participating in the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, you are sharing your data with Simplilearn and its affiliates.
This Simplilearn ACE Scholarship is subject to force majeure circumstances including without limitation, floods, natural disasters, war, act of terror, political unrests, technical snags, act of God or any circumstance beyond the reasonable control of Simplilearn or its affiliates ("Force Majeure Event"). Simplilearn or its affiliates shall be not liable for any delay or adverse effect caused to the participants in the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship including the winners as a result of a Force Majeure Event.
This Simplilearn ACE Scholarship is being made available purely on a "best effort" basis and participating in this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship is voluntary. By participating in the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, you will be legally bound hereby, to release from liability, and hold harmless Simplilearn and its affiliates, any of its employees or agents representing or related to Simplilearn and its services/products for any matters in relation to this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, including the related rewards and prize. This release is for any and all liability for personal injuries (including death), property loss or damage, and misuse of the benefits/ prizes offered under this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, in connection with any activity or directly or indirectly, by reason of the acceptance, possession, or participation in the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, even if caused or contributed to by our negligence.
All information submitted in connection with this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship will be treated in accordance with these Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs and Simplilearn Privacy Policy available at:
https://www.simplilearn.com/terms-and-conditions#privacy-policy
We may exchange electronic versions of documents, data, e-mails, and other messages with you using commercially available software. Further, for your benefit, we may use cloud-based and other service providers, and various devices and media, to store your documents and data, communicate with you, and perform other data handling and management activities in connection with our work for you. Such communications and media can be vulnerable to attack from viruses, malware, other destructive electronic programs, invasions of privacy, or other intrusions or breaches. We undertake reasonable and appropriate security measures and programs to protect the security of these communications and data against such threats, and to select qualified suppliers of such services. (Note that our security software may occasionally reject a communication that you send to us, or we in turn may transmit something to you that is rejected by your system, potentially resulting in delays.). We cannot, however, guarantee that our communications and documents will always be virus-free or immune from such risks, and for that reason, we ask for your consent to our use of e-mail, cloud-based and other service providers, media, and platforms for the storage of documents and data, and to communicate with you and others, as described in this paragraph. Your participation in the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship confirms that consent. If you would prefer, despite the potential cost and inconvenience, that we avoid using e-mail, cloud platforms or other similar suppliers, or that we follow special instructions or utilize client-specified encryption procedures, you agree to promptly notify us in writing on such limitations or requirements.
We do not and cannot guarantee the outcome of the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship. Either at the commencement or during the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship we may express our opinions, views, or beliefs concerning claims or courses of action and the results that might be anticipated. Any such statement made by our representative is intended to be an expression of opinions, views and beliefs only, based on information available to us at the time, and should not be construed by you as a guarantee of any type.
The Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs are governed by the laws of the Republic of India. The Simplilearn ACE Scholarship and all accompanying materials are copyright of Simplilearn. All rights reserved. No requests for transfer or assignment or redemption of the benefits under this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship shall be entertained. You agree that all decisions related to the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship by Simplilearn are final and binding on you. Failure by Simplilearn to enforce any of these Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs in any instance shall not be deemed to be a waiver of the Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs and shall not give rise to any claim by any person. These Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs are subject to Indian laws and the courts at Bangalore shall have the exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any disputes or any matter arising here from.
You agree that, by participating in this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship, you will be bound by these Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs. These Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs are in addition to the Simplilearn.com Terms of Use and/or the Privacy Policy, as may be applicable, to which you agree by using the Simplilearn.com website or its corresponding mobile application / mobile site (collectively hereinafter referred to as "Simplilearn.com"). To the extent the Simplilearn.com Terms of Use are inconsistent with these Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs, these Simplilearn ACE Scholarship T&Cs will prevail with respect to this Simplilearn ACE Scholarship only.
Skillup Daily Quiz Terms And Conditions
The SkillUp Daily Quiz
("Contest")
is brought to you by Simplilearn Solutions Private Limited
(“Simplilearn”/ “we”/ “our”/ “us”)
. Please read these specific and general terms and conditions (collectively hereinafter referred to as
"T&Cs"
) before entering this Contest. For the purposes of these T&Cs, wherever the context so requires "you" or "your" shall mean any natural person who is a participant in this Contest.
You agree that, by participating in this Contest, you will be bound by these T&Cs. By participating in this Contest you are deemed to have accepted this Contest T&Cs.
These Contest T&Cs are in addition to the Simplilearn.com Terms of Use and/or the Privacy Policy, as may be applicable, to which you agree by using the Simplilearn.com website or its corresponding mobile application / mobile site (collectively hereinafter referred to as
"Simplilearn.com"
). To the extent the Simplilearn.com Terms of Use are inconsistent with these Content T&Cs, these Contest T&Cs will prevail with respect to this Contest only.
SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
Details of the Contest and How to Enter:
The SkillUp Daily Quiz is a game of skill and luck. Any SkillUp user can participate in this quiz and get a chance to win rewards if the user has cleared the quiz's passing criteria.
The skillup daily quiz passing criteria is answering all quiz questions correctly.
The daily quiz will start every day at 12 a.m. UTC and end at 12 a.m. UTC on the next day. After 11 a.m., winners' list will be declared via email communication to the users.
Winners need to claim the prize by submitting the essential details, such as a valid name, email, photo.
Once winners have claimed the prize by submitting the essential details, the rewards will be communicated to their email addresses within 2 working days.
The rewards are currently only available for Indian users and will be expanded to other geographies soon!
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
1. ELIGIBILITY:
In addition to the specific eligibility criteria, you also need to fulfil the following general eligibility criteria to enter into this Contest:
(a) You should be of an age 18 years or above at the time of entry into this Contest.
2. MAILING LIST:
By entering into this Contest, you consent to being placed on a mailing list for promotional and other marketing materials for Simplilearn. You may update or change your email preferences at the email preferences page.
3. OTHER CONTESTS:
Please note that Simplilearn or its affiliates may be running similar contests or promotions at the same time as this Contest. By entering this Contest, you will not be eligible to receive any benefit and/ or prize awarded in any other promotion or contest unless you enter each promotion or contest separately.
4. PRIZES:
Subject to these T&Cs, during the Contest Period only 1 (one) Prize will be awarded to the winner under this Contest. The Prize under this Contest is not for resale.
Each Prize will be awarded "AS IS" and WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, express or implied (including, without limitation, any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose). There are no cash or other prize alternatives available in whole or in part. However, in circumstances beyond control, Simplilearn may substitute a similar alternative prize of equal or greater value in its sole discretion. The Prize is non-transferable, non- exchangeable for cash. The Prize cannot be clubbed with any other Contest/ Offer / Facility / Right.
5. ODDS OF WINNING:
Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received. Eligible entries are ones that satisfy the eligibility criteria outlined above and follow the steps outlined in the ‘Details of the Contest and the How to Enter’ section above.
6. ADDITIONAL TERMS:
Simplilearn may, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and in its sole discretion, change the Contest T&Cs or cancel the Contest at any time; or modify, terminate, or suspend the Contest should viruses, worms, bugs, unauthorized human intervention or other causes beyond our control corrupt or impair the administration, security, fairness or proper play of the Contest or submission of entries. In such an event, Simplilearn may at its sole discretion make available the modified T&Cs or appropriate communication, in the manner as may be determined by Simplilearn from case- to-case basis.
Simplilearn or its affiliates will not be responsible for: (a) lost, misdirected, late, incomplete, or unintelligible entries or for inaccurate entry information, whether caused by you or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Contest, or by any technical or human error that may occur in the processing of entries; (b) any printing or typographical errors in any materials associated with the Contest; (c) any error in the operation or transmission, theft, destruction, unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries, or for technical, network, telephone, computer, hardware or software, malfunctions of any kind, or inaccurate transmission of, or failure to receive any entry information on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the internet or at any website; or (d) injury or damage to your or any other computer or mobile resulting from downloading any materials in connection with the Contest.
Simplilearn may, in its sole discretion, disqualify any participant found to be: (a) tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Contest; (b) acting in violation of these Contest T&Cs; or (c) acting in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner or with intent to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other person.
The authorized subscriber of the e-mail account used to enter the Contest at the actual time of entry will be deemed to be the participant and must comply with these T&Cs in the event of a dispute as to entries submitted by multiple users having the same e-mail account. The authorized account subscriber is the natural person who is assigned an e-mail address by an internet access provider, on-line service provider, or other organization responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domains associated with the submitted e-mail addresses. No benefits greater than those described in the ‘Details of the Contest and How to Enter’ section above in these T&Cs will be awarded.
7. PUBLICITY RELEASE:
By participating in this Contest, you give Simplilearn and its affiliates permission to use your name and image, as such may be embodied in any pictures, photos, write-ups, video recordings, audiotapes, digital images, and the like, taken or made in relation to the Contest and any promotions, events, or contests to follow.
You agree that Simplilearn and its affiliates has the right to publish your saved item details for any communication, promotions, events, or contests that follow. You agree that Simplilearn has complete ownership of such write-ups, pictures, etc., including the entire copyright, and may use them for any purpose. These uses include, but are not limited to illustrations, bulletins, exhibitions, videotapes, reprints, reproductions, publications, advertisements, and any promotional or educational materials in any medium now known or later developed, including the internet. You acknowledge that you will not receive any compensation, etc. for the use of such pictures, etc., and hereby release Simplilearn and its affiliates and its agents and assigns from any and all claims which arise out of or are in any way connected with such use. You give your consent to Simplilearn, its agents and assigns to use your name and likeness to promote the Contest and any promotions, events, or contests to follow. You understand that, by participating in the Contest, you are sharing your data with Simplilearn and its affiliates.
8. FORCE MAJEURE:
This Contest is subject to force majeure circumstances including without limitation, floods, natural disasters, war, act of terror, political unrests, technical snags, act of God or any circumstance beyond the reasonable control of Simplilearn or its affiliates
("Force Majeure Event")
. Simplilearn or its affiliates shall be not liable for any delay or adverse effect caused to the participants in the Contest including the winners as a result of a Force Majeure Event.
9. LIABILITY RELEASE:
This Contest is being made purely on a "best effort" basis and participating in this Contest is voluntary. By participating in the Contest, you will be legally bound hereby, to release from liability, and hold harmless Simplilearn and its affiliates, any of its employees or agents representing or related to Simplilearn and its services/products for any matters in relation to the this Contest, including the Prize. This release is for any and all liability for personal injuries (including death), property loss or damage, and misuse of the benefits/ Prizes offered under this Contest, in connection with any activity or directly or indirectly, by reason of the acceptance, possession, or participation in the Contest, even if caused or contributed to by our negligence.
10. QUERIES:
Please direct any questions, comments or complaints related to this Contest to
skillup@simplilearn.com
.
11. PRIVACY NOTICE:
All information submitted in connection with this Contest will be treated in accordance with these Contest T&Cs and the Privacy Policy available at Simplilearn.com.
12. E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS, CLOUD SERVICES, AND CYBER SECURITY:
During the Contest Period, we may exchange electronic versions of documents, data, e-mails, and other messages with you using commercially available software. Further, for your benefit, we may use cloud-based and other service providers, and various devices and media, to store your documents and data, communicate with you, and perform other data handling and management activities in connection with our work for you.  Such communications and media can be vulnerable to attack from viruses, malware, other destructive electronic programs, invasions of privacy, or other intrusions or breaches. We undertake reasonable and appropriate security measures and programs to protect the security of these communications and data against such threats, and to select qualified suppliers of such services. (Note that our security software may occasionally reject a communication that you send to us, or we in turn may transmit something to you that is rejected by your system, potentially resulting in delays.). We cannot, however, guarantee that our communications and documents will always be virus-free or immune from such risks, and for that reason, we ask for your consent to our use of e-mail, cloud-based and other service providers, media, and platforms for the storage of documents and data, and to communicate with you and others, as described in this paragraph. Your participation in the Contest confirms that consent. If you would prefer, despite the potential cost and inconvenience, that we avoid using e-mail, cloud platforms or other similar suppliers, or that we follow special instructions or utilize client-specified encryption procedures, you agree to promptly notify us in writing on such limitations or requirements.
13. NO GUARANTEE OF OUTCOME:
We do not and cannot guarantee the outcome of the Contest.  Either at the commencement or during the Content Period of our representation, we may express our opinions, views, or beliefs concerning claims or courses of action and the results that might be anticipated. Any such statement made by our representative is intended to be an expression of opinions, views and beliefs only, based on information available to us at the time, and should not be construed by you as a guarantee of any type.
14. MISCELLANEOUS:
The Contest is governed by the laws of the Republic of India. The Contest and all accompanying materials are copyright of Simplilearn. All rights reserved. No requests for transfer or assignment or redemption of the benefits under this Contest shall be entertained. You agree that all decisions related to the Contest by Simplilearn are final and binding on you. Failure by Simplilearn to enforce any of these Contest T&Cs in any instance shall not be deemed to be a waiver of the Contest T&Cs and shall not give rise to any claim by any person. These Contest T&Cs are subject to Indian laws and the courts at Bangalore shall have the exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any disputes or any matter arising here from.
SkillUp Premium Certificate
For the SkillUp Courses, users shall have free access to the Course content, but to access the Premium Certificate of the Course, Users have to purchase the Premium Certificate after paying the fee as mentioned on the Course page on the SkillUp platform.
Users are allowed to purchase the Premium Certificate for the Courses at any time during the Users’ learning journey after successful payment of the fee, but Users are allowed to unlock the Premium Certificate only and post completion of 85% of the Course.
Menu
All courses
Course Categories
All courses
Data Science & Business Analytics
POPULAR COURSES
Applied Data Science with Python
Data Science with R Programming
Tableau Certification Training
Power BI
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Caltech Post Graduate Program in Data Science
Caltech CTME
Advanced Certificate Program in Data Science
Purdue University
Business Analytics for Strategic Decision Making with IIT Roorkee
IIT Roorkee
Masters program
Data Scientist
9 courses | Duration: 11 Months
In Collaboration With
IBM
11 tools & Rigorous Curriculum
Data Analyst
11 courses | Duration: 11 Months
In Collaboration With
IBM
9 tools & Rigorous Curriculum
AI & Machine Learning
POPULAR COURSES
Deep Learning with Keras and TensorFlow
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Professional Certificate Program in AI and Machine Learning
Purdue University
AI for Decision Making: Business Strategies and Applications
Wharton Business School
Masters program
Artificial Intelligence Engineer
9 courses | Duration: 11 Months
In Collaboration With
IBM
9 tools & Rigorous Curriculum
Project Management
POPULAR COURSES
PMP® Certification Training
PRINCE2
®
Foundation and Practitioner
PRINCE2
®
Agile Foundation and Practitioner
CAPM
PMI-RMP
®
Certification
PMP
®
Exam Practice Test
PMI-PgMP
®
Certification
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Post Graduate Program in Project Management
University of Massachusetts Amherst
Masters program
Digital Project Manager
7 courses | Duration: 24 Months
Rigorous Curriculum
PMP
®
Plus
7 courses | Duration: 36 Months
Rigorous Curriculum
Cyber Security
POPULAR COURSES
CEH (v12)- Certified Ethical Hacker
CISSP
®
- Certified Information Systems Security Professional
CISA
®
- Certified Information Systems Auditor
CISM
®
CompTIA Security+ 601
CCSP-Certified Cloud Security Professional
COBIT
®
2019- Control Objectives for Information and Related Technologies
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Post Graduate Program in Cyber Security
Featuring Modules from MIT SCC and EC-Council
Masters program
Cyber Security Expert
7 courses | Duration: 11 Months
Rigorous Curriculum
Cloud Computing
POPULAR COURSES
AWS Solutions Architect
AWS Developer Associate
AWS SysOps Associate
Designing Microsoft Azure Infrastructure Solutions AZ-305
Google Cloud Platform Architect Training
Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate AZ-104
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Post Graduate Program in Cloud Computing
Caltech CTME
Masters program
Cloud Architect
11 courses | Duration: 11 Months
Certification Aligned with
Silver Microsoft Partner
& 2 more
31 tools & Rigorous Curriculum
AWS Cloud Architect
5 courses | Duration: 11 Months
16 tools & Rigorous Curriculum
DevOps
POPULAR COURSES
Container Orchestration using Kubernetes
CI/CD Pipeline with Jenkins
Docker Certified Associate (DCA) Certification Training Course
Ansible 2.0 Training course
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Post Graduate Program in DevOps
Caltech CTME
Masters program
DevOps Engineer
13 courses | Duration: 11 Months
15 tools & Rigorous Curriculum
Business and Leadership
POPULAR COURSES
Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP
®
)
CCBA
®
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Executive Leadership Principles Program
MIT xPRO
Professional Certificate Program in Business Analysis
Purdue University
Professional Certificate Program in Digital Transformation
Purdue University
Masters program
Business Analyst
13 courses | Duration: 11 Months
In collaboration with
IBM
11 tools & Rigorous Curriculum
Quality Management
POPULAR COURSES
Certified Lean Six Sigma Green Belt
Certified Lean Six Sigma Black Belt
Lean Management
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Post Graduate Program in Lean Six Sigma
University of Massachusetts Amherst
Professional Certificate Program in Digital Supply Chain Management
Purdue University
Masters program
Lean Six Sigma Expert
7 courses | Duration: 11 Months
Accredited By
IASSC
Rigorous Curriculum
Software Development
POPULAR COURSES
Python Training
Node.js Training
Selenium 3.0 Training
Java Certification Training
Salesforce Administrator & App Builder
Angular Training
.NET Programming
SQL Training
Introduction to IoT
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Post Graduate Program in Full Stack Web Development
Caltech CTME
Professional Certificate Program in Blockchain by IIT Kanpur
IIT Kanpur
Masters program
Full Stack Web Developer - MEAN Stack
6 courses | Duration: 11 Months
14 tools & 4 Industry projects
Automation Testing Masters Program
6 courses | Duration: 11 Months
8 tools & 1 Industry projects
Agile and Scrum
POPULAR COURSES
Certified ScrumMaster
®
(CSM)
Agile Scrum Master
PMI-ACP
®
Certification
Certified Scrum Product Owner
®
(CSPO)
Professional Scrum Product Owner
Professional Scrum Master
Certified Scrum Developer
Leading SAFe ® 5.1 training with SAFe Agilist Certification
Kanban Management Professional (KMP)-1 Kanban System Design course
ICP-ACC (ICAgile Certified Agile Coaching) course
POPULAR COURSES
Advanced Certified ScrumMaster (A-CSM)
SAFe 5 Scrum Master
SAFe Product Owner/Product Manager (POPM) Certification Training
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
IT Service and Architecture
POPULAR COURSES
ITIL
®
4 Foundation
TOGAF® 9 Combined level 1 and level 2 training course
ITIL® 4 Strategist: Direct, Plan, and Improve
ITIL® 4 Specialist: Create, Deliver and Support
ITIL® 4 Specialist: Drive Stakeholder Value
ITIL® 4 Specialist: High Velocity IT
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
Masters program
ITIL
®
Managing Professional (MP)
4 courses | Duration: 11 Months
Rigorous Curriculum
Digital Marketing
POPULAR COURSES
Advanced Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Program
Advanced Social Media Program
Advanced Pay Per Click (PPC) Program
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Professional Certificate Program in Digital Marketing
Purdue University
Masters program
Digital Marketing Specialist
14 courses | Duration: 11 Months
Certification Alignment
Facebook Blueprint_New_White
,
Google
29 tools & Rigorous Curriculum
Big Data
POPULAR COURSES
Big Data Hadoop and Spark Developer
MongoDB Developer and Administrator
AWS Data Analytics Certification Training
EXPLORE THE CATEGORY
University PROGRAMs
Professional Certificate Program in Data Engineering
Purdue University
Masters program
Big Data Engineer
10 courses | Duration: 11 Months
In Collaboration With
IBM
14 tools & Rigorous Curriculum
Resources
Corporate training
Become an Instructor
Partners
Digital transformation
Reviews
© 2009 - 2023 - Simplilearn Solutions
Follow us!
Refer and Earn
Company
About us
Careers
In the media
Alumni speak
Contact us
Work with us
Become an instructor
Blog as guest
Discover
Skillup
Resources
RSS feed
City Sitemap
For Businesses
Corporate training
Partners
Digital Transformation
Learn On the Go!
Get the Android App
Get the iOS App
Trending Post Graduate Programs
Artificial Intelligence Course
|
Cloud Computing Certification Course
|
Full Stack Web Development Course
|
PG in Data Science
|
MS in Artificial Intelligence
|
Product Management Certification Course
|
Blockchain Course
|
Project Management Certification Course
|
Cyber Security Certification Course
|
Lean Six Sigma Certification Course
|
Advanced Certificate Program in Data Science
|
Data Analytics Program
|
AI and ML Course
|
Business Analysis Certification Course
|
DevOps Certification Course
Trending Master Programs
PMP Plus Certification Training Course
|
Data Science Certifiation Course
|
Data Analyst Course
|
Masters in Artificial Intelligence
|
Cloud Architect Certification Training Course
|
DevOps Engineer Certification Training Course
|
Digital Marketing Course
|
Cyber Security Expert Course
|
MEAN Stack Developer Course
|
Business Analyst Course
Trending Courses
PMP Certification Training Course
|
CSM Certification Course
|
Data Science with Python Course
|
Tableau Certification Course
|
Power BI Certification Course
|
TOGAF Certification Course
|
ITIL 4 Foundation Certification Training Course
|
AWS Solutions Architect Certification Training Course
|
CISSP Certification Training
|
Java Certification Course
|
Python Certification Training Course
|
Big Data Hadoop Course
Trending Resources
Python Tutorial
|
JavaScript Tutorial
|
Java Tutorial
|
Angular Tutorial
|
Node.js Tutorial
|
Docker Tutorial
|
Git Tutorial
|
Kubernetes Tutorial
|
Power BI Tutorial
|
CSS Tutorial
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Reschedule Policy
Address: Level 28, 303 Collins St, Melbourne, 3000  Phone No: 1-800-982-536
© 2009-2023 - Simplilearn Solutions. All Rights Reserved. The certification names are the trademarks of their respective owners.
smpl_2023-02-19
Disclaimer
PMP, PMI, PMBOK, CAPM, PgMP, PfMP, ACP, PBA, RMP, SP, and OPM3 are registered marks of the Project Management Institute, Inc.
*According to Simplilearn survey conducted and subject to
terms & conditions
with Ernst & Young LLP (EY) as Process Advisors
Request a callback
Call us on
1-800-982-536
Live Chat
Call Us
Chat
Query?
Need Help?
Live Chat
Contact Us
Request more information
For individuals
For business
Name
*
Email
*
{{($index != '10')?country.code+"   -  "+country.name:'---------------------------------------------------'}}
Phone Number
*
{{courseObj.name | htmlToPlaintext}}
Your Message (Optional)
By providing your contact details, you agree to our
Privacy Policy
CONTACT US
We are looking into your query.
Our consultants will get in touch with you soon.
A Simplilearn representative will get back to you in one business day.
First Name*
Last Name*
Work Email*
{{($index != '10')?country.code+"   -  "+country.name:'---------------------------------------------------'}}
Phone Number
*
Company*
Job Title*
By providing your contact details, you agree to our
Privacy Policy
SUBMIT
Talk to us and get
expert advice
Yes, call now!