Privacy Policy - KFin Technologies Private Limited | KFintech
Solutions
Mutual Fund Solutions
Ensuring ease of Investors across platforms
Global Business Solutions
Efficient & Effective optimization of resources
Corporate Registry
Curating Innovative and tech driven services
Private Wealth Management
Perfect solution gateway for portfolio Information
National Pension System
Smartly segregating savings and spending
Alternatives
One place for End-to-End Financial management
                                solutions.
Global Fund Solutions
Serving world class services across schemes
Products
Investors
Ensuring ease of Investors across platforms
Distributors
Curating Innovative and tech driven services
Corporate
Smartly segregating savings and spending
AMC/AIF/Portfolio Managers
Serving world class services across schemes
View all Products
Investors
Distributors
Corporate
AMC/AIF/Portfolio Managers
CORPORATE REGISTRY
IPO
MUTUAL FUND SOLUTIONS
NATIONAL PENSION SYSTEM
Wealth Ops
MUTUAL FUND SOLUTIONS
NATIONAL PENSION SYSTEM
Wealth Ops
CORPORATE REGISTRY
GLOBAL BUSINESS SOLUTIONS
IPO
IPO & Corporate Registry
MUTUAL FUND SOLUTIONS
NATIONAL PENSION SYSTEM
GFS
MUTUAL FUND SOLUTIONS
Wealth Ops
About Us
About KFintech
Experience the why of KFintech's existence.
KFintech Story
Explore our brand identity & download brand kit.
ESG
Our environmental, social, and governance initiatives.
CSR
Our corporate social responsibility intiatives.
Portfolio Companies
WebileApps
Accelerating digital transformation and solutions for businesses.
OneMoney
Fintech products and solutions related to account aggregator services.
Hexagram
Fund accounting and fund administration services.
Careers
Blogs
Shareholder
                  Relations
Contact Us
Visit Malaysia
Stay on Global
PRIVACY POLICY
Applicability
This privacy policy is applicable to the website
www.kfintech.com
. We
        respect the right to privacy of everyone who visits this site. KFintech is committed to protecting your privacy
        and working towards offering you an effective and safe online experience. However, users and viewers are
        informed that by using the website,
www.kfintech.com
, they are deemed
        to have consented to the collection and use of information by KFintech as stated in the policy.
Information Collection and Use
To avail some of the services it may be necessary for you to provide us with details that personally identify
        you. Any personal information that you share with us, like your name, date of birth, address, marital status,
        telephone number, credit card particulars and the like, shall be entitled to privacy and kept confidential.
        KFintech does not collect personal information about individuals except when such individuals specifically
        provide such information on a voluntary basis. Personal information of users of KFintech website will not be
        sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties unless we are legally entitled or required to do so
        or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and/or defend our rights, property or personal safety
        and those of our users/customers etc or without the approval of the user as the case may be. While KFintech
        assures you that it will do its best to ensure the privacy and security of your personal information, it shall
        not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for any violation or misuse of your personal information by
        unauthorised persons consequent to misuse of the internet environment. By providing information through this
        site, you acknowledge and consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifying information of
        the type and for the limited purposes as described in this Policy. KFintech may collect unnamed statistics,
        which does not personally identify you. KFintech reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user
        behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site. KFintech
        notifies that the information you provide to us may be transmitted and stored in a country other than where you
        reside for maintenance and any other purpose as may be permitted under applicable laws, rules and regulations
        from time to time.
Usage by minors
www.kfintech.com
is not intended for use by children and minors.
        Parents are requested to ensure that personal information is not provided by minors on
www.kfintech.com
. However, this does not intend to prohibit
        information on minors and children being provided by the parents with respect to any service offered by
www.kfintech.com
or any other third party permitted to offer any
        product or service on its site, which are beneficial to or are designed for the benefit of children and minors.
Value of investments as stated on the site
The value of your investment(s) as stated on the site is based on yesterday’s published unit prices- (NAV) and
        unit balance currently recorded. The unit price shown may differ from the actual unit price for your investment
        due to change in NAV. The unit balance may not include recent transactions that have not yet been processed.
Use of Cookies
Users are also made aware that certain information and data may be automatically collected through the standard
        operation of KFintech internet servers or through the use of “cookies.” “Cookies” is a term generally used for
        small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use
        of the site, allow a site to track usage behaviour and compile aggregate data that will allow content
        improvements, etc. Cookies themselves do not personally identify you, but they do identify your computer. You
        can erase or block this information by changing the settings on your computer. If you do erase or block this
        information you may not be able to utilise some features of the site.
Link to other sites
For your convenience, this page may contain certain hyperlinks to other sites. While we try to link only to
        sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the
        privacy practices employed by other sites. We recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and
        contact the owner or operator of such website if you have any concerns or questions.
Newsgroups, Message Boards, Chats
KFintech believes in promoting amity among users to promote collaboration and free exchange of ideas. At any
        time this site may offer chat rooms, message board facilities, newsgroups etc. During such activities, you may
        provide your personal information beyond what has been given in your personal profile. KFintech Privacy Policy
        excludes information transmitted through these activities. While KFintech encourages you to actively participate
        in such activities, it advises you to be careful in sharing your personal information and respect the privacy of
        its other users.
Data Security
KFintech has endeavoured to take reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to and improper use of your
        personal data submitted to KFintech via your use of this site. KFintech shall adopt suitable measures to
        diagnose any problems with its server and to administer the web site
www.kfintech.com
including by blocking certain addresses that it
        feels are inappropriately using its website.
Changes in the policy
KFintech reserves the right to change this policy at any time. If KFintech decides to change this policy, such
        changes will be posted on this page as soon as possible. Users may note that this Privacy Policy itself and any
        such change of policy may be effective from the date announced by KFintech and not from the date of posting on
        the site. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual
        or other legal rights in favour of any user or viewer of KFintech or on behalf of any other party.
KFintech serves the mission-critical needs of asset managers with clients spanning mutual funds,
          AIFs (alternative investments), pension, wealth managers and corporates in India and abroad.
          The company provides SaaS based end-to-end transaction management, channel management, compliance solutions,
          data analytics and various other digital services to asset managers across segments, as well as outsourcing
          services for global players.
ABOUT US
About KFintech
Careers
Contact Us
MUTUAL FUND SOLUTIONS
Distributor
                Solutions
Channel Partner
                Solutions
Mutual Fund Investor Solutions
Korp Connect
RIA Solutions
AIF Investors
AMC Solutions
Financial Solutions
CORPORATE REGISTRY
Karisma
Evoting
Fintraks
Kprism
Kreation
NATIONAL PENSION SYSTEM
NPS
CRA Login
GLOBAL BUSINESS SOLUTIONS
Mortgage Solutions
Investors
                Solutions
Legal Solutions
Finance & Accounting Solutions
OTHER SOLUTIONS
GFS
PWM
PMS
AIF
LEGAL & PRIVACY
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
QRTA SEBI Guidelines
Disclosures
GET IN TOUCH
+91-40-67162222
/
7961 1000
91000 94099
einward.ris@kfintech.com
investorsupport.mfs@kfintech.com
kfinkart.support@kfintech.com
kfinkart.distsupport@kfintech.com
reachus@kfintech.com
© Copyright KFintech 2022 | All Rights Reserved.
CONNECT WITH US
Here
For
You
© Copyright KFintech 2022 | All Rights Reserved.