YubituSoft | Software Solutions | Android - Windows - Linux
PRIVACY POLICY
At YubituSoft we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our clients and protecting the device information collected, and used in connection with YubituSoft products and services.
This Privacy Policy to guide how we collect, and use the information you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you use our services.
Score of Privacy
This Privacy Policy applies only to device information submitted and collected through the Services. By installing, using, registering to or otherwise accessing the Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not install, use, register to or otherwise access the Services. We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly. Your continued used of the Services will signify your acceptance to the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Device Information
In running and maintaining our apps we may collect and process the following data about you:
a. Information about your use of our apps including details of your usages such as device name and the resources that you access.
b. Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer fin order to assist us in improving our website.
We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie.  Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer's hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever
Use of Information
We use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you.  In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:
1. To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.
2. To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information.
3. To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in. 
Where your consent has been provided in advance we may allow selected third parties to use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods and services which we believe may interest you.  Where such consent has been provided it can be withdrawn by you at any time.
Safeguards
We will not disclose your information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
1. In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer.
2. Where we are legally required by law to disclose your device information.
3. To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy at:
yubitusoft@gmail.com