Privacy Policy
COVID-19 information
MY BOOKINGS/CHECK IN
HELP
About your invoice
Contact us
FAQ
Find a location
Print an Invoice
Terms & Conditions
Deals
ALL DEALS
Best Europcar deals
European deals
Worldwide deals
Sign up to Newsletter
Special deals
Pay online and save
Need a hotel?
Partner deals
Airline partners
Hotel partners
Rail partners
Credit cards deals
More partners
Locations
Find a station
Top Countries
Australia
France
Germany
United Kingdom
Italy
Top Cities
Barcelona
Frankfurt
London
Paris
Rome
Destinations
Let's Move
Travel tips
Road trips
All destinations
Vehicles
Our fleet
selection
Van & Truck Hire
Car rental
Services
HIRE BY THE HOUR
Europcar extras
Protection
Full tank options
GPS / Satnav
Young driver
See all extras
Europcar services
Privilege Loyalty program
Online Check-in - Quick pick-up
One way - Rent for just $1
Delivery & Collection
2nd Move - Used cars
Our partners
ECO - Rent a Car India
Times Car Rental - Japan
Fox Rent a Car
Shouqi - China
Routes - Canada
Business
New customer
For you
Services
About us
Advanced
Search
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Cookie policy
Damage Management Policy
Deposit Policy
Europcar Insurance and Protection
Online Booking Terms and Conditions
Online Registration Terms and Conditions
Prepayment Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions of hire per country
Privilege Loyalty Program Specific Terms
Privilege Loyalty Program Specific Terms per country
Security and Privacy Policy
Terms of use of the site
General Terms and Conditions for Keddy UK by Europcar
Automated Key collection Service
Specific Privacy Policy for Europcar Premium Pick up (Portugal)
Specific Terms & Conditions Europcar Premium Pick up (Portugal)
Privacy Policy
Preamble
This privacy policy is composed of 2 parts:
one for
processing activities performed by the parent company
, Europcar International S.A.S.U.
one for
processing activities performed by Europcar local entities (franchises or subsidiaries entities)
Europcar® is the European leader of car rental and light commercial vehicle rental and operates in over 140 countries, via fully owned subsidiaries and agents. A Europcar branded vehicle hire station can be operated by a company member of Europcar Mobility Group.
When renting a car at Europcar, your Personal Data will be processed by Europcar International S.A.S.U. in particular for management of your online account and booking and by Europcar local entities, which deliver the service locally.
Part 1 - Processing activities performed by Europcar International S.A.S.U
The Part 1 of this Privacy Policy does not apply to our franchisees and subsidiaries and to their websites or mobile applications.
As the parent company of Europcar Mobility Group,
Europcar International S.A.S.U.
whose registered office is at 13 ter Boulevard Berthier, 75017, Paris (hereinafter referred to as “we”, “us” or “our(s)”) is the "
Data Controller
" of your Personal Data collected and processed via this website and our mobile applications for the purposes defined below.
When you communicate your Personal Data to us or when we collect Personal Data about you, we undertake to use it in accordance with this information notice.
1. What Personal Data do we collect about you?
As Europcar Mobility Group parent company, Europcar International S.A.S.U. collects and processes various categories of Personal Data in connection with this website and our mobile applications in order to allow you to benefit from the products.
By
Personal Data
, we mean not only data that identifies you directly, but also data that identifies you indirectly like your Driver ID or the Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) attached to your rental vehicle.
The categories of Personal Data that we collect include the following:
-
Your identification data
: surname, first name, email address, telephone number, postal address, date of birth, account identifier
-If applicable, identification data of
additional driver
(s): surname, first name, email address, telephone number, postal address
-Your
driver's license
and that of any additional driver(s) if you upload your driver license online;
-
Payment data
: account numbers, card numbers etc;
-
Information on your vehicle reservation
, in particular for the management of any loyalty programs;
-
Data relating to your navigation
on our website or our mobile applications;
-
Data relating to your satisfaction surveys
.
2. For what purposes do we process your Personal Data?
We collect and process your Personal Data for various purposes and on the following legal bases:
Purposes of the processing
Legal basis of the processing
Creating and managing your online
customer account
on our website or mobile applications.
This processing activity is based on the acceptance of the terms and conditions of use of our website or our mobile applications.
Managing your
reservation
and
rental contract
through a central booking engine, in particular to:
- collect the data necessary to organize your booking
- communicate this data to the concerned service
- manage your payment
These processing activities are based on our legitimate interest to ensure the execution of the rental services contract that you enter into.
You can choose to register your credit card for your future bookings.
Sending you emails about
special offers and promotions
to promote our products and services.
This processing activity is subject to your consent.
Sending you an email in order to collect your
feedback
on your rental.
This process is based on our legitimate interest to have a better knowledge of its customers' needs and to improve its services and customer service.
Managing your
loyalty program
and third party partnership loyalty program
This processing is based on the execution of the loyalty program terms and conditions.
The operation of the
"chat"
in real time on our website.
This processing is based on your consent collected via the cookies banner
Conducting
satisfaction surveys
to improve your experience with our products / services
This processing is based on our legitimate interest to improve our knowledge of our customers' needs and to improve our services and customer service.
Analysis of the navigation data on our website and mobile applications
Please refer to our Cookie Policy.
3. Who are the recipients of your Personal Data?
3.1. Categories of recipients
Your personal data may be communicated to our employees, our authorized representatives, other companies within our Group and our agents and intermediaries mandated to provide you with our products and services and if necessary:
a. to the relevant Europcar agency that will deliver our service, in particular for the purposes described below (see Part 2);
b. to our subcontractors, in particular our IT service providers for hosting, maintenance or development purposes, who assist us in providing you with our products and services. These may be entities that are members of our Group or external service providers;
c. marketing agencies to help us collect and analyses our customer satisfaction;
d. to our partners or those of our Group, in particular to enable you to collect loyalty points when you are a member of their program. The list of Europcar Mobility Group partners is available below :
- AAdvantage
- Accor Hotel
- Aeroflot
- Air Europa
- American Express Rewards
- Asia Miles
- Biglife SDN BHD (Air Asia)
- Delta Airlines
- Ecos Mobility & Hospitality Private Limited
- Emirates SkyWard
- Finnair Plus
- Fly SAS
- Flying Blue
- Gulf Air Falcon Flyer
- Lufthansa
- Melia Rewards
- Miles & More
- Oman Air Sindbad
- Qatar Privilege Club
- Parc Asterix
- Radisson Rewards
- Routes Car Rental
- Royal Air Maroc
- Shouqi Car Rental & Leasing Limited Liability Company
- Silvercar
- Singapore Krsiflyer
- TAP Miles & Go
- Times Mobility Co LTD
- Turkish Airlines
- Ubeeqo
- UIA Panorama Club
We may also disclose your personal data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations to the relevant authorities.
3.2. International transfers
In order to provide you with our products and services, we may use service providers located outside the European Union. In the event that the vehicle is booked abroad, data transfers will be carried out in the country in question in order to provide you with our mobility solutions.
Depending on the assumptions, some recipients may be located in countries recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection of personal data or in countries that have not been recognized by the European Commission as providing such a level of protection. In any case, we have implemented appropriate protection measures to protect your personal data in accordance with data protection regulations.
4. How long do we keep your Personal Data?
Your personal data are kept for different periods of time, depending on the purposes of the processing concerned:
Purposes of the processing
Data retention periods
Creating and managing your online
customer account
on our website or mobile application.
3 years from the end of the contractual relation or until confirmation of deletion of your account, if you request it.
Managing your
reservation
and
rental contract
through a central booking engine, in particular to:
- collect the data necessary to organize your reservation
- communicate this data to the concerned agency operating the service
- manage your payment
5 years from the end of the rental
Sending you emails about
special offers and promotions
to promote our products and services.
- If you are a Europcar customer, 3 years from the end of the business relationship with EC.
- If you are not a Europcar customer, 3 years from the collection of your personal data OR from the last time you requested information from us
Sending you an email in order to collect your
feedback
on your rental.
12 months from the data collection
Managing your
loyalty program
and third party partnership loyalty program
For the time of your membership in the loyalty program and then until 4 years from the end of the validity of your loyalty points
The operation of the
"chat"
in real time on our website.
3 years from your last commercial contact with us
Conducting
satisfaction surveys
to improve your experience with our products / services
12 months from your answer to our satisfaction survey.
Analysis of navigation data on our website and mobile applications.
Please refer to our Cookie Policy.
5. What rights can you exercise regarding the processing of your Personal Data?
Within the limits and conditions allowed by the regulations in force, you can:
-
access
to your Personal Data and obtain further information on the characteristics of the processing we carry out;
- have your Personal Data
corrected, updated and deleted
, it being specified that deletion can only be carried out when (i) the data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was processed, (ii) you withdraw your consent and there is no other legal basis for the processing, (iii) you object to the processing of your personal data and there is no compelling legitimate reason for the processing (iv) it has been established that your personal data has been processed unlawfully, (v) the personal data must be deleted in order to comply with one of our legal obligations
- you
object
to the processing of your Personal Data based on legitimate interest, which you can check by taking a look the table shown in the part “For what purposes do we process your Personal Data” and in particular the column “Legal basis of the processing”
- you
object
to the processing of your Personal Data for commercial prospecting purposes
-
receive
the personal data you have provided us with or request us to pass them on to a third party when the processing of your personal data (i) has been carried out by automated means and (ii) is based on your consent or on the execution of a contract binding us
-
request the limitation
of the processing of your Personal Data, which means that we will not be able to use your Personal Data for a defined period of time. You can exercise this right when:
a) you dispute the accuracy of your personal data for a period of time that allows us to verify the accuracy of your personal data;
b) the processing of personal data is unlawful and you object to the deletion of your personal data and instead demand that its use be restricted;
c) we no longer need your Personal Data but they are still required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
d) you object to the processing for reasons relating to your particular situation, while we are checking whether the legitimate reasons pursued by us take precedence over your own.
-
withdrawing your consent
to treatment based on your consent
-
submit a complaint
to a Supervisory Authority. In France, you can contact the Commission nationale de l'informatique et des libertés (CNIL) at cnil.fr.
6. How do you exercise your rights?
If you would like to know more about the provisions of this information notice or to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can also write to us at the following address : 13 ter Boulevard Berthier, 75017, Paris , or by e-mail to: dpo@europcar.com
To exercise your rights, you must prove your identity by clearly indicating your surname, first names, driver ID and any useful information enabling us to identify you (such as the place and date of your last vehicle rental). You must also give us the e-mail address or the physical address to which you would like the reply to be sent to you.
7. How do we protect your Personal Data?
Europcar International S.A.S.U is committed to protecting the information it collects through our website and mobile applications. In particular, Europcar International S.A.S.U uses appropriate physical, technical and organizational security measures to prevent unauthorized or unlawful processing, accidental loss of or destruction of or damage to your personal data.
8. Changes to this information notice
This information notice regarding the Processing Activities performed by Europcar International was last updated on April 20th, 2022.
Part 2 - Processing Activities performed by Europcar local entities (i.e Europcar Franchisees or subsidiaries)
Europcar Local Entities (Franchisees or subsidiaries) that provide you the services, may implement other processing activities regarding your Personal Data.
We invite you to consult their Privacy Policy which is accessible on their own local website for any question relating to the protection of your Personal Data processed by these Europcar Local Entities.
Download
Print
Contact us
About your booking
View, modify or cancel a booking
Manage my booking
Print your invoice
Business center
Corporate account
Travel agents
Tour operators
Business solutions
Europcar Mobility Group
About
Goldcar
InterRent
Media
Careers
Ubeeqo
Legal information
Damage Management Policy
Deposit Policy
Protection package details
Security and privacy policy
Terms and conditions
More information
FAQ
Contact us
Europcar on mobile
Find a rental location
Green policy
Sign up to Newsletter
Same smart app. More mobility.
Download the Europcar mobile app for iPhone, iPad and Android now!
More information
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Finland
France
Germany
Ireland
Italy
New-Zealand
Portugal
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United-Kingdom
Other Europcar websites :
Abu Dhabi
Africa
Albania
Argentina
Armenia
Bahrain
Belarus
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Chile
China
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Rep
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
Dubai
Egypt
Estonia
Fiji
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Georgia
Greece
Guadeloupe
Hungary
Iceland
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Malta
Martinique
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Middle East
Moldova
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Netherlands
Norway
Oman
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Qatar
Reunion Island
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Sri Lanka
Suriname
Tanzania
Thailand
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
Uruguay
Vanuatu
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Site Map
Legal mentions
Cookies, Security and Private policy
@ Europcar 2021