Privacy policy
Possibilities
Products
DENT Gigastore
DENT Carrier SDK
DBOS
DENT App
About
Contact
Privacy and Cookies Statement
About us
www.dentwireless.com and associated DENT Wireless mobile applications (each the “Website”) are operated by, and the services (“Services”) are provided by, DENT Wireless Limited (“DENT Wireless”, “we” or “us”). We are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with the registration number 2077990 and registered offices at 3rd Floor Yamraj Building, Market Square, P.O. Box 3175, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands. DENT WIRELESS LIMITED is a registered business name of DENT Wireless. All correspondence in relation to any DENT Wireless company should be sent to the above mentioned address.
‍
What is DENT Wireless’s Privacy Policy?
At DENT Wireless, we always respect our customers’ privacy and personal information and we take this matter very seriously. We have worked very hard to earn our members’ trust and keeping it is our top priority. That’s why we comply with the obligations that are laid out under data protection laws. We want you to know our Privacy Policy so that you can know exactly how we use any personal data that you provide us with.
This Privacy Policy will apply to your Personal Data collected through the Website. We recommend that you read the Privacy Policy Statement carefully. Please note that by visiting and clicking “Create Account” when registering on the Website, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy Statement. Capitalized terms not defined here shall have the meaning given to them in the
terms and conditions
.
‍
What about other websites linked on this Website?
DENT Wireless is a unique company because we have partnerships with a variety of different mobile (virtual) network operators around the world. We will frequently post links to some of our partners’ websites; however, please note that DENT Wireless is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites.
‍
Data Collected
What data does DENT Wireless collect?
There are two types of data that we collect:"Personal Data” – This is information that identifies you or can be used to identify you.
We may collect and process the following Personal Data about you:
Your name;
Your email address;
Your billing address;
Your credit or debit card details (however, we only retain certain digits);Your telephone number;
Your IP address;
Other information you provide by filling in forms on the Website. This includes information you provide at the time of registering on the Website;
We may also ask for information if you report a problem with the Website;
If you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence;
Details of the Top-up transactions you carry out on, and your visits to, the Website;
We also collect and process the received mobile telephone number that you provide to us. This is necessary to facilitate the sending of Top-up to that number.
"Non-Personal Data”- Like most other websites, DENT Wireless gathers statistical and analytical information. This is what we call Non-Personal Data. Unlike Personal Data, this information cannot be used to identify or contact you. Examples of Non-Personal Data include browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of the Website.
How does DENT Wireless collect this Non-Personal Data?
At DENT Wireless we are always looking to improve the Website and Services and help our customers as much as possible, and collecting this data is an important way of achieving this. We want to get a better understanding of where our customers come from, what they like and what improvements they want from DENT Wireless. We are always looking to develop, grow and innovate. This data is a crucial part of the process.
‍
Use of Your Personal Data
We may use this Personal Data for the following:
To help you send the Top-up that you have requested and to process any payment connected with that Top-up request;
To contact you if it's required in relation to the Top-up that you have sent, or to reply to any communications that you might have sent us;
To provide you with information on products or services that might interest you;
To notify you about any changes to the Website or Services;
To ensure that content on the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer;
To provide you with customer care;
For marketing analysis; and
For security and fraud prevention purposes.
‍
‍
Cookies
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small text file of letters and numbers that is stored by the browser on your computer when you visit certain websites. A cookie allows a website to distinguish your computer from other users’ computers.
Do Cookies hold my Personal Data?
Generally speaking, cookies do not contain Personal Data unless you have already given this information to the Website.
What Type of Cookies Do the Websites Use and For What Purposes?
The websites use cookies which fall into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These allow you to remain logged in for the duration of your visit to the websites and enable you to take actions without having to login again.
Functional Cookies
These allow the websites to remember certain details about the choices you make (e.g. the language with which you are browsing the websites) to provide you with a better experience of using the websites.
Analytical Cookies
These allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors to the websites. They also allow us to calculate how long you spend on the websites and to see how you arrived at the websites. They help DENT Wireless to improve the way the websites work.
What Type of Cookies Do the Mobile Applications Use?
The DENT Wireless mobile applications do not use cookies. The apps do retrieve an advertising number from your device which is stored securely in the app itself - this number is used to identify how a user initially found the app (e.g. through which advertising campaign) and for app analysis purposes via third party analytics services.
Can I block or delete Cookies?
Yes, you can if that is what you choose to do. Note that this may make it less convenient for you to use our websites.
How to disable Cookies?
Click here (link to be added) for information on how to disable cookies from some of the more popular web browsers.
‍
Third Parties
Does DENT Wireless give Personal Data to third parties?
We will never disclose your Personal Data to any third party unless you have agreed to this or unless the third party is required to process the Personal Data in connection with the Top-up service you have requested.Your credit or debit card details are processed by a world leading provider of online payments processing which stores the card details if you request so that you do not need to enter them each time you visit the Website.When you use the DENT Wireless Top-up service, we disclose the receiving mobile telephone number to the relevant mobile operator (which may be located in a country outside of the EEA) in order to facilitate the sending of Top-up to that number.
If you are a resident of the European Union - Dent Wireless, for the purpose of performing its contract with you may transfer, process and store or have one of its service providers to transfer, process and store your Personal Data to / in jurisdictions that are outside the EEA some of which have not deemed adequate by the European Commission in relation to privacy and personal data standards and safeguard as provided by the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (the “EU GDPR”) .
We, however, will make our best efforts to ensure that Personal Data when transferred, processed and stored in jurisdiction outside the EEA will receive an adequate level of protection. We will do this through agreements based on the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission.When you use the DENT Wireless services, your Personal Data is disclosed to DENT Wireless’s platform service provider (located in the U.S.) in order to facilitate your international long distance call.The following information is processed by the platform service provider:
Date and time of the international long distance call;
Telephone number making the call;
Access number used;
The region and telephone number called;
Duration of the call;
Customer Account balance before and after the call;
Information provided in course of customer care
‍
We may disclose your Personal Data if we are required to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
Does DENT Wireless give Non-Personal Data to third parties?
We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties (for example mobile operators) regarding the number of unique users who visit our Website, the demographic breakdown of users of our Website, or the activities of users on our Website.
What can people learn from this Non-Personal Data?
There are a lot of useful things to be learned from this information. For example, it can help potential advertisers, providers of advertising services, commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researchers and other similar parties.
What if DENT Wireless is bought by another company?
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your Personal Data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company. The third party must only use your Personal Data for the purposes that you provided it to us in the first place. You will be notified in the event of any such transfer and you will be afforded an opportunity to opt-out.
Can anything go wrong with the information sent?
As you will know, the nature of the internet is such that we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you send to us. This isn’t unique to DENT Wireless though because no data that is sent over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Any company that tells you otherwise is talking nonsense. We do however take every step reasonably possible to protect your Personal Data.
‍
Direct Marketing
Will DENT Wireless use my Personal Data for direct marketing purposes?
Where you have consented, we may use your Personal Data to send you information by SMS or email relating to our products and services which may be of interest to you or similar products and services to those you have previously purchased from DENT Wireless.
DENT Wireless does not sell or share your Personal Data with subsidiary companies or third parties for marketing or profit purposes.
Can I opt-out/unsubscribe?
You will be provided with an opportunity to opt-out at the point of registration. You can also opt-out at any time, free of charge, by using the unsubscribe facility in the SMS or email that DENT Wireless sends to you or by sending an email to customercare@dentwireless.com.
‍
Other Questions
Where is my Personal Data held?
Your Personal Data is held on our secure servers which are hosted by a third party service provider in the cloud.
Can I update, correct or erase my Personal Data?
Of course you can. Please tell us about any changes or inaccuracies in your Personal Data and we will update, correct or erase your Personal Data as requested. There is no charge for this and we will comply with your request as soon as practicable and in any event within not more than 40 days of receipt of your request.Please contact us at customercare@dentwireless.com.
Can DENT Wireless change its Privacy Policy Statement?
Any changes to DENT Wireless's Privacy and Cookies Statement will be posted clearly on our Website. We do this because we always want our customers to know exactly what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we ever decide to use Personal Data in a manner that is different from what has previously been stated then we will notify you by email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we can use your information in this new manner.This Privacy Policy Statement was last updated 08.01.2020.
‍
Retention of Personal Data
DENT Wireless will store and retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it for, or for other legitimate purposes, including to meet any legal, regulatory, tax or other compliance regulation. The period for which we will retain your Personal Data will vary depending when you will cease to hold an account with us or any later date if we are required so by law or any applicable regulation.
Can I withdraw my consent given to DENT Wireless pursuant to this Privacy Policy Statement?
You have the right to withdraw at any time your consent on how we use your Personal Data. If you choose to do so we may not be You have the right to withdraw at any time your consent on how we use your Personal Data. If you choose to do so we may not be able to provide our products and services to you. If you wish to exercise the above right please email us at
customercare@dentwireless.com.
How can I get in contact with DENT Wireless?
For the purpose of the EU GDPR and the local legislation of our place of incorporation our data controller can be contacted by sending your enquiry by post to the address in the British Virgin Islands set out in this Privacy Policy above or by email at
customercare@dentwireless.com.
How can I get in contact with DENT Wireless?
For the purpose of the EU GDPR and the local legislation of our place of incorporation our data controller can be contacted by sending your enquiry by post to the address in the British Virgin Islands set out in this Privacy Policy above or by email at
customercare@dentwireless.com.
If you have any questions about your Personal Data, this Privacy Policy or any complaints then please feel free to contact our data controller by email at
customercare@dentwireless.com.
You also have the right to make a complaint to the British Virgin Islands’ Office of the Information Commissioner or a supervisory authority in the EU member state of your usual residence. Please contact us in the first instance; we would appreciate to be given a chance to deal with your concerns before you approach any authority.
Copyright © 2023 DENT Wireless Limited.
All rights reserved
DENT Gigastore
Carrier SDK
DBOS
DENT App
About
Privacy policy
Terms & Conditions
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Telegram
YouTube
LinkedIn