Privacy Policy
Last update: December 9th, 2021.
This is the privacy policy of the Android application Business Calendar 2 (“Business Calendar 2”, “the application”, “the app”) that explains how we, Appgenix Software UG (“Appgenix”, “we”, “our” or “us”) use, store and process the information that we collect from the end users (“you”) through the application and its services. We as a company are committed to transparency and to protecting the privacy of your personal data. We recommend you to read this privacy policy thoroughly and contact us if you have any questions.
Our privacy policy may be altered or updated in time. Should the privacy policy change, we will update this page.
1. Email support
When you send an email to the Business Calendar 2 support, we keep the record of our communication. This includes your email, name and the conversation history.
This helps us develop, deliver, protect and improve our products, services, content and customer communication.
2. Third-party services
Based on legitimate interests (in the sense of Art.
6
lit. f. GDPR) Business Calendar 2 uses the third-party services provided by Google LLC ("Google") and
Verizon Media
to collect and store data.
This data is used to
continuously
improve and maintain Business Calendar 2. This data is transferred to, stored and processed in the United States and other countries where the listed services operate. Google is certified under both the
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks.
2.1 Flurry Analytics (Verizon Media service)
This service collects:
device-specific information (like model and operating system version)
anonymized IP addresses
Android ID
usage data
The collection of the Advertising ID has been disabled to protect your privacy.
The data collected by Flurry Analytics will not be shared with other Flurry features. The data also will not be shared with other Flurry products and services, not be used for benchmarking and is not shared with Flurry technical support, marketing or sales specialists.
You can disable sending data to Flurry Analytics in Business Calendar 2 under Settings → Privacy.
You can opt-out from all Flurry Analytics services here:
Flurry Analytics opt-out
.
2.2 Flurry Crash Reporting (Verizon Media service)
This service collects:
device-specific information (like model and operating system version)
installation UUID
crash traces
You can disable sending crash data to Flurry Crash Reporting in Business Calendar 2 under Settings → Privacy.
2.3 Google Cloud Platform
This service is used for:
caching locations for the weather forecast feature
using the Google Places API for the location auto-completion feature
using the Google Tasks API for the synchronization with Google Tasks
using the Google Calendar API for creating and deleting Google calendars
2.3.1 Weather forecast
The location you provided (either by giving us the permission to use the coarse location of the device or by manually entering the location) will be send to a Google App Engine server together with an Oauth2 access token.
The Google App Engine server caches the locations for that Business Calendar 2 needs a weather forecast and periodically queries the Dark Sky API to update the forecast for the next 7 days.
No personal or pseudonymized data is transmitted to the Dark Sky API in this process.
The app gets the weather report from the Google App Engine server.
You can disable the weather forecast in the settings of the corresponding view where the weather is displayed (day, month, agenda) and in the settings of the Day Pro widget.
2.3.2 Google Places API
see 2.4
2.3.3 Google Tasks API
Business Calendar 2 uses the Google Tasks API to synchronize your tasks with Google Tasks when you have added an account in Business Calendar 2
in
Calendar & Task lists → Task lists.
2.3.4 Google Calendar API
Business Calendar 2 uses the Google Calendar API to create new Google calendars or delete existing Google calendars
in
Calendar & Task lists → Calendars.
2.4 Google Places API and TomTom Online Search API
As part of the pro features, the app provides location suggestions when you enter a location while adding or editing an event or task. Your input therefore will be send to the Google Places API or TomTom Online Search API to get the appropriate suggestions.
You can disable the location auto-completion service in the app under Settings → Create & Edit.
2.5 Further details
Detailed information on the terms and policies of the used services can be found in
the
Privacy and Security in Flurry
page
the
Google partners privacy policy,
in the
Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service
, in addition to
their
Data Processing and Security Terms
and
TomTom Privacy Police
EU Model Contract Clauses
.
3. Advertising
Business Calendar 2 is using Fyber (provided by Fyber N.V.) to show you personalized advertisements to help support and maintain our service.
The app also uses Fyber FairBid Mediation to include personalized ads from Facebook Audience Network (provided by Facebook Inc.) and AdColony (
provided by AdColony Inc.
).
You can opt out from personalized ads on your Android device by performing the following steps:
Open the settings of your Android device
Tap on “Google” / “Google Settings”
Select the option for “Ads”
Check the box “Opt out of Ads Personalization”
Furthermore, Facebook offers you different options to adjust your ad experience here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy
.
For more information on how Fyber uses the collected data, visit the
Privacy Policy of Fyber
.
For more information on how Facebook uses the collected data, have a look at the page
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
.
For more information on how AdColony uses the collected data, visit the
Privacy Policy of AdColony
.
4. Permissions
Business Calendar 2 requires certain permissions. The app only requests permissions that are needed to provide its feature set. Which permissions exactly are requested and what are they used for will be explained in detail in the following article:
https://appgenix.uservoice.com/knowledgebase/articles/597639-why-does-business-calendar-2-need-all-the-differen
5. Contact
If you have any questions, concerns or feedback regarding this privacy policy please contact us by email at
privacy@appgenix-software.com
or postal mail at:
APPGENIX SOFTWARE UG
Schönhauser Allee 48
10437 Berlin, Germany