Bycro :: Home
Photo Bender
Support
Last updated: January 2015
Privacy Policy
All
Bycro
Services are governed by this Privacy Policy, by using our Services you signify your acceptance of this policy. Please do not install or use our Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
Our Services include our website and mobile applications.
What information we collect
We are collecting non-personal information to provide better services to all of our users. When using our Services we may collect data like: application usage data, your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifier, IP adress, device event information such as crashes, language you are using on your device and other non-personal data.
On our website we are using cookies- small data files that are sent to your computer or mobile phone from a website's computer (server) and stored on your device's hard drive.
If you do not wish to accept cookies on to your device you can do so by adjusting the settings on your browser.
AboutCookies.org
provides a guide to how you can do this on the most commonly used browsers.
Third Party services
We may allow third parties to serve advertisements and provide analytics services in connection with our Services. These services may collect and use data like IP address, Device ID, MAC address, application usage data, hardware type, operating system information, browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies and other.
We are using
Flurry Analytics
in our apps, to collect application usage data. If you want to stop collecting data by Flurry, you can do so by following this instrucions guide:
Opt-Out
.
We are using
Crashlytics
to collect crash reports.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by updating the date at the top of the policy.
If you have any questions about our privacy policies, please contact us at support@bycro.com
Â© 2022 Bycro. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy