Privacy Policy (Water Time)
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy (Water Time)
Privacy Policy
General
The more important purpose to us is protecting your privacy. We hope, the following message will help you understand how we deal with the Personal Identifiable Information ('PII').
Our privacy policy is fully compliant with GDPR! We take your privacy seriously.
We don’t collect any PII from you when you download our app «Water Time». We don’t require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application. We don’t have a server to store any PII. We do not collect or store data that is necessary to synchronize with Google Fit or Apple Health.
Advertising in apps
Our app uses AdMob, Facebook Audience Network and Mopub as ads provider. These companies want to show ads that are relevant to you. For more information, check the
AdMob's Privacy Policy
,
Facebook Audience Network Privacy Policy
and
Mopub Privacy Policy
. The AdMob advertising network is currently running on both platforms, while the other ad networks are only running on the iOS platform.
Analytics
We use the Firebase service to monitor and analyze the use of our services. This is an analytical service provided by Google Inc. We recommend that you read
Google policy in relation to the protection of your data
. For more information about what type of information Firebase collects, visit
Google's privacy and terms page
.
Synchronization
To sync user data between Android devices, we use the Firebase service provided by Google Inc. For more information about syncing, see our
Terms of Use
.
Purchases
Your purchases in the app stores and in-app-purchases are handled by
Google
and
Apple
. We do not get access to your funds and banking data.
Contact the developer
When you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report – that’s the only situation we may get access to your PII. The PII we may get from you are strictly limited to your name, email address and your survey response only.
In above situation, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
To send or not to send us your feedback or bug report - is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to contact us via mobilecreatures@gmail.com, we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.
More info
Our privacy policy is similar in content and power for both Google Play (
our app
) and App Store (
our app
).
You can only use our apps if you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Otherwise, we ask you not to use our apps.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
Mobile Creatures, 2022
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse