Privacy Policy
People's Daily Privacy Policy
The People's Daily Privacy Policy (this Policy) explains how we collect, use, share, disclose and
			process your personal information through your use of our client and website (collectively as "Service"). The terms
			"Personal Information" and "Personal Data" share the same meanings under this Policy, defined as any data that can
			be used independently or in combination with other data to readily identify, contact, or locate you. Some
			unexhausted examples are your name, address, email address, or phone number. Personal Data in this Policy does not
			include data that has been aggregated and/or de-identified after which a third party would be unable to easily
			identify a particular individual.
We endeavor to optimize our Service as well as protect your privacy. If you are a child under 16,
			you shall acquire
			your parents or legal guardian's permission before using our Services or providing information to us.
We'll show you how we protect your privacy through the following sections:
ABOUT US
We, People's Daily, headquartered in Beijing, PRC, owns People's Daily client and website. We will
			provide you with all-English news and information and introduce Chinese stories to you, to make China's voice heard
			by the world and build a news and information platform between China and the world. We will collect, use, share,
			disclose and process your personal information in line with this Policy. Please contact us as at rmrbyw@pdnews.cn

			with any questions and/or reasonable requests regarding your personal information.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL
INFORMATION
We collect your information as following
Login Information
We collect your profile photo and user ID when you log into our Service with your Facebook,
			Twitter or WeChat account. Profile photo in Facebook、Twitter or WeChat will be the profile photo of your account in
			our Service with your consent. You will not be required to log in or upload any profile photo or have a user ID if
			you merely use the basic functions in our Service, such as browsing and searching.
• User's behavior information
We collect your behaviors information when you use our Service, such as browsing history,
			search history, comments, collections, likes etc.
• User's feedback
We collect information about you when you give feedback and choose to reveal your name, email
			address and/or photo to us.
• Device Information
We collect your device information (such as device model, operation system, device settings,
			unique device identifier), and location information (including IP address, GPS location) based on the authorization
			in your installation and usage of our client.
• Log Information
We collect the web logs information created through your usage, such as search history, IP
			address, language preference, the date and time you access to our Service.
ABOUT XIAOICE
"Xiaoice" is an artificial intelligence dialogue service provided by Microsoft. You can click on
			the bottom of People's Daily client and have a dialogue with xiaoice. Based on the understanding of content by the
			artificial intelligence, xiaoice can actively send you news information relevant to your discussion topics.
We need your permission to access to your camera and/or microphone before you send photos to
			Xiaoice and/or have a
			voice conversation with Xiaoice. If we do not have your authorization, you may only use the function of text chat.
			The chat history with Xiaoice will only be stored in your device's local database and will not be uploaded and
			stored in our severs.
OUR LEGITIMATE GROUNDS FOR
USING PERSONAL INFORMATION
1. Your consent
Your consent will be necessary in some circumstances under which you will have the right to withdraw that consent at
			any time, however, if the consent is withdrawn, we may not be able to continue to provide the service you requested.
2. Fulfilling a contract
We also process your personal information in order to fulfil a contract we have with you. For example, we would use
			your information to provide you with access to our Service.
3. Legitimate interests
We may use your information where there are legitimate interests to do so. For example, we will analyze your reading
			habits and preferences to recommend more news to you according to your interests, making our Services more
			user-friendly.
We only rely on legitimate interests if the reason for using your information is fair and lawful. Where we want to
			rely on legitimate interests as a legal basis, we will carry out a balancing test between our legitimate interests
			and your privacy rights. Our legitimate interests in processing personal information include:
to set up and administer your account, verify your identity, and send important account, subscription and service
				information
to deliver and suggest personalized content such as news. We analyze the way you use our Services to make
				suggestions to you on content or services that we believe you will also be interested in, and to make our Services
				more user-friendly
for internal research and development purposes and to improve, test and enhance the features and functions of our
				Services
to provide you with marketing within the scope permitted by law
to meet our internal and external audit requirements, including our information security obligations
to protect our rights, privacy, safety, networks, systems and property, or those of other persons
for the prevention, detection or investigation of a crime or other breach of law or requirement, loss prevention or
				fraud
4. Compliance with legal obligations
There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and
			regulatory obligations or defend claims.
You are welcome to
contact us
for further information on the legal grounds
			that we
			rely on in
			relation to any
			specific processing of your personal information.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL
INFORMATION
1. To recommend customized news
We will use information about your behavior to make feature tags. Based on such feature tags,
			we will conduct the portrait for a crowd of users to recommend customized news.
2. To send you direct marketing
We and the advertisers will use your personal information to recommend the advertisements you
			may
			be interested in to you. You can manage your advertisements by advertising settings. If you do not want to see
			tailored advertisements, you can turn it off in privacy settings correspondingly.
3. To provide personalized service
We will use your device information to provide you with better products or services and
			personalized information display service. Besides, we also use the personal information gathered by cookies and
			similar technologies to provide you with personalized service.
In the table below we have listed the main reasons we process your information and the legal
			grounds that are
			available to us. The specific legal ground we use will depend on the purpose the information is used for. Please
			keep in mind that if the legal ground listed is no longer available to us, we may be able to rely on other grounds.
HOW WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION
1. Location of information storage
We will store your personal information collected and generated in the course of operation
			within
			the territory of the People's Republic of China in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
2. Period of information storage
We will store your information for a period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy,
			or when we have a legitimate reason for doing so. If you ask us to delete your information before the end of the
			period, we may not be able to do so due to technical, legal, regulatory or contractual constraints.
If you wish to close your account, we will do this as soon as reasonably possible subject to any
			applicable terms
			and conditions.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION
We will not share your personal information with other companies, organizations or individuals
			other than the
			service provider of the client and the website of People's Daily, except under following circumstances:
1. Sharing with your consent
We may share your personal information with other companies, organizations or individuals with
			your explicit consent.
2. Sharing required by law
We may share your personal information with other companies, organizations or individuals
			required by laws and regulations, resolving disputes, or responding to requests from administrative or judicial
			authorities.
3. Sharing with third-party providers
We may share your personal information with third-party providers. For example, your personal information will be
			shared with the livestreaming service providers when you use livestreaming service.
The third-party providers with whom your information would be shared are as follows:
Service providers:
we engage service providers to support our business and improve our Service. These service providers include: the
				providers for delivery of our digital content and marketing; the provider of livestreaming service; business
				partners with whom we deliver co-branded Services, provide content, or to host events, conferences and seminars;
				third parties that help us deliver Services or act on our behalf.
4. Sharing with joint-controller
We may share your personal information to joint controllers，who can also determine the purposes and means of the
			processing of personal information，such as the advertisers, etc.
We will only share your personal information out of legal, proper, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and we
			will only share necessary information needed to our Services. Our partners have no rights to use shared information
			for purposes irrelevant to their products and services. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party
			website or service is provided directly to the owner of the service and is subject to that party's Privacy Policy.
			Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such services and we're not responsible for the content, privacy or security
			practices and policies of those services. To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the
			privacy policies of other services that you access.
CHILDREN PROTECTION
If you are a child under 16, you cannot create your personal account without permission from your
			parents or legal
			guardian and you shall obtain a parent or a legal guardian's permission before using our Services or providing
			information to us.
We will only use, share, transfer or disclose the personal information of users under 16 as
			permitted by laws and
			regulations, with your parent or guardian's explicit permission, for the purpose of protecting users under 16.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFER
Since our Service is global by nature, it may be necessary for us to transfer your information to
			our affiliates
			or third parties with whom we have a cooperative relationship for our legitimate business purposes, and such
			information may be maintained on computers and/or other servers located outside of your state, province, country or
			other governmental jurisdiction in whole or in part where the privacy laws and technology level may not be the same
			as those in your jurisdiction.
Please note that the laws vary by jurisdiction, so the privacy laws applicable to the places
			where your information
			is transferred or stored, used, or processed, may be different from the privacy laws of the jurisdiction you reside
			in.
Your personal information may be collected in EU/EEA and then transferred to, and stored in the
			People's Republic of
			China. By choosing to visit the Service or provide information to us, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the
			terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of China and the adjudication of any disputes
			arising in connection with us or our Service will be in accordance with the Terms of Use located here at
			http://en.pdnews.cn. Additionally, with the development of business scale, your personal information may be
			transferred to other jurisdiction outside EU/EEA. The information we collected may be processed by our cooperating
			partners outside EU/EEA. When we transfer your information globally, we guarantee that your information will be
			transferred securely and lawfully. We have taken appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information
			will be protected in accordance with this Policy and we hereby ensure that any third party acting as our agent would
			do the same.
Users in EU/EEA should direct any questions, concerns or complaints regarding the processing of personal information
			at: rmrbyw@pdnews.cn
 We will duly handle your questions. However, please note that our Services may not be
			available to you if you reject international information transfer.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We have adopted proper security measures in compliance with industry standards to protect the privacy and security
			of your personal information, to prevent personal information from being accessed without permission, disclosed,
			used, edited, damaged or lost. For example, we use Security Sockets Layer (SSL) to secure information transfers
			between your browsers and servers; we use HTTPS when you browse client of the People's Daily; we use encryption
			technologies to improve security of personal information; we use reliable protection systems to prevent attacks; we
			deploy an access control system to ensure that only authorized person can access to personal information; and we
			will train our employees on privacy protection as well as how to handle and manage your data appropriately.
If your personal information breaches, we will inform you according to relevant laws and regulations of the basic
			situation, possible influence, our remedial solutions taken or will be taken, and offer self-protection or
			self-prevention suggestions to you and make necessary remedial measures. We will communicate with you by email,
			mail, phone calls and/or alerts. If we cannot reach to all affected individual, we will publish announcements in
			proper and effective ways.
YOU RIGHTS
You have the rights under European and other applicable laws to have access to your personal
			information and to
			ask us to rectify, erase and restrict use of, your personal information. You also have the rights to object to your
			personal information being used, to ask for the transfer of personal information you have made available to us and
			to withdraw consent to the use of your personal information. You may find further information on how to exercise
			your rights set out underneath.
We honor your rights under applicable data protection laws. You have following rights under
			European laws, and may
			have similar rights under the laws of other countries.
1. Right to access
You have the right to make a written request for details of your personal information and a
			copy of that personal
			information.
2. Right to rectification
You have the right to have inaccurate information about you corrected or removed.
3. Right to erasure
You have the right to have certain personal information about you erased.
4. Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request that your personal information would only be used for restricted
			purposes.
5. Right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal information based on the
			performance of a task carried out in the public interest or we have let you know the processing is necessary for our
			or a third party's legitimate interests.
6. Right to data portability
You have the right to ask for the personal information you have made available to us to be
			transferred to you or a third party in machine-readable format.
7. Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw any consent you previously gave us. If you withdraw your
			consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your
			consent.
8. Right to compliant
You may make a complaint to the supervisory authority.
You may make a complaint to the supervisory authority.
			These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases.
In response to a request, we will ask you to verify your identity if we need to, and to
			provide information that
			helps us to understand your request better. If we do not comply with your request, whether in whole or in part, we
			will explain why.
To exercises any of these rights please contact us at rmrbyw@pdnews.cn
 with details of your
			request. If you have
			any questions about these rights, you may also contact us at the above email.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR
TECHNOLOGIES
1. What are Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small bits of data or code that are used to identify your devices when you use and
			interact with our
			Services. Cookies are often only used to record temporarily your personal information to identify you for sending
			your personalized service.
We also use similar technologies such as token to record your personal information in our
			application of client
			temporarily. The token can be used as a processing mechanism and can not be opened or closed by you. It could filter
			illegal requests by checking to avoid network attacks and to verify the lawfulness of the identity of the user. If
			the token is not used, your system security will not be guaranteed.
2. Managing Cookies
You can manage website cookies in your browser settings, and you always have the choice to change
			these settings by accepting, rejecting, or deleting cookies. If you choose to change your settings, you may find
			that certain functions and features will not work as intended on the Services. All browser settings are slightly
			different, so to manage cookies, you should refer to the relevant settings within your browser.
We understand that you may want to know more about cookies. Here are some useful resources that
			provide detailed
			information about types of cookies, how they are used, and how you can manage your cookie preferences:
			www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. Please click below for detailed information on how to disable and
			delete cookies in some commonly used browsers:
Mozilla Firefox®
Microsoft® Internet Explorer
Google Chrome™
Safari®
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
From time to time we make changes to this Policy. This may be in relation to changes in the law,
			best practice, changes in our Services or treatment of your personal information. Where necessary, we will notify
			you of these changes. We will always display clearly when the Privacy Policy was last amended on our client and
			website.
CONTACT US
If you have any requests for your personal information or any queries about these practices,
			please contact our e-mail rmrbyw@pdnews.cn
.
People's Daily客户端用户隐私协议
本政策仅适用于客户端产品及服务。
本政策将帮助您了解以下内容：
1、我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息
2、我们如何使用 Cookie 和同类技术
3、我们如何共享、转让、公开披露您的个人信息
4、我们如何保护您的个人信息
5、您的权利
6、我们如何处理儿童的个人信息
7、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
8、本政策如何更新
9、如何联系我们
客户端深知个人信息对您的重要性，并会尽全力保护您的个人信息安全可靠。我们致力于维持您对我们的信任，恪守以下原则，保护您的个人信息：权责一致原则、目的明确原则、选择同意原则、最少必要原则、确保安全原则、主体参与原则、公开透明原则等。同时，客户端承诺，我们将按业界成熟的安全标准，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息。
请在使用我们的产品前，仔细阅读并了解本《用户隐私协议》。
一、我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息
个人信息是指以电子或者其他方式记录的能够单独或者与其他信息结合识别特定自然人身份或者反映特定自然人活动情况的各种信息。
客户端仅会出于本政策所述的以下目的，收集和使用您的个人信息：
（一）注册、登录以及相关服务
1、当您注册、登录客户端时，您可以通过手机号快速注册登录，我们将通过发送给您验证码的方式以验证您的身份是否真实有效，接下来您可以完善您的头像、昵称、性别信息。
2、您也可以通过使用第三方账号登录，您将授权我们获取您在第三方平台注册的公开信息（昵称、头像、地区及性别），并在您同意授权之后我们将您的第三方账号与您的客户端账号进行绑定，使您可以直接通过第三方账号进行登录并使用本产品及相关服务。
（二）为您提供商品或服务
1、您向我们提供的信息：
您在使用客户端所发生的行为（上传、发布信息、点赞、跟帖、评论）时，我们将收集您上传、发布或形成的信息，并有权展示您的昵称、头像、地点和发布内容。为提升您的服务体验，您还可以授权我们访问您的相机、照片、麦克风及您的位置信息，以实现我们对这些功能所涉及的信息的收集和使用。如我们会基于位置信息向您提供个性化的推荐，或基于该类授权权限向您提供更个性化的登陆、评论、互动、信息分享或发布功能。当您需要关闭该功能时，大多数移动设备都会支持您的这项需求，这里以华为手机举例说明用户撤回授权的途径：打开移动设备，点击“系统设置”，打开菜单“应用”，进入“权限管理”，先选择需要撤回授权的应用，再选择‘权限’子菜单，针对列出的所有授权功能进行撤回/关闭操作，例如关闭对相机的授权后，客户端将无法访问您的相机。特别说明：由于移动设备厂商和型号丰富多样，各家移动设备的菜单路径和名称不尽相同，具体方法请参考或联系您移动设备的服务商或生产商。
2、在使用过程中我们可能会收集到您的信息：
为了向您推荐更加契合您需求或者个性化页面，我们会收集关于您使用的服务以及使用方式的信息并将这些信息进行关联，这些信息包括：
位置信息：
我们会基于您设备的IP地址对应的城市向您自动切换当地相关的新闻热点。如果您拒绝提供地理位置消息，我们将不会基于地理位置向您推送消息，但不会影响客户端其他模块内容的正常展示。
设备信息：
当您使用客户端及相关服务时，为了保障软件与服务的正常运行，我们会收集您的硬件型号、硬件序列号、操作系统版本号、MAC地址、软件列表、唯一设备识别码[如IMEI、AndroidID、IDFA、OPENUDID、GUID、SIM卡IMSI信息等]、软件版本号、网络接入方式及类型、操作日志信息。
日志信息：
当您使用客户端及相关服务时，我们会自动收集您对我们产品的详细使用情况，比如关注、收藏、点赞、评论、分享、搜索内容、登录方式、电信运营商、网络环境、访问页面停留时间、浏览记录、Push打开记录。
3、我们通过间接的方式收集您的个人信息：
我们可能会从第三方合作方获取您授权的共享信息。比如您通过第三方平台登录之后，我们会第三方获取您授权的账号共享信息：昵称、头像、地区及性别。
4、基于上述您向我们提供的信息，我们可能会根据推荐算法建模、用户画像以及用户行为分析等方法和技术，为您推荐更加契合您需求的页面或者个性化内容。
（三）为您提供信息发布的功能或服务
您在客户端各个内容详情页发布评论、提问时，我们将会收集您的发布信息，并在客户端展示您的头像、昵称、地址、发布时间、发布内容。
（四）为您提供搜索的功能或服务
您在使用搜索功能时，我们会记录您的关键字信息、搜索日志，再通过技术来实现展示热门搜索以及历史搜索内容。
（五）为您提供下载功能或者服务
您可以根据您自己个人情况，下载您感兴趣的音频或者视频，我们会记录的您的下载记录。
（六）为您提供营销活动
您可以根据自己的选择来参与我们客户端所上线的不同营销活动，在参与活动时，可能会需要您填写姓名、手机号、通讯地址、邮政编码、银行卡号的敏感信息。如果您拒绝填写，可能会影响到后续活动奖品的发放或者转账。
您提供的上述信息，将在您使用本服务期间持续授权我们使用。在您注销账号时，我们将停止使用并删除上述信息。
上述信息将存储于中华人民共和国境内。如需跨境传输，我们将会单独征得您的授权同意。
当我们要将以上信息用于本政策未载明的其他用途时，会事先征求您的同意。
当我们要将基于特定目的收集而来的信息用于其他目的时，会事先征求您的同意。
二、我们如何使用Cookie和同类技术
为了保证客户端的正常运转，我们会在您的移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie 通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码和字符。借助于 Cookie，客户端能够存储您的偏好、账号设置信息。我们使用Cookie或同类技术用于以下功能或者服务：
1.帮助您操作更加方便快捷
Cookie可记录您注册登录时的信息，以便您再下次使用客户端时不用再次登录，或者记录您的搜索记录，省去了一些操作和流程。
2. 保障产品与服务的安全、高效运转
我们可能会设置认证与保障安全性的Cookie或匿名标识符，使我们确认您是否安全登录服务，或者是否遇到盗用、欺诈等不法行为。这些技术还会帮助我们改进服务效率，提升登录和响应速度。
3. 推荐您可能感兴趣的新闻、视频
我们可能会利用Cookie 和同类技术了解你的偏好和使用习惯，进行咨询或数据分析，以改善产品服务及用户体验。
我们不会将Cookie用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。您可以通过浏览器或用户选择机制根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie。同时您需要注意，如果您停用Cookie，我们可能无法为您提供最佳的服务体验。
三、我们如何共享、转让、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）共享
我们不会与人民日报社以外的任何公司、组织和个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1．在获取明确同意的情况下共享：获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
2．我们可能会根据法律法规规定，或按政府主管部门的强制性要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
3．与授权合作伙伴共享：仅为实现本政策中声明的目的，我们的某些服务将由授权合作伙伴提供。我们可能会与合作伙伴共享您的某些个人信息，以提供更好的客户服务和用户体验。例如，在您在我们营销活动得奖后，我们必须与物流服务提供商共享您的个人信息才能安排送货，或者安排合作伙伴提供服务。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要、特定、明确的目的共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享提供服务所必要的个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将共享的个人信息用于任何其他用途。我们的合作伙伴主要是第三方SDK类服务商，我们的产品中可能会包含第三方SDK或其他类似的应用程序，如您在我们平台上使用这类由第三方提供的服务时，您同意将由其直接收集和处理您的如下信息：获取当前连接Wi-Fi信息,获取Wi-Fi Dhcp信息,获取手机状态和服务相关信息,获取IMSI,获取设备传感器信息,获取当前运行进程,获取当前运行进程,获取设备屏幕宽度,获取设备屏幕高度,获取设备屏幕像素,获取GPS状态,获取WI-FI列表,获取当前连接Wi-Fi信息,获取SSID,获取Wi-Fi Dhcp信息,获取设备蓝牙地址,获取IMSI,获取设备传感器信息,获取当前运行进程,获取当前运行进程,获取设备屏幕宽度,获取设备屏幕高度,获取设备屏幕像素,获取手机类型,获取当前连接Wi-Fi信息,获取SSID,获取IMSI,获取当前运行进程,获取当前运行进程,获取设备屏幕宽度,获取设备屏幕高度,获取手机类型。。
4．向委托我们进行推广的合作伙伴等第三方共享，目的是为了使该等委托方了解推广的覆盖面和有效性。除非得到您的许可，否则我们不会将您的个人身份信息（指可以识别您身份的信息，例如姓名或电子邮箱，通过这些信息可以联系到您或识别您的身份）与进行推广的合作伙伴分享。我们会向这些合作伙伴提供有关其广告覆盖面和有效性的信息，而不会提供您的个人身份信息，或者我们将这些信息进行汇总，以便它不会识别您个人。比如我们可以告知该委托方有多少人看了他们的推广信息，或者向他们提供不能识别个人身份的统计信息，帮助他们了解其受众或顾客。只有在广告主同意遵守我们的广告发布准则后，我们才可能会告诉广告主他们广告的效果如何，或者有多少人看了他们广告或在看到广告后安装了应用，或者向这些合作伙伴提供不能识别个人身份的人口统计信息（例如“位于北京的25岁男性，喜欢软件开发”），帮助他们了解其受众或顾客。
5．在法律法规允许的范围内，为了遵守法律、维护我们及我们的关联方或合作伙伴、您或其他客户端用户或社会公众利益、财产或安全免遭损害，比如为防止欺诈等违法活动和减少信用风险，我们可能与其他公司和组织交换信息。不过,这并不包括违反本用户隐私协议中所作的承诺而为获利目的出售、出租、共享或以其它方式披露的信息。
6．基于学术研究而提供。
7．基于符合法律规定的社会公共利益而提供。
对我们与之共享个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协定，要求他们按照我们的说明、本用户隐私协议以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。共享您的个人信息，不会对您产生高危风险。
（二）转让
我们不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1．在获取明确同意的情况下转让：获得您的明确同意后，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2．在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织继续受此用户隐私协议的约束，否则我们将要求该公司、组织重新向您征求授权同意。
转让您的个人信息，不会对您产生高危风险。
（三）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，公开披露您的个人信息：
1．获得您明确同意后；
2．基于法律的披露：在法律、法律程序、诉讼或政府主管部门强制性要求的情况下，我们可能会公开披露您的个人信息。
公开披露您的个人信息，不会对您产生高危风险。
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
（一）我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
（二）我们已经取得公安部信息安全等级保护三级认证，并与监管机构建立了良好的协调沟通机制，及时抵御并处置各类信息安全威胁，为您的信息安全提供全方面保障。
（三）我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，确保未收集无关的个人信息。我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非需要延长保留期或受到法律的允许。
（四）互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
（五）互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。如果我们的物理、技术、或管理防护设施遭到破坏，导致信息被非授权访问、公开披露、篡改、或毁坏，导致您的合法权益受损，我们将承担相应的法律责任。
（六）在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。
同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
五、您的权利
按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，以及其他国家、地区的通行做法，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
（一） 访问您的个人信息
您有权访问您的个人信息，法律法规规定的例外情况除外。如果您想行使数据访问权，可以通过以下方式自行访问： 账户信息——如果您希望访问或编辑您的账户中的个人资料信息、更改您的密码、绑定您的手机号，您可以通过访问设置-编辑资料和设置-账号安全执行此类操作。 搜索信息——您可以在新闻模块、 视频模块中的搜索按钮访问或清除您的搜索记录。 个性信息——您可以通过访问我的模块，在收藏按钮中查看个人收藏的文章，在评论按钮中查看个人评论过的文章，在历史按钮中查看个人浏览过的文章消息。
（二） 更正您的个人信息
当您发现我们处理的关于您的个人信息有错误时，您有权要求我们做出更正。您可以通过“（一）访问您的个人信息”中罗列的方式提出更正申请。 如果您无法通过上述描述更正这些个人信息，您可以随时使用“意见反馈”功能与我们联系。我们将在15个工作日内回复您的更正请求。
（三） 删除您的个人信息
在以下情形中，您可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
1、如果我们处理个人信息的行为违反法律法规；
2、如果我们收集、使用您的个人信息，却未征得您的同意；
3、如果我们处理个人信息的行为违反了与您的约定；
4、如果您不再使用我们的产品或服务；
5、如果我们不再为您提供产品或服务。
若我们决定响应您的删除请求，我们还将同时通知从我们获得您的个人信息的实体，要求其及时删除，除非法律法规另有规定，或这些实体获得您的独立授权。
当您从我们的服务中删除信息后，我们可能不会立即从备份系统中删除相应的信息，但会在备份更新时删除这些信息。
注销账号、删除个人信息的途径：点击客户端底部菜单“Me-Settings-Log Out”
（四） 改变您授权同意的范围
每个业务功能需要一些基本的个人信息才能得以完成。对于额外收集的个人信息的收集和使用，您可以随时给予或收回您的授权同意。
您可以选择客户端是否向您推送消息。当您收回同意后，我们将不再处理相应的个人信息。您收回同意的决定，不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理，但可能导致您无法第一时间接收到重大热点新闻、以及您关注的最新订阅信息。收回同意推送的路径：点击客户端底部菜单“我的”，点击“更多设置”，关闭“接收推送”。
（五） 响应您的上述请求
为保障安全，您可能需要提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。我们可能会先要求您验证自己的身份，然后再处理您的请求。
我们将在15个工作日内做出答复。
对于您合理的请求，我们原则上不收取费用，但对多次重复、超出合理限度的请求，我们将视情收取一定成本费用。对于那些无端重复、需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者非常不切实际（例如，涉及备份磁带上存放的信息）的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
在以下情形中，按照法律法规要求，我们将无法响应您的请求：
1、与国家安全、国防安全直接相关的；
2、与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益直接相关的；
3、与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等直接相关的；
4、有充分证据表明您存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
5、响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
6、涉及商业秘密的；
7、与我们履行法律法规规定的义务相关的；
8、出于维护您或其他个人的生命、财产等重大合法权益但又很难得到您本人同意的。
六、我们如何处理儿童的个人信息
我们的产品、网站和服务主要面向成人。如果没有父母或监护人的同意，儿童不得创建自己的用户账户。
对于经父母同意而收集儿童个人信息的情况，我们只会在受到法律允许、父母或监护人明确同意或者保护儿童所必要的情况下使用或公开披露此信息。
尽管当地法律和习俗对儿童的定义不同，但我们将不满 14 周岁的任何人均视为儿童。
如果我们发现自己在未事先获得可证实的父母或监护人同意的情况下收集了儿童的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关数据。
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
原则上，我们在中华人民共和国境内收集和产生的个人信息，将存储在中华人民共和国境内。就中华人民共和国境外注册使用产品及服务过程中产生的个人信息，需要您同意回传存储在中国境内的服务器上，否则您无法使用现有的产品及服务。在此类情况下，我们会确保您的个人信息得到在中华人民共和国境内足够同等的保护。如在符合适用法律规定的情形下因业务需要向境外传输个人信息的，我们会事先征得您的同意，向您告知用户信息出境的处理目的、处理方式、接收方的名称或者姓名、联系方式、个人信息的种类，以及个人向境外接收方行使《中华人民共和国个人信息保护法》规定权利的方式和程序、安全保障措施、安全风险等事项，并依法开展安全评估。
八、本政策如何更新
我们的用户隐私协议可能变更
未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本用户隐私协议所应享有的权利。我们会在本页面上发布对本政策所做的任何变更。
对于重大变更，我们还会提供更为显著的通知（包括对于某些服务，我们会通过手机信息或者系统推送发送通知，说明用户隐私协议的具体变更内容）。
本政策所指的重大变更包括但不限于：
1、我们的服务模式发生重大变化。如处理个人信息的目的、处理的个人信息类型、个人信息的使用方式等；
2、我们在所有权结构、组织架构等方面发生重大变化。如业务调整、破产并购等引起的所有者变更等；
3、个人信息共享、转让或公开披露的主要对象发生变化；
4、您参与个人信息处理方面的权利及其行使方式发生重大变化；
5、我们负责处理个人信息安全的责任部门、联络方式及投诉渠道发生变化时；
6、个人信息安全影响评估报告表明存在高风险时。
我们还会将本政策的旧版本存档，供您查阅。
九、如何联系我们
如对本隐私政策内容有任何疑问、意见或建议，你可通过登录客户端内的“意见反馈”页面与我们联系：进入客户端“Me-Feedback”，选择您所要反馈的问题类型，然后进行详细地描述，最后留下您的联系方式（电话或者电子邮箱），管理人员会根据您的反馈与建议，来全面保障您的隐私安全问题。
电子邮箱：rmrbyw@pdnews.cn
电话：010-65367260
邮寄地址：北京市朝阳区金台西路2号院人民日报社新媒体大楼
邮编：100026
用户如对回复不满意，可通过向北京市朝阳区人民法院提起诉讼的方式解决争议。