Chams Innovation Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search
Search This Blog
Chams Innovation Privacy Policy
Chams Innovation Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of software applications for mobile devices and websites that were created by
Chams Innovation Studio
.
1, What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
We don't collect any personal infomation from user.
- uses permission android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION to use Qibla and Compass .
- uses permission android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED for alarm and notification audio .
2, Third party Ads
Occasionally,
 at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or 
services on our websites and apps. These third party sites have separate
 and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility 
or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites and 
apps. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our sites / apps 
and welcome any feedback about these sites / apps.
Google
Google's
 advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising 
Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for 
users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548…
We
 use Google AdSense / AdMob Advertising on our website and in our apps. 
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our sites 
and in apps. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to 
our users based on their visit to our sites / apps and other sites on 
the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by 
visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. To understand
 how Google uses data when you use our apps and websites, please see 
more at
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
AdMob
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/6008942?rd=1
We
 have implemented the following: Demographics and Interests Reporting We
 along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies 
(such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as 
the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to 
compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other 
ad service functions as they relate to our website. Opting out: Users 
can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad
 Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network 
Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google 
Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
4, California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA
 is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and
 online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches 
well beyond California to require a person or company in the United 
States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting 
personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a 
conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the 
information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being 
shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protecti…/…
According
 to CalOPPA we agree to the following: Users can visit our site 
anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to 
it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after
 entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 
'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above. Users
 will be notified of any privacy policy changes: On our Privacy Policy 
Page. Users are able to change their personal information: By emailing 
us.
5, Fair Information Practices
The
 Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law 
in the United States and the concepts they include have played a 
significant role in the development of data protection laws around the 
globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how 
they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various 
privacy laws that protect personal information.
6, Contacting Us
If
 you have any questions regarding privacy while using our mobile 
applications and websites, or have questions about our practices, please
 contact us via email at
https://www.facebook.com/chamsDohaStudio/
About Me
chams
Visit profile
Archive
August 2020
1
Report Abuse
Powered by Blogger