Urva Apps, kids learning apps, receipe apps, all language apps
Privacy Policy
(For All apps and websites of Urva Apps)
Please read this Privacy Policy very carefully. This contains important

information about your rights and obligations. This Privacy Policy

sets out the manner in which Urva Apps. (Hereinafter referred to as

"Urva Apps", “We”, “Us”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses

information collected from the users of our mobile or desktop

application and websites (hereinafter referred to as 'You', 'Your',

'User'). This Privacy Policy applies to the Urva Apps mobile or

desktop application software/ technology and websites (hereinafter

referred as "App", “Websites”) which is owned by Urva Apps. By

downloading, installing or using or by registering Your profile with

the App or website, You are consenting to the use, collection,

transfer, storage, disclosure and other uses of Your information in the

manner set out in this Privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practises of third parties

that Urva Apps does not own, control, or manage including but not

limited to any third party websites, services, applications, or

businesses ("Third Party Services"). Urva Apps does not take

responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party

Services. Urva Apps encourages you to carefully review the privacy

policies of all Third Party Services you access.
If you do not agree to any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, You

should not download, install and use the App or website. Urva Apps

may revise, alter, add, amends or modifies this Privacy Policy at any

time by updating this page. By downloading, installing and/or using

this App, You agree to be bound by any such alteration, amendment,

addition or modification.
1. INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT THROUGH OUR APP:
• 1.1. Personally Identifiable Information
Urva Apps may collect personal information that identifies you in a

variety of ways, including, but not limited to the information

submitted during download and installation of the App or in

connection with registration for other activities or features offered

through the App or website. Personally identifiable Information

collected may include name, mailing address, email address, phone

number and demographic information such as gender, nationality,

postcode and other personal information. Urva Apps collect

Personally Identifiable Information only if you voluntarily submit such

information to us or provide access to such information by

connecting to social networking sites through the App or website for

example when you use the facilities available on the App or engage in

certain App related activities including but not limited to becoming a

member or signing up for an account or linking an account through a

social network including, but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Google

Plus, and LinkedIn or when corresponding with us by e-mail or phone

to use any other interactive features of the App or website. You can

always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except

that it may prevent you from using the App or website, or certain

features of the App or website.
• 1.2. Non-personally Identifiable Information
Urva Apps may collect non-personal information about you whenever

you access or interact with our App or any of the related services.

This includes but not limited to browser name, version, server

location, device specific information such as the type of device used,

users’ operating system and version, your mobile devices unique

device ID, third party apps or websites or App or website service that

referred users to our App or website, language preference, means of

connection to our App and services location information, internet

service providers, IP address, technical information and other similar

information about you.
2. HOW URVA APPS USES THE COLLECTED INFORMATION?
• 2.1. Urva Apps may collect and use your personal information for the

following purposes:
Urva Apps may use this information to control your access to the App

or website as well as use of the App or website, to communicate with

the you, customize your experience of using the App or website and

and/or the content of any email newsletter or other material that Urva

Apps may send from time to time and provide information that may be

useful or interesting based on the content and personally identifiable

information relating to you.
Your email address will be used to send user information,

administrative information, changes in account settings and any

changes to the App or website or updating User on new policies of

Urva Apps. Apart from this if you choose to opt-in to our mailing list,

you will receive periodic emails that may relate to company news,

related product or service information, etc. Email address may also be

used for responding to any of the inquiries, questions, and/or any

other requests made by you. If at any time You want to unsubscribe

from receiving future emails, Urva Apps has included detailed

unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may

contact Urva Apps via the App or website.
Urva Apps may further use the collected information to analyse the

use of the App or website, and the people visiting and using the App

or website, for the purpose of improving the features of the App or

website. Information provided by you help Urva Apps in responding

to your customer service requests and support needs more

efficiently. Urva Apps may use information in the aggregate to

understand how users, as a group are using the App or website.

Urva Apps may use the personal information provided by the User to

prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in breach

of the "Urva Apps User Agreement", "Terms and Conditions" and any

applicable laws.
3. HOW URVA APPS PROTECTS USER'S

INFORMATION
• 3.1.
Urva Apps adopts appropriate data collection, storage and

processing practices and security measures to protect against

unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Your

personal information, username, password, and data stored on the

App. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Application

and its users happens over a SSL (Secure Socket Layer) secured

communication channel. However, Urva Apps cannot guarantee the

security of any information obtained through unauthorized entry or

use, hardware or software failure, and other factors that may

compromise the security of user information at any time. It is

important for the User to prevent unauthorized access to his/her

account and personal information by limiting access to his/her

device.
4. SHARING USER'S PERSONAL INFORMATION
• 4.1.
Urva Apps does not sell, trade, or rent your personally

identifiable information collected by Urva Apps to others except as

described in this Policy. Urva Apps may share information with Urva

Apps business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the

purposes outlined above.
• 4.2.
At times Urva Apps may be required by law or litigation to

disclose personal information about the users. Urva Apps may also

disclose information about the user if Urva Apps determines that for

national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public

importance that disclosure of information is necessary.
• 4.3.
Urva Apps reserves the right to transfer Personal Information of

users to another party as a result of merger, acquisition, or sale of all

or a portion of Urva Apps assets to another party.
5. COOKIES
• 5.1.
Whenever you access the App or website we may place

"cookies" on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes to enhance

your experience or sometimes to personalize your experience.

Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computers or

mobile’s hard drive by the App you visit. Cookies help us to identify

information relating your activities and to retain information relating

to your preferences and history on the App.
• 5.2.
Ad targeting cookies: Urva Apps and/or our service providers

may use advertising cookies to deliver ads that are more relevant to

you and your interests.
• 5.3.
You may choose to disable cookies by turning off cookie feature

on the web browser. However, by disabling this feature, some parts of

the App may not function properly. This may prevent You from taking

full advantage of the App.
6. WHAT CHOICES USER HAS REGARDING THE

USE OF HIS/HER INFORMATION
• 6.1.
In case, if the user is receiving marketing or promotional emails

from Urva Apps, You have the option to "opt out" of such marketing

emails by following the instructions in those mails or by emailing

Urva Apps at urva.apps@gmail.com. If the user opts out, he/she may

still receive non-promotional emails from Urva Apps, such as emails

about his/her account or any ongoing business relations entered into

by Urva Apps.
7. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
• 7.1.
Urva Apps may update and revise this Privacy Policy from time

to time. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted as notification here

on this link
http://www.urvaapps.com/PrivacyPolicy.aspx
You are

encouraged to periodically check this page to stay informed about

changes to this Privacy Policy. You hereby acknowledge and agree

that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically

and become aware of the modifications. If you disagree to any of the

changes to the Privacy Policy, you shall refrain from using or

accessing the App or website. Your continued use of the App

following the posting of the revised Policy shall indicate your

acceptance and acknowledgement of the changes and you will be

bound by it.
8. YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS OF

PRIVACY POLICY
• 8.1.
By using our App or website, you are signifying your acceptance

of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, You

shall not access or use our App or website. Your continued Access or

Use of our Apps or websites following the posting of changes to this

Privacy Policy will be deemed to be the acceptance of these changes
9.Image upload consent
• 9.1.
Pictures which your uploading for the translate purpose will be uploaded and processed for the desired output . our application will be able to read following information of Images.
1.Content of Image Uploaded
2.image file properties
3.Other related information related to file 

We are processing this request automatically and does not have access to files after completion of your desired task .
by the User.
10. CONTACTING US
• 10.1.
If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy, practices of

our Apps and websites or Your dealings with the Apps or websites or

any of the features or any Legal Queries about the Apps and websites

, please contact Urva Apps at: urva.apps@gmail.com
This Document was last updated on 14 October 2022.
© 2022 Urva Apps| Design by
Dexter Intelligence