Mydroid Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Privay Policy
Mydroid Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
February 27, 2021
Privacy Policy
mydroid (“Services”, “mydroid”, "we", "us", " our " or " ours " ) collects information from you in order to provide better services and a better user experience. Your privacy is on top of all priorities to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.
By installing and using the apps, you agree to this privacy policy and give explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not agree, please do not install and use the apps.
Privacy Policy for Mobile Applications
1. Effective date and update
Effective date and update Effective start date of this privacy policy: 3rd December 2020
2. Non-personal Data:
Non-personal data means information that, by itself, does not personally identify you. We may collect Non-personal data such as your device model number, operating system version, country code and other properties for purposes of managing the apps and communicating with you.
3. Disclaimers:
a). mydroid will not assume any responsibility for any of your personal information that is disclosed for your own reasons (for example, when you voluntarily disclose to other people your password or when you share your account with other people).
b). mydroid assumes no responsibility for any personal information that is lost, disclosed, or falsified due to forces beyond mydroid's control, including but not limited to events that may affect normal network operations, such as hacker attack, intrusion or attack of computer virus and temporary closure of websites due to government regulations or actions.
c). mydroid assumes no responsibility when it or a third party uses your personal information in accordance with provisions of relevant laws or regulations or this privacy policy.
4. Ad serving Technology:
We may disclose Non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect Non-personal data through their own embedded technology. In order to deliver ads to you, the third-party advertising companies may place or recognize unique cookies, anonymous identifiers or similar technology for non-personally identifiable information. We use only Admob by Google for advertisement purpose. If you would like more information, please follow the link below: AdMob by Google -
Google Privacy
5. Our apps may contain advertising from any of these networks:
Unity (Unity Ads) privacy policy:
UNITY ads policy
Google (AdMob) privacy policy:
Admob policy
6. In-House Advertisements
In our games we display internal advertisements in which we advertise other Google play games which we feel players will be interested in; in order to provide the best scope of advertisements, we use data listing which of your games you already have installed on your device. No user-specific or app-specific information is stored or recorded.
7. Location Data:
Some of the apps may request your Location data for a functional purpose. We may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. We do NOT try to store / save / gather your data. So we do NOT provide your Location data for advertising networks and third parties.
8. Children's Privacy:
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
9. Camera:
We can access the camera to take a photo of user in creating her/his photo frame and we can not access his personal photo or any personal videos.
10. Photos,Media,Files :
We can not access any personal pictures,Videos or any Files for personal use, User can Access his selected pictures only for making a photo frame,video,we can not collect those photo,Video or any files.
11. BIND ACCESSIBILITY SERVICE Permission:
We uses Accessibility services (BIND_ACCESSIBILITY_SERVICE) in our apps in order to just get the notifications for other installed applications ( Only those apps Which have been configured and allowed inside the applications ). We do not use this permission for any other purpose.
12. READ_PHONE_STATE Permission:
Our apps uses this permission only for need the receiver notification from other installed apps.
13. Personal Data:
Personal data means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address). We never collect and / or store Personal data
14.Third-party terms and conditions:
Please note that your access to and use of the apps may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies. You recognize and agree that we is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and any third party's use of your Personal data. Here are links to the privacy policies of a few of the distributors we use: Google -
Privacy Policy
14.Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data:
We disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other legal processes as well as to establish/exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will share Personal data and Non-personal data in order to investigate, prevent or take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.
15.Changes to this Privacy Policy:
mydroid may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
16. Contact us:
Email us at privacy@mydroid.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
Mydroid
December 22, 2020
Privacy Policy for Mydroid Apps Privacy Policy Mydroid apps (“Services”, “Mydroid”, us ,we, or our) collects information from you in order to provide better services and a better user experience. Your privacy is on top of all priorities to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information. By installing and using the apps, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not agree, please do not install and use the apps Privacy Policy for Mobile Applications 1. Non-personal Data: Non-personal data means information that, by itself, does not personally identify you. We may collect Non-personal data such as your device model number, operating system version, country code and other properties for purposes of managing the apps and communicating with you.  2. Ad serving Technology: We may disclose Non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect Non-personal data through the
Read more
Smart Apps Privay Policy
February 05, 2021
Privacy Policy for Smart Apps Privacy Policy Smart Apps (“Services”, “Smart Apps”, us ,we, or our) collects information from you in order to provide better services and a better user experience. Your privacy is on top of all priorities to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information. By installing and using the apps, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not agree, please do not install and use the apps Privacy Policy for Mobile Applications 1. Non-personal Data: Non-personal data means information that, by itself, does not personally identify you. We may collect Non-personal data such as your device model number, operating system version, country code and other properties for purposes of managing the apps and communicating with you.  2. Ad serving Technology: We may disclose Non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect Non-personal data through thei
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Privacy Policy
Visit profile
Archive
February 2021
2
December 2020
1
Report Abuse