Privacy Policy
About
Apps
Weather & Widget
Weather & Widget Ad free
Weather Advanced
Battery Tools
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Apps Terms of Use
Contact
Privacy Policy
At Devexpert.NET, We want to assure that We provide You, as a User, with information and choice about Our policies and practices. We do this so You may make informed decisions whether or not You want to use Devexpert.NET applications or sites and how you choose to use them.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using Devexpert.NET sites or applications . When You use Devexpert.NET products, You consent to the terms and conditions and the practices described in this Privacy Policy. It applies to You if You access Devexpert.NET sites or applications directly, through a third-party or by other means. It takes precedence over any conflicting terms published by a third party regarding Your access or use of Devexpert.NET sites or applications.
As Devexpert.NET expands its offerings and as technology evolves, We may, from time to time, update Our privacy practices to address these changes. We encourage You to check here on a regular basis for updates to this Privacy Policy.
Devexpert.NET sites or applications, AND THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND ADVERTISING MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THEM, ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 WITHOUT PARENTAL SUPERVISION.
DEFINITIONS WE USE IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We use certain defined terms in this Privacy Policy. They have the following meanings:
"Devexpert.NET," "We," "Our," and "Us" refers to Devexpert.NET. and any and all entities that are controlled by or under common control with Devexpert.NET.
"Devexpert.NET sites or applications" include but are not limited to all Devexpert.NET wired and mobile websites, digital products, services, websites, applications, data, content, advertising, and other elements. These other elements may include sign-up screens, contests, data input and tracking, and other interfaces.
"Online Behavioral Advertising," also referred to as "OBA," which is also sometimes called "interest-based advertising," uses information collected across multiple web sites that You visit in order to predict Your preferences and to show You advertisements that are most likely to be of interest to You.
"Location Information" or "LI" means geographical information which provided by your device.
"Providers," refers to non-Devexpert.NET entities such as, but not limited to, service providers, advertisers, vendors, data collection services and other third parties. These Providers may also collect information about You.
"User," "You," "Your," and "Visitor," whether in the singular or plural refers to a natural person who views, downloads or interacts with any Devexpert.NET sites or applications.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information, including LI, on Devexpert.NET sites or applications during Your use of Devexpert.NET sites or applications that We believe will allow Us to better and more efficiently serve You.
When you use Devexpert.NET sites or applications, your device may send us some or all of the following upon your agreement:
GPS Coordinates or Coordinates based on Network. The Geo-coordinates of a device. On many devices, enabling or disabling "Location Services" or a similar setting controls whether the device sends GPS coordinates.
Calendar Events . The events saved in your calendar may be collected to appear on one or more of our Widgets.
Scheduled Alarms . The alarms scheduled in your device may be collected to appear on one or more of our Widgets.
Protocol (IP) Address. An IP Address is a number automatically assigned by Your Internet Service Provider (ISP). The IP address is the host computer a device uses to connect to the ISP's network to send information to Us or to our Providers and for a device to receive information back from Us or from our Providers.
Advertising ID (AAID) or ID for Advertising (IDFA). These are combinations of letters and numbers that are unique to the device You are using. However, these identifiers may not be permanent. Depending on Your device, You may be able to reset them through the settings of Your device or Your browser.
Information about the performance of Your device. This may include information such as how much battery power the device is using, the operating system and version the device is using and the version of Our application the device is using.
Cookies. Cookies are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. If You are accessing an Devexpert.NET Site through a browser, including a browser on a mobile device, cookies may be sent to the browser and stored in the device's memory. This identifies the device the next time it accesses an Devexpert.NET Site through a browser. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if You do not permit the device to accept cookies, Your experience may not be optimal when You return to an Devexpert.NET Site because We may not recognize the device.
Information about You that You choose to share through Social Media.
You may engage with Our content on or through social media services or other third-party platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and others that are integrated to an Devexpert.NET Site. We refer to those here generally as "Social Media." When you engage with Our content on or through Social Media, We may have access to certain information in Your profile with that Social Media platform if You have enabled Your profile details to be shared. This may include your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the Social Media profile, user files, photos and videos, list of friends or connections, people You follow and who follow You, posts, "likes" and more. You should read the privacy policies and terms of use of the Social Media platforms You use and check Your privacy settings on those Social Media platforms to make sure You are permitting those platforms to share only the information that You want to share.
Information You provide Devexpert.NET if You contact Us directly.
If You contact Devexpert.NET, We may keep a record of that contact or correspondence.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION?
It is important for Us to know Our users. Devexpert.NET uses the information it collects to:
Provide You weather alerts at the location(s) You provide us
Provide You a more accurate service
Provide You a user-friendly and engaging service with content We believe will be most relevant to You
Deliver to You targeted or contextual advertising We and our advertising Providers believe will be most relevant to You
Analyze the traffic and use patterns on Devexpert.NET sites or applications
Provide You up-to-date information on Our products, Our services and the Devexpert.NET sites or applications
HOW DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION?
We may disclose information to Our affiliated companies.
We also may disclose information to third-party Providers. We deliver valuable information to You on Devexpert.NET sites or applications free of charge or at low rates. We can accomplish this by working with Providers. You can find a list of these
Providers here
. We update this list from time to time, so You should review it from time to time. You also should visit the sites of these Providers and review their privacy terms and disclosures.
These third-party Providers may:
Provide services to Us needed to operate the Devexpert.NET sites or applications
, such as website hosting and moderating, mobile application hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, e-mail and direct mail delivery services, credit card processing, auditing services and other services. We need to provide certain information in order to enable them to provide those services to Us. For example, We may use Providers to administer the process for You to make submissions of videos to Devexpert.NET sites or applications and/or to host or store such submissions for Us.
Serve advertisements when You visit Devexpert.NET sites or applications
. Providers may use information about Your visits to Devexpert.NET sites or applications and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services they believe may be of interest to You. Devexpert.NET sites or applications may be designed to utilize Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA). This means that certain information regarding Your internet viewing behaviors or practices, over periods of time and perhaps involving websites or applications which are not Devexpert.NET sites or applications, may be used for the purpose of choosing advertising to display to You. If You would like more information about this practice and to know Your choices about not having this information used by these companies, see
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
or
https://networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
or
https://choice.live.com/AdvertisementChoice
or
http://youronlinechoices.eu/
.
Use the information to offer promotions to you for other products and services
. For example, many wireless products may be made available through cooperative arrangements with Providers who offer specialized products, information or services that We believe work well with the Devexpert.NET sites or applications.
Use the information in combination with other information
. Providers may have obtained other information directly from You or from other sources that are not related to Us and not related to Your use of Devexpert.NET sites or applications. We enter into agreements with these Providers that provide, among other things, that they keep PII they receive from Us confidential, that they only use it for specific purposes, that they provide access to it and that when they receive a valid request to delete it, they delete it within a reasonable period of time.
Disclosures relating to our Provider Google
. Some or all Devexpert.NET sites or applications make use of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Devexpert.NET sites or applications also may make use of other Google Analytics for Display Advertising features, including Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting or DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration. We are required by Google to disclose the following information to You in Our Privacy Policy in connection with Our use of any Google Analytics for Display Advertising features on Devexpert.NET sites or applications:
You may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising or customize Google Display Network advertising by using the
Google Ads Settings page
. You may also prevent Your data from being collected and used by Google Analytics by opting out through the use of the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
If Devexpert.NET sites or applications make use of the Google Analytics for Display Advertising Remarketing feature, Devexpert.NET will use such Remarketing feature to advertise online and third-party vendors, including Google, may show Devexpert.NET ads on sites across the Internet.
Devexpert.NET and third-party vendors, including Google, may use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to: (a) inform, optimize and serve ads based on a user's past visits to Devexpert.NET sites or applications or (b) report how Your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to Devexpert.NET sites or applications.
Data from Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting may be utilized by Devexpert.NET to help recognize and understand user preferences, to make improvements to Devexpert.NET sites or applications, to choose content and advertising to display to You, and for other business purposes that will allow Devexpert.NET to better serve You.
HOW CAN YOU ACCESS AND CONTROL YOUR INFORMATION?
Controlling Information Your Device Sends to Us.
Most devices and web browsers offer privacy settings and options where you can control the information that Your device sends.  Changing these settings will not prevent you from seeing advertisements and offers, but those advertisements and offers may not be tailored to your interests and needs.  You may disable cookies, reset your IDFA or AAID, turn off location-based (GPS) services, or select "Do Not Track" features. We do not override these settings or options. We encourage you to use them to enhance your choices and personalize your experiences. However, in order to access certain content, features, services, products, or benefits of Devexpert.NET sites or applications, you may be required to provide Us certain information. If you do not wish to provide that information, or if you utilize these privacy features, you may be unable to obtain some or all of the content, features, services, products, or benefits.
Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA).
If You desire to opt-out of OBA described above in the section "How Do We Share Your Information?", You should visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
for web-based advertising), and
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
for mobile advertising. This hyperlink and process is the recommended tool for the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles of Online Behavioral Advertising, to which Devexpert.NET endeavors to adhere, as a member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau.
A note about links to Provider sites from Devexpert.NET sites or applications.
You may seek access to certain products or services on Devexpert.NET sites or applications that are available through third parties, either through their own web sites or on web sites hosted by or linked to Devexpert.NET sites or applications. When ordering, registering for, or purchasing products or services from these Providers, You may be entering into an agreement with a Provider, and not with Devexpert.NET, and the Provider's terms may apply. Those terms may differ substantially from this Privacy Policy and other Devexpert.NET terms and conditions. You should read and understand Providers' terms of use and policies before using their sites or entering into agreements with them. If You have questions or concerns about their sites, terms or conditions, or privacy policies, You should contact the Providers directly. Devexpert.NET neither endorses nor accepts responsibility for the contents of the Provider sites, products or services. For convenience, We may provide information and contact information about Providers, but We cannot ensure that the contact information is correct or accurate.
Use by Children under age 13.
Devexpert.NET sites or applications are not directed to children and Devexpert.NET does not intend to collect LI from children. Please do not allow children under age 13 to use Devexpert.NET sites or applications, provide LI to Devexpert.NET, or ask questions or participate in chat rooms on Devexpert.NET sites or applications.
HOW DO YOU CONTACT US?
Contact us at
support@Devexpert.NET
or through a "Contact Us" or similar link on an Devexpert.NET Site.
Our company was established to provide high quality mobile apps to public.
© 2023 All rights reserved.
contacts
Send Message
support@pdevexpert.net
info@pdevexpert.net
links
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Apps Terms of Use
follow us
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube