Mini for Facebook
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Mini for Facebook
Mini for Facebook
Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Link to App
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy illustrates what personal information you may share with us, MrGoldFinger,
Macedonia
. (“we” or “our”) when installing and using this application (“Application”). It also describes how we receive, collect, process, and use such information. We will diligently respect your fundamental legal rights to data protection and privacy.
Collection of Information
We would like to inform you regarding the
"Consent to Collection and Use of Data"
You are using this app free of charge, we fund the development and maintenance of this app through the use of third-party SDKs. These SDKs are collecting varied data, in some cases including personally identifiable data. This data is shared with third parties worldwide, but you can disable data collection at any time in the settings.
We will collect technical information that may also be personal data (e.g. IP-address, device ID number, etc.) from your device for us to be able to provide the functionality of the Application. This collected information is required for us and for our sub-suppliers to verify that your device is accurately registered. We reserve the right to use such information for statistics and user support.
Further, we will access and process the information on your specific use of the Application, your location, device information, contact lists, interactions with other elements in the Application, Google Advertising ID (AAID), Apple Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Some services that are part of the Application may require specific consent from you. Where a specific consent is required, we will let you know and ask you to provide us herewith, but we would not request to accumulate data from the WebView alone everything that's on the WebView Framework
we are not accumulating or collecting
in any matter.
You may provide us with additional information such as information on your use of third-party services such as but not limited to Google and Facebook. The information may be required for the App to interact with third-party services. We will use information concerning third party services only for interaction between the Application and the services of third parties.
You are responsible for any content and information uploaded to and displayed in the Application. Information provided in the profile will be received and stored until this information is changed or deleted by you.
Security
Per applicable legal regulations, we undertake any reasonable measures to ensure data security, although we are unable to assure that your personal information will not be subject to unauthorized access, unauthorized use, or abuse.
To ensure data security, we will in consideration of appropriate technical possibilities, ensure that only authorized persons receive access to the data for legally permissible purposes, protect stored or transmitted data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or unintended changes and unauthorized or unlawful storage or processing, unauthorized access or unauthorized or unlawful transmission, and comply with all applicable data protection provisions.
We also recommend that you take additional steps towards protecting yourself and your information, such as keeping your login information and passwords secret and making sure you regularly update the software and apps you've downloaded.
We are not responsible for any login that you are doing through the WebView form our app, our main purpose of the app is delivering faster access on your favorite sites on the net.  All login requests are going encrypted server-side to user WebView without interfering with us we are independent about that phase. Our app only delivers the opportunity to open multiple pages and navigation through it.
Android WebView is a system component powered by Chrome that allows Android apps to display web content. This component is pre-installed on your device and should be kept up to date to ensure you have the latest security updates and other bug fixes.
Learn More about WebView
here
.
Transfer of data
For us to be able to deliver the Application and its functionalities to you, we use third-party sub-suppliers, to whom we may transfer data. Our sub-suppliers have all guaranteed that they will live up to the terms of this privacy policy, including ensuring the safe-keeping of your data. With your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and by using the Application, you agree to the processing of your data in the form of a transfer to third parties.
Currently, we are working together with partners that are listed in section Third-Party-SDKs. We share location, network diagnostic information, sensor diagnostic information, and other data related to your use of our application with our partners listed in section Third-Party-SDKs, but such information that we share will not include any personally identifiable information about you. Our partner listed in section Third-Party-SDKs will use the information that we share about you to create aggregated anonymous data and all Partners listed in the section Third-Party-SDKs are the sole owners of that data. To learn more about the use of this aggregated anonymous data, we recommend that you review the privacy policies of all our partners listed in section Third-Party-SDKs. To opt-out of our sharing of this information with our partners, please contact us at
mrgoldfingerone
@gmail.com with a request that we do not share your information with our Partners, and we will honor this request.
All of our sub-suppliers reserve the right to use the transferred information for statistics and user support without restrictions regarding applicability in time.
Please note that we may also disclose information associated with you as well as contact information to third parties if required by law, to protect or defend our rights.
Third-Party-SDKs
GlobalHop -
https://globalhop.net/privacy-policy/
TrueData -
https://www.truedata.co/privacy-policy/
Huq Industries -
https://dashboard.huq.io/terms
Huq Industries collects the following information: Operating System, Date & time, Latitude, Longitude, Accuracy (GPS), SSID (network), BSSID (network), Bundle ID, Device Model, Device Manufacturer, Carrier Code (Android only), Carrier Name, Sim Code, Country, and Locale.  In addition to helping us to measure the usage of our app this information is shared with Huq for their business purposes, which consist of the creation of anonymised reports, market research and analysis of mobility trends. Data shared with Huq does not contain information from which users can be identified by name and we will not provide additional information that enables Huq to identify you. You can find a full description of Huq and what it and its
partners
do with the information collected via our app
here
as well as details on how to request more information on the use of your data and your rights for editing or removing your data.
Marketing
We will use the information associated with you to be able to deliver our services in the Application. Furthermore, we may use the information to send you newsletters and for marketing purposes, if you have agreed hereto according to applicable local law.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request per applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Apps, you have the right to request the removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Apps. To request the removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Apps, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We are allowed to change this Privacy Policy at any time, and we advise you to review the Privacy Policy from time to time. In case of major changes in the content of this Privacy Policy, you will be informed about the changes and asked to agree on hereto.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
Questions, comments, and inquiries regarding this Privacy Policy and the personal data we have stored and processed about you are welcomed and should be addressed to
mrgoldfingerone
@gmail.com
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Opt-out from data collection and inquiries
As a user, you may opt-out of all information collection by discontinuing your use of the Application or by disabling individual parts of the App or by informing us by e-mail:
mrgoldfingerone
@gmail.com
Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form by our Gmail address. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Governing law
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed per North Macedonian law. If any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy should become ineffective, invalid, or unenforceable, this shall not affect the effectiveness, validity, and enforceability of the remaining provisions. In the event of the ineffectiveness, invalidity, or unenforceability of these provisions you agree that we may substitute such by an effective, valid, and enforceable provision which is, in its legal result, as close as possible to the ineffective, invalid or unenforceable provision.
Last update: May 2020
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse