Privacy Policy
Last update: February 16, 2017
Your privacy is important
to Insa Softtech Studio and we are committed to protecting your privacy. So
we’ve developed a Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself
with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. This
Privacy Policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”)
applies to the collection, use and disclosure of personal and non-personal
information by Insa Softtech Studio and its affiliates through the mobile apps
published by Insa Softtech Studio (the “
Apps
”).
PERSONAL
INFORMATION
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a
single person.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit,
download or upgrade our website or our products, excepting the personal
information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error
report or participate in online surveys and other activities.
Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted
by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and
supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities
you’ve participated in.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information
according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal
process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
NON-PERSONAL
INFORMATION
Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct
association with any specific individual, such as your Android ID, CPN model,
memory size, your phone IMEI number, phone model, rom, phone operator,
location, install, uninstall, frequency of use, etc.
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances.
To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products
and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect
non-personal information such as the data of install, frequency of use,
country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the
combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy
Policy.
PROTECTION OF
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical
measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and
misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and
destruction.
When you use some products, services, or post your comments, the personal
information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or
used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to
submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features. OUR
COMPANYWIDE COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy
and security guidelines to all employees and strictly enforce privacy
safeguards within the company.
Policy Updates
This policy
may change from time to time, but if it does, we will post any changes up on
this page. If there are any significant changes, we will provide a more
prominent notice on our site.
If you have
any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy please do not hesitate to
contact us.