About Us| EaseUS is dedicated to providing innovative utilities for users to access the changing world easily.
Data Recovery
Data Recovery Wizard
PC data recovery
Data Recovery wizard for Mac
Mac Data Recovery
MobiSaver (iOS & Android)
Recover data from mobile
Partition Recovery
Lost partition recovery
Fixo
AI-Powered
Repair Videos, Photos and Files
More Recovery Products
Data Recovery Services
Expert data recovery services
Exchange Recovery
EDB file restore & repair
Email Recovery
Outlook email recovery
MS SQL Recovery
MS SQL database recovery
Data Recovery Free
Data Recovery Pro
Data Recovery Technician
Data Recovery Free
Data Recovery Pro
Data Recovery Technician
for iOS
Data Recovery Free
Data Recovery Pro
for Android
Data Recovery Free
Data Recovery Pro
Data Recovery App
Desktop Version
Video Repair
Photo Repair
File Repair
Online Tools
Online Video Repair
Online Photo Repair
Online File Repair
Partition Manager
Partition Master
Personal disk manager
Partition Master Enterprise
Business disk optimizer
Edition Comparison
Partition Master Versions Comparison
Disk Copy
Hard drive cloning utility
Partition Master Free
Partition Master Pro
Backup & Restore
Todo Backup Personal
Personal backup solutions
Todo Backup Enterprise
Workstation and Server backup solutions
Todo Backup Technician
Business backup solutions
Edition Comparison
Todo Backup version comparison
Centralized Solutions
Central Management
Centralized backup strategy
System Deploy
Smart Windows deployment
MSPs Service
MSP Service
EaseUS Todo Backup White Label Service
Todo Backup Free
Todo Backup Home
Todo Backup for Mac
Multimedia
Screen Capture
RecExperts
Record video/audio/webcam
ScreenShot
Take Screenshot on PC
Online Screen Recorder
Record screen online free
Video Toolkit
Video Editor
Easy video editing software
Video Downloader
Download online video/audio
VideoKit
All-in-One video toolkit
Audio Tools
EaseUS VoiceWave
Change voice in real-time
Ringtone Editor
Make ringtones for iPhone
Vocal Remover (Online)
Remove vocals online for free
RecExperts for Windows
RecExperts for Mac
Video Downloader for Windows
Video Downloader for Mac
Utilities
Transfer Products
File Management
iPhone Utilities
More Products
Transfer Products
Todo PCTrans
Transfer data between PCs
MobiMover
Transfer iPhone data
ChatTrans
Easy WhatsApp Transfer Software
OS2Go
Windows To Go creator
File Management
PDF Editor
Create, edit or convert PDF
PDF Converter
Convert PDF files
DupFiles Cleaner
Find & Remove Duplicate Files
LockMyFile
Password protect files
iOS Utilities
MobiUnlock
Unlock iPhone passcode
MobiAnyGo
Fake iPhone location
MobiXpert
All-in-one iPhone Toolkit
More Products
DriverHandy
Driver update software
Key Finder
Find Product Keys
BitWiper
Wipe Sensitive Data
NTFS For Mac
Smart NTFS drive writer
CleanGenius Free
System optimization
Todo PCTrans Free
Todo PCTrans Pro
Todo PCTrans Technician
Edition Comparison
iPhone Data Transfer Free
iPhone Data Transfer Pro
Support
Support Center
Guides, License, Contact
Download
Download installer
Chat Support
Chat with a Technician
Pre-Sales Inquiry
Chat with a Sales Rep
Premium Service
Solve fast and more
Store

EaseUS Privacy Policy
EaseUS Privacy Policy
EaseUS respects your privacy choices. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this policy. What is personal information? Generally, this may include your first and last name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number. This information is used only for fast and efficient rendering of our products and services to our customers. In addition, we may use your personal information to provide you with important information about the product or service that you are using, including critical updates and notifications.
This policy covers the EaseUS websites. Some of our advertisers, affiliates, or programs have their own, possibly different policies.
EaseUS encourages you to read this privacy policy and those of all websites you visit. Below is a summary of EaseUS online privacy policy.
Types and Uses of Information
Your privacy is important to us.
EaseUS is committed to protecting your privacy. Because we collect two types of user information, General Statistical Information and Personal Identifying Information, we are providing you with this policy to inform you of how we use and, in limited circumstances, disclose such information.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of General Statistical Information
When you visit our websites we gather certain general information, such as frequency of downloads, number of hits on our websites, and usage statistics concerning our software products. This information is referred to throughout this policy as "General Statistical Information". We use and store this data only on a collective basis, in summary form, rather than on an individual basis. This data helps us to determine how and the extent to which certain parts of our websites and software are used. The stored General Statistical Information does not contain any Personal Identifying Information about you or any of our other users.
Collection and Use of Personal Identifying Information
In addition to collecting General Statistical Information, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information, such as your name, street address and email address, to enable us to respond to your requests and needs. Information that can reasonably be used to identify you is referred to in this policy as "Personal Identifying Information".
Personal Information may include, but is not limited to:
Your name and physical address, email addresses, and telephone numbers
Behavioral or demographic attributes
Past transactions on the Channels
Information obtained from third parties on your interests
Billing information (such as credit card number and its expiry date);
EaseUS uses and shares the Personal Information it collects (unless otherwise restricted by applicable law), to:
Engage in Transactions
: EaseUS may use Personal Information to engage in transactions with you.
Process Transactions:
EaseUS may use Personal Information along with financial, credit card, and payment information, to process your transactions.
Customer Support CRM system:
EaseUS may use your Personal Information to provide you support or other services you have ordered, as well as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Tailor Marketing to Your Needs
: EaseUS may use your Personal Information and Other Information to notify you about new product releases and service developments, and to advertise EaseUS products and services in accordance with this Policy. Your website visit, marketing experience.
Post Testimonials:
We post testimonials on our Channels that may contain Personal Information. Before posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. All the testimonials were approved by the users.
Improve Products, Services, and Experiences:
EaseUS may use your Personal Information to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and customer relationships.
When you fill out an on-line form to register to use our products and services, we collect the information in the form and other information you may give us. This may include information such as first name, last name, country, email, phone number, etc.
Collecting Information from Google APIs
(App’s) use and transfer of information received from Google APIs to any other app will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Collecting Information from Children
Company’s website or services are not directed to children. If you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected Personal Information of a minor through our Channels without appropriate consent, please notify us through email
[email protected]
so that we may immediately delete the information from our servers and make any other necessary corrections.
Children’s Privacy
EaseUS is committed to protecting the privacy of children who use this website. This children's privacy policy ("Children's Privacy Policy") explains our information collection, disclosure, and parental consent practices with respect to information provided by children under the age of 13 ("child" or "children"), and uses terms that are defined in our general Privacy Policy.
EaseUS takes the privacy of the Site's users very seriously. we will only collect and process Personal Data related to any child under 13 years of age, which you choose to disclose to us or otherwise instruct us to collect and process.
Security Measures
The security of your Personal Information is very important to our company. We have physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards throughout the site that are intended to help prevent the unauthorized release of or access to the user information we collect online. When you enter sensitive Personal Information such as your credit card number, we encrypt it using secure socket layer (SSL) technology. However, we cannot ensure the 100% security of your Personal Information. Various system failures or unauthorized access may jeopardize user information at any time. If you navigate to some other websites from our website, please be aware that we are no longer responsible for privacy policies of other sites and services.
Cookies
Most EaseUS websites use "cookies." Cookies help us provide a better user experience by measuring which website areas are of greatest interest. EaseUS can only read cookies from EaseUS websites. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of our websites.
Strictly Necessary Cookies - These cookies are essential to enable you to browse around our websites and use their features. Without these cookies, services like shopping baskets and e-billing cannot be provided.
We may display advertisements from third parties. Third party ad-serving companies control which ads are shown. These ad-serving companies may use cookies to collect non-personal information from you. They use this information to tailor the advertisements.
Managing Cookie Preferences:
You may access or change your cookie preferences at any time. If you have any problems using this cookie preference mechanism, please fill out an inquiry form.
Embedded URLs:
EaseUS may use a tracking technique that employs embedded URLs to allow use of the electronic Channels without cookies. Embedded URLs allow limited information to follow you as you navigate the electronic Channels, but are not associated with Personal Information and are not used beyond the session.
Users Options
EaseUS enables you to opt out of marketing communications at any time, you can unsubscribe from any promotional email from our company. Also you are able to correct material inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information, such as account or contact information at EaseUS account. If you want to delete your account, your personal information that is stored in our databases or want to opt-out of our services, please contact our Customer Support.
Linked Websites
We provide links to third party sites. Since we do not control these websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) third party sites.
Policy Updates
All updates to this policy will be posted here. Last update: November, 2023.
Questions
Please send any questions or comments on our privacy practices to
[email protected]
. EaseUS is committed to user privacy in our products and services.
Company
Discover EaseUS
Reviews & Awards
Contact EaseUS
Resellers
Affiliates
Outsourcing Service
Contact Support Team
Resources
PC Data Recovery Tips
Mac Data Recovery Tips
Storage Media Recovery Tips
Data Backup Tips
Disk Partition Tips
Disk Cloning Tips
PC Transfer Tips
Knowledge Center
Computer Solutions
AI Navigate
Privacy
Uninstall
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell
License Agreement
Terms & Conditions
My Account
Q&A
Data Recovery Questions
Data Backup Questions
Disk Management Questions
Follow us



Trustpilot
Copyright ©
EaseUS. All rights reserved.

English
