Video Lyrics - Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Please read this privacy policy carefully. By using the "Video Lyrics" app you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions described herein and all terms and conditions incorporated by reference. If you do not agree to all of
            the terms and conditions set forth below, you may not use this app.
What information we collect
Some information may be collected by AdMob for advertising purposes (
Google Privacy & Terms
).
Google Drive application data folder
The
application data folder
is a special hidden folder placed in your
Google Drive
account that the
Video Lyrics
app uses to store some necessary information. 
            In this case, the amount of coins you have available.
            To know more about what this coins are and what its purpose is, visit the
app home page
.
This
application data folder
is automatically created when the application saves this information (number of coins) in your
Google Drive
account. 
            You, as a user, don't interact directly with it. This folder is only accessible by the application and its contents are hidden from you and from other
Drive apps
.
The
application data folder
is deleted from your
Drive
when you uninstall the
Video Lyrics
application.
            You can also delete this folder manually by accessing your
Google Drive
account and going to the
Manage Apps
section in your settings.
In order for the
Video Lyrics
app to have access to this folder, you need to grant permissions to the application through OAuth 2.0 authentication.
            Through this process, a minimum scope (not restricted) will be requested.
            This scope (https://www.googleapis.com/auth/drive.appdata) is the minimum requirement for the application to be able to save the necessary data in the
application data folder
.
For more information about the
Application Data folder
, you can go to this
link
.
Requested permissions of Android device
Camera:
used to allow the user take a picture from the device camera.
Read external storage:
used to allow the user select a picture from the device photo gallery.
Read from Google Photos:
used to allow the user select a picture from Google Photos.
Write external storage:
used to save the created video.
Wake lock:
this allows the video to be rendered while the phone is locked.
Internet:
used by AdMob for advertising.