Privacy policy | Scholr
PRIVACY & IPR POLICY
We value your trust. In order to honour that trust, Inspilearn Education Private Limited (operating under the brandname ‘Scholr’) adheres to ethical standards in gathering, using, and safeguarding any information you provide. This Privacy & IPR policy ('Policy') governs your use of www.scholr.com ('Website') and the other associated applications, products, websites and services managed by the Company. Please read this Policy carefully before using the Application, Website, our services and products, along with the Terms of Use provided on the Application and the Website.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, APPLICATION, OR SERVICES IN CONNECTION WITH THE APPLICATION, WEBSITE OR PRODUCTS ('SERVICES'), OR REGISTRATIONS WITH US THROUGH ANY MODES OR USAGE OF ANY PRODUCTS INCLUDING THROUGH SD CARDS, TABLETS OR OTHER STORAGE/TRANSMITTING DEVICE SHALL SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THE SAME. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY, DO NOT USE THE WEBSITE, APPLICATION OUR PRODUCTS OR AVAIL ANY OF OUR SERVICES.
I. Privacy Policy
1. User Information
1.1. The Website/Services/products obtains the information you provide when you register/subscribe for the Services or products. When you register with us, you generally provide :
    a) your name, age, email address, location, phone number, password and your ward's educational interests;
    b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us;
    c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; 
    d) information you enter into our system when using the Application/Services/products, such as while asking doubts, participating in discussions and taking tests.
1.2. The said information collected from the users could be categorized as “Personal Information”, “Sensitive Personal Information” and “Associated Information”. Personal Information, Sensitive Personal Information and Associated Information (each as individually defined under this Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data or information) Rules, 2011 (the “Data Protection Rules”)) shall collectively be referred to as 'Information' in this Policy.
1.3. We may use the Information to contact you from time to time, to provide you with the Services, important information, required notices and marketing promotions. We will ask you when we need more information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you.
2. Use of your Personal Information
2.1. We use the collected Information to analyse trends, to conduct research, to administer the Website/Services and products, to learn about each user's learning patterns and movements around the Website/Services and products and to gather demographic information and usage behaviour about our user base as a whole. Aggregated and individual, anonymized and non-anonymized data may periodically be transmitted to external service providers to help us improve the Website, products and our Services. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described below in this Policy.
2.2. We may use the individual data and behavior patterns combined with personal information to provide you with personalized content, and better your learning objectives.
2.3. Third parties provide certain services which we may use to analyze the data and information to personalize, drive insights and help us better your experience or reach out to you with more value added applications, products, information and services. However, these third party companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
2.4. We do not sell, trade or rent your Information to any third party unless, we have been expressly authorized by you either in writing or electronically to do so. We may at times provide aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third parties, however this information when disclosed will be in an aggregate form and does not contain any of your Personally Identifiable Information. Scholr will occasionally send email notices or contact you to communicate about our Services, products and benefits, as they are considered an essential part of the Services/products you have chosen.
We may disclose Information:
• as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
• to enforce applicable Terms, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
• when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, address security or technical issues or respond to a government request;
• with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this Policy;
• to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of the Application/Website/ Company or its users or the public as required or permitted by law;
• with third party service providers in order to personalize the Application/Website/Services/products for a better user experience and to perform behavioural analysis;
• Any portion of the Information containing personal data relating to minors provided by you shall be deemed to be given with the consent of the minor's legal guardian. Such consent is deemed to be provided by your registration with us.
3.
Access to your Personal Information:
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your Personal Information is correct and current. If you have filled out a user profile, we will provide an obvious way for you to access and change your profile from our Application/Services/Website/products. We adopt reasonable security measures to protect your password from being exposed or disclosed to anyone.
4.
Cookies:
We send cookies (small files containing a string of characters) to your computer, thereby uniquely identifying your browser. Cookies are used to track your preferences, help you login faster, and aggregated to determine user trends. This data is used to improve our offerings, such as providing more content in areas of greater interest to a majority of users. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Some of our features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
5. Alerts: We may alert you by email or phone (through sms/call) to inform you about new service offerings or other information which we feel might be useful for you.
6. Public Forums: When you use certain features on our website like the discussion forums and you post or share your personal information such as comments, messages, files, photos, will be available to all users, and will be in the public domain. All such sharing of information is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information in your profile or when posting on our forums this information may become publicly available.
7. Security: We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your Information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect Information we process and maintain. Access to this Information shall be limited to authorized employees only who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application/Services/products/Website.
8. User Data retention: Currently, we plan to retain user data while an account is active and for at least three years afterward. We may alter this practice according to legal and business requirements. For example, we may lengthen the retention period for some data if needed to comply with law or voluntary codes of conduct. Unless otherwise prohibited, we may shorten the retention period for some types of data if needed to free up storage space.
9. Log information: When you access our Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
10. User communications: When you send an email or other communication to us, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our Services.

    11. Changes to this Statement: As the Company evolves, our privacy policy will need to evolve as well to cover new situations. You are advised to review this Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
12. Your Consent: We believe that, every user of our Services/products/Website must be in a position to provide an informed consent prior to providing any Information required for the use of the Services/products/Website. By registering with us , you are expressly consenting to our collection, processing, storing, disclosing and handling of your information as set forth in this Policy now and as amended by us. Processing, your information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining, sharing, transferring and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in India.
Advertising
We may make use of Ad networks like AdMob that allows us to generate earnings from our services using AdMob and Google ads at various places.
            You can access information about AdSense's program policies that we adhere to
here
Google may use the advertising ID from your device on which the ad is serving to generate interests and demographics (for example, 'sports enthusiasts'). Interests, demographics, and other data may be used to serve better targeted ads to you via the Google Mobile Ads SDK
            on our products/services or third-party services.
The information may also be used to serve you ads in relation to our products when you visit our website/app and third party websites. You can
            access information about Google's Privacy Policy
here
.
II. Intellectual Property Rights
1. Except as mentioned below, all information, content, material, trademarks, services marks, trade names, and trade secrets including but not limited to the software, text, images, graphics, video, script and audio, contained in the Website, Services and Products are proprietary property of the Company (“Proprietary Information”). The Products of the Company shall include but shall not be limited to the curated courses material designed and published by the Company and provided to the Users and the Tutors for delivering the Services to the Users.
2. No Proprietary Information may be copied, downloaded, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way without obtaining prior written permission from the Company and nothing on this Website or Services shall be or products deemed to confer a license of or any other right, interest or title to or in any of the intellectual property rights belonging to the Company, to the User.
3. You may own the medium on which the information, content or materials resides, but the Company shall at all times retain full and complete title to the information, content or materials and all intellectual property rights provided by the Company on such medium.
4. Certain contents on the Website may belong to third parties. Such contents have been reproduced after taking prior consent from said party and all rights relating to such content will remain with such third party. Further, you recognize and acknoweldge that the ownership of all trademarks, copyright, logos, service marks and other intellectual property owned by any third party shall continue to vest with such party and You are not permitted to use the same without the consent of the respective third party.
5. Your use of our Products, Website and Services is solely for Your personal and non-commercial use. Any use of the Website, Services or products or their contents other than for personal purposes is prohibited. Your personal and non-commercial use of this Website, products and / or our Services shall be subjected to the following restrictions.
6. You may not decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble the contents of the Products/  Website / Services or modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information or software obtained from the Website, or remove any copyright, trademark registration, or other proprietary notices from the contents of the Website /Services/Products.
7. You will not (a) use our Website and/or any of our Product/s or Service/s for commercial purposes of any kind, or (b) advertise or sell the any Products, Services or domain names or otherwise (whether or not for profit), or solicit others (including, without limitation, solicitations for contributions or donations) or use any public forum for commercial purposes of any kind, or (c) use the Website/our Products and Services in any way that is unlawful, or harms the Company or any other person or entity as determined by the Company.
8. No User shall be permitted to perform any of the following prohibited activities while availing our Services:
            a. Making available any content that is misleading, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, tortious, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, obscene, child-pornographic, lewd, lascivious, profane, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
b. Stalking, intimidating and/or harassing another and/or inciting other to commit violence;
c. Transmitting material that encourages anyone to commit a criminal offence, that results in civil liability or otherwise breaches any relevant laws, regulations or code of practice;
            d. Interfering with any other person's use or enjoyment of the Website/Services;
e. Making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright without the permission of the owner, committing any act that amounts to the infringement of intellectual property or making available any material that infringes any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights of anyone else;
f. Make available any content or material that You do not have a right to make available under any law or contractual or fiduciary relationship, unless You own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents for such use of the content;
g. Impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent Your affiliation with a person or entity;
h. Post, transmit or make available any material that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, spyware, time bombs, cancelbots, or other computer programming routines, code, files or such other programs that may harm the services, interests or rights of other users or limit the functionality of any computer software, hardware or telecommunications, or that may harvest or collect any data or personal information about other Users without their consent;
i. Access or use the Website/Services/Products in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair any of the Website's servers or the networks connected to any of the servers on which the Website is hosted;
j. Intentionally or unintentionally interfere with or disrupt the services or violate any applicable laws related to the access to or use of the Website/Services/Products, violate any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Website/Services/Products, or engage in any activity prohibited by these Terms;
k. Disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Website/Services/Products, materials, systems resources, or gain unauthorized access to user accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the Website/Services/Products or any affiliated or linked sites;
l. Interfere with, or inhibit any user from using and enjoying access to the Website/ Services/Products, or other affiliated sites, or engage in disruptive attacks such as denial of service attack on the Website/Services/Products;
m. Use deep-links, page-scrape, robot, spider or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process, to increase traffic to the Website/Services/Products, to access, acquire, copy or monitor any portion of the  /Website/Services/Products, or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the , or any content, to obtain or attempt to obtain any content, documents or information through any means not specifically made available through the  Website/Services/Products;
n. Alter or modify any part of the Services;
o. Use the Services for purposes that are not permitted by: (i) these Terms; and (ii) any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdiction; or
p. Violate any of the terms specified under the Terms for the use of the  /Website/Services/Products.
9. By submitting content on or through the Services (your “Material”), you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Material in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed) and to associate your Material with you, except as described below. You agree that others may use Your Material in the same way as any other content available through the Services. Other users of the Services may fork, tweak and repurpose your Material in accordance with these Terms. If you delete your user account your Material and name may remain available through the Services.
10. In the preparation of the Website/Services/Products and contents therein, every effort has been made to offer the most current, correct, and clearly expressed information possible. Nevertheless, inadvertent errors may occur. In particular, but without limiting anything here, the Company disclaims any responsibility for any errors and accuracy of the information that may be contained in the Website. Any feedback from User is most welcome to make the contents thereof error free and user friendly. Company also reserves the right and discretion to make any changes/corrections or withdraw/add contents at any time without notice. Neither the Company nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on Website/Services/Products for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
11. Our Website provides Users with access to compiled educational information and related sources. Such information is provided on an As Is basis and We assume no liability for the accuracy or completeness or use or non obsolescence of such information. We shall not be liable to update or ensure continuity of such information contained on the Website. We would not be responsible for any errors, which might appear in such information, which is compiled from third party sources or for any unavailability of such information.
III. CONSEQUENCES OF BREACH & INDEMNIFICATION:
1. In the event of breach of the Policy, the User shall be liable to pay liquidated damages alongwith costs of recovery of the damages to the Company. The User shall be further liable to compensate the Company for the losses incurred by the Company due to the breach of Policy by the User.
2. The Company shall be entitled to immediately suspend/terminate the Services being provided to the User if any of the terms of the Policy is breached by the User.
3. User agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from breach of any of the terms of the Policy.
4. In no event shall the Company, its officers, directors, employees, partners or agents be liable to You or any third party for any special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages whatsoever, including those resulting from loss of use, data or profits or any other claim arising out, of or in connection with, Your use of, or access to, the Application.
IV. General Provisions:
• Notice: All notices served by the Company shall be provided via email to Your account or as a general notification on the Application. Any notice to be provided to the Company should be sent to support@scholr.com.
• Entire Agreement: The Terms, along with the Privacy & IPR Policy, and any other guidelines made applicable to the Application from time to time, constitute the entire agreement between the Company and You with respect to Your access to or use of the Application, Website and the Services thereof.
• Assignment: You cannot assign or otherwise transfer Your obligations under the Terms, or any right granted hereunder to any third party. The Company’s rights under the Terms are freely transferable by the Company to any third parties without the requirement of seeking Your consent.
• Severability: If, for any reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Terms, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to give effect to the intent of the parties as reflected by that provision, and the remainder of the Terms shall continue in full force and effect.
• Waiver: Any failure by the Company to enforce or exercise any provision of the Terms, or any related right, shall not constitute a waiver by the Company of that provision or right.
• The Company provides these Terms so that You are aware of the terms that apply to your use of the Website/Application and Services. You acknowledge that, the Company has given You a reasonable opportunity to review these Terms and that You have agreed to them.
• Dispute Resolution: In case of any dispute or difference between the user and the Company, regarding the interpretation of these terms and conditions, any claims or any dispute arising out of or in pursuant to these terms and condition the same shall be referred to a sole arbitrator who shall be appointed by the directors of the Company. The proceedings shall be conducted under the provisions of Arbitration & Conciliation Act and the courts at Mumbai only shall have jurisdiction over the matter and/or for enforcement as the case may be.
Reach us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please contact us via email at
            info@scholr.com.