Peml Art - Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation
Peml Art
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and thus we have prepared this Privacy Policy document explaining our policy regarding your privacy for this mobile application namely, Peml Art. Peml Art respects the privacy of it’s users and is committed to protect it in all respects.
Analytics
Peml Art use analytics (usage data) in order to understand how users engage with our apps and how to improve them. When you use these apps your device automatically sends certain information to our analytics partners Firebase (Google) that does not access any AdSupport.framework code or the IDFA on any code paths. The gathered information includes, for example, the device type, the session length, and interactions with various user interface elements in the application. The analytics data collected is anonymous and is not personal data. We also collect certain device information that will help us diagnose problems in the (hopefully rare) event you experience any crash or other problem while using our Services. So, for example, if we detect a crash or other problematic event, we may collect the list of apps on your device and other information about your device’s performance at the time of the event for troubleshooting purposes.
Link to third party services
Peml Art provides option to search photos in web using our service partners Bing (Microsoft). When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search photos, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
Link to third party apps
Peml Art provides option to share edited images using third party social applications such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter etc. Such applications are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you share your image using these applications, use of any information provided by you is governed by the privacy policy of these Application. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the Application’s homepage, you should contact the Application directly for more information.
Children’S Privacy:
If you are a minor, you shall use our services with obtaining prior consent of your parent or legal guardian (collectively, "guardian"). We recommend that the guardians of minors shall read this Policy carefully, and we also recommend minors to obtain guardians’ prior consent and guidance before submitting personal information in your use of our services.
                Peml Art respects the privacy of children under the terms of COPPA. We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us via support@peml.art.
Third Part Policy check list:
Firebase
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Microsoft
https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Peml Art may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. If we change our policy for any reason, we will update the 'Last updated' date at the bottom of this page.
Complaints
Any complaints or request or concerns for reporting any abuse of laws or breach of any privacy policy may be taken up by sending an email to support@peml.art.
LAST UPDATED
The Privacy Policy was last updated on 27 May, 2021