AppLock Privacy Policy
AppLock Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to AppLock. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, this privacy statement applies to AppLock.
Personal Information
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
Non-Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user's behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising
Third-party Advertisers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Application. These companies may use information about your visits to the Application and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. One of those partners is Appvestor, whom respects the users fundamental legal rights to data protection and privacy. Click on the following link to access Appvestor’s Privacy Policy ( https://legal.calldorado.com/privacy-policy/ ) and End-User License Agreement ( https://legal.calldorado.com/usage-and-privacy-terms/ ) .
The main Permission used by AppLock are described below.
Camera & Recording Audio
Used to take pictures and videos when an external user unsuccessfully tries to unlock after unsuccessful attempts.
Get your account
Used to identify users who have purchased an existing paid version.
Read phone state
Used to lock incoming calls to prevent others from receiving them.
Make phone calls and switch calls
Used to lock outgoing calls.
SMS receive
Used for remote lock (lock and unlock with SMS).
Repository access
Used to get the background of the lock screen, or to store backup files and so on.
Device Administrator
Used to prevent AppLock being uninstalled and does not use any other Device Administrator functions.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at lembark.solutions@gmail.com
Privacy Policy | © Lembark Solutions.