kkapps Privacy Policy
Skip to content
kkapps Privacy Policy
Menu
+
×
expanded
collapsed
Home
Home
This privacy policy signifies how any information you give us
kkapps
while using our Apps or Games is used and protected.Your privacy is very important for us, and we take it solemnly.
These terms apply to all products developed by
kkapps
(‘we’ / ‘us’).
Please read on to learn more about our data handling modes. Your use of the Service implies that you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy associated with
kkapps
. If you don’t agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use our Products and Services.
We collect Non-Personal Information via the usage of apps and games from our users which can be IMEI, MAC Address, Android/Ios Operating System version, Device Id, Gps Which is not identifiable and safely stored. We do not collect any type of PII from our users.
Permissions are opt-in and you can always change your setting in your mobile device in the Settings – Apps – Permissions section. We may deliver advertising to you in conjunction with your use of our services.
These advertising companies may collect some non-personal information for analytics reasons and to show advertising related to the user search result.
We take consistent steps to protect the Non-Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
We may keep this information with us as much time as we want or we may destroy if we found of no use. We use Ad Serving Technology in our apps and games that may accumulate some non-personally information for analytics purposes. We ensure that this information is non-identifiable and never classifies anyone.
We may update this policy anytime, so we request you to review this policy at certain time intervals.
For any suggestions related to any product improvement or any complaint about this policy, contact us immediately at our Email. We will be happy to consider your suggestions.
Email:-
kandkfontapps@outlook.com
kkapps Privacy Policy
,
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Subscribe
Subscribed
kkapps Privacy Policy
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
kkapps Privacy Policy
Customize
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started