Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
This Policy is effective when the User clicks on the "AGREE" button during the CashEm account creation process and by doing so, you agree that you have read and understood the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with these terms or if you are younger than 13, please do not use our Services.
Information Collection And Use：
We will collect the software packages installed on your current device (it will show you the first time you open the app), and we may encrypt them and upload them to our server to verify whether your device is a cheating device, and then we will delete it immediately This information will not be retained.
When you use certain features of our Website, we may collect personally identifiable information from you that may include your email address, paypal address and your personal information when you registered your account, profile picture. We automatically collect non-personally identifiable information such as IP addresses and website usage information from you when you visit our Website. We also collects information about your device, including but not limited to android_id, make and model of your phone, your mobile operating system, your carrier or network, installed apps and the country code associated with your device and user location information.
We may retrieve the contents of your device's clipboard so that you can quickly paste content in our application. We will only use this information to provide application functionality and we will not collect or share this information unless we obtain your explicit permission or are required to do so by law.
Push Notifications.We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the App. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
We may need the user to allow the permission of the floating window, the user can choose whether to enable this permission according to the actual situation.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your personally identifiable information outside of CashEm.
Log Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics (“Log Data”). In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Delete Personal Information
You may withdraw your consent to the collection of personal information at any time by sending a written request to support@cashinsta.xyz, Upon receiving notice that you have revoked your consent, we will stop processing your personal information within a reasonable time, which will vary depending on what information we have collected and for what purpose, Please note that by choosing to withdraw such consent, you may not be able to continue to use the Services or any of the benefits you have earned. You may also ask us to delete your account By deleting your account, however, any loyalty points that you have earned and not redeemed will be deleted Please note that we will send you an email requesting your confirmation before we delete your account.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.