Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
September 10, 2019
Privacy Policy
Sirio Softech
Privacy Policy:
Your privacy is important to us. It is Sirio Softech 's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you through our app, True Location Caller ID.
SUMMARY
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.

  Who we share data (Geolocation and geospatial data etc..), Mobile device information and application analytics, including IP address and referral URL, improve, analyze and personalize the Services for You. We have enhanced our privacy center to provide You with more ability to access and control Your data.

  If you choose to use [my/our] Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that [I/We] collect is used for providing and improving the Service. [I/We] will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

  We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.

  Our app may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.

  You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.

  Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.

  Subject always to obtaining your prior consent, we may:provide your information to third parties (such as Google and advertising networks) to serve more relevant advertisements or special offers and promotions to You.

  We do not: store or share any personal information of contacts from Your address book or provide reverse number look up of contacts from Your address book.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Facebook
Fabric
Crashlytics
Facebook Account Kit
Facebook Account Kit:
Account Kit is a quick and easy way to log in to new apps using just your email address or phone number – no password needed. It helps you avoid creating another new username and password for every app you want to try. In addition, Account Kit doesn't need a Facebook account for you to log in to an app. Even if you have a Facebook account, you won't have to share information directly from your Facebook Profile to log in to apps with Account Kit.
* What information does the app receive when I use Account Kit?
If you use your email address or phone number to log in to an app with Account Kit, you agree to share that information with the app. Logging in to apps with Account Kit doesn't share information directly from your Facebook Profile with the app. As with all apps, developers can decide what other types of information they collect from people after they log in.
* What information does Facebook receive when I use Account Kit?
If you use your email address or phone number to log in to an app with Account Kit, Facebook will send you an email or SMS confirmation code that you can use to log in to the app. In addition to receiving your phone number or email address, Facebook also receives information about the device you're using as well as other information that app developers may choose to share with us in order to use Facebook tools in their apps. Facebook uses all the information it receives to provide and improve its services, including personalising content, tailoring and measuring ads, and providing a safer experience. Please see our Data Policy for more information about the ways Facebook collects, uses and shares information. Please also review the terms and policies of the app that you're using for additional information about their practices.
* How do I stop receiving SMS messages or delete my Account Kit account from an app or website?
To delete your account from an app or website, go to "Manage Account" on the www.accountkit.com site. Log in with your phone number or email address, and you can then opt to either "Stop Account Kit SMS" or "Remove This App".
* My confirmation SMS message hasn't arrived. What should I do?
Please confirm that the phone number you've entered is correct and uses the proper international format (with country code). Then, make sure that your device is on, has signal and isn't in flight mode, and try to enter your phone number again. In areas with weak mobile signal, you may need to restart your phone. Alternatively, if you have a Facebook account and have your phone number listed on Facebook, you can choose to receive a notification on Facebook to complete the login process.
* My confirmation SMS message has arrived, but it looks weird (contains symbols or question marks).
Account Kit uses different kinds of SMS code to make sure that you have the best experience. In some cases, however, your mobile service provider or network may not support this code. If you have a Facebook account and have your phone number listed on Facebook, you can choose to receive a notification on Facebook to complete the login process.
* How was my phone number verified with Account Kit without an SMS message?
If you are signed in to the Android Facebook app on your phone and your phone number listed on Facebook matches the one you entered, Account Kit can verify the phone number without the extra step of receiving and entering in a verification code via SMS.
* Does verifying my phone number with Account Kit share any of my Facebook data with the app or site I signed in to?
Using Account Kit to sign in to an app with your phone number or email address does not share your Facebook data with the app or site that you signed in to.

 No, Account Kit does not require a Facebook account and does not enable sharing of your information to the app or site you sign in to.
GEOLOCATION
We gather your area data through your device’s IP address, Bluetooth, WiFi, and GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude/longitude) accessible through your cell phone. We may likewise collect data about your area by utilizing different technologies and sensors that may give us with data about devices nearby, WiFi access points and systems, and adjacent cell towers. We gather and maintain location data to give you the functionality and features of the Service. We may likewise share certain location data to third parties for analytic, marketing, research and other different purposes. If you prefer to opt out of the accumulation of your motion and sensory information, it is necessary for you to alter your settings in your mobile phone to limit the application's access to this information.
PERSONALIZE OUR ADVERTISING AND COMMUNICATIONS.
Subject to the choices You make upon registration and in Your settings at any time, we may use the information collected, as set out above, to provide You with location and interest based advertising, marketing messaging, information and services. We may also use the collected information to measure the performance of our advertising and marketing services. Furthermore, we may contact You for verification purposes or with information pertaining to the Services or special offers, e.g. newsletter e-mails, SMS and similar notifications.
Cookies
Cookies are very important. Websites use them mainly to check the status of user's orders on their website. They do not identify users, only their computers. These cookies allow Us to manage the state of the order and can provide special offers to the customers. When you access the Service, We collect certain technical information in order to (I) analyze the usage of our sites and services; (ii) provide a more personalized experience; and (iii) manage advertising. We and service providers acting on our behalf, such as Google Analytics, use Log Files and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain types of technical information, including cookies, IP addresses, device type, device identifiers, browser types, browser language, referring and exit pages, and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, game state and the date and time of activity on our websites or games, and other similar information. In some cases, we will associate this information with your user ID number for our internal use.
Your cookie options
Most browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may limit your user experience as it may stop you from saving customized settings like login information and other personalized preferences. Please note that opting out will not remove advertising from the pages you visit; it will mean that the ads you see may not be matched to your interests.
LOG DATA
I/We] want to inform you that whenever you use [my/our] Service, in a case of an error in the app [I/We] collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing [my/our] Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In addition to the sharing and disclosure of personal information WE may disclose personal information if we believe such action is necessary to:

1: comply with the law, or legal process served on us;
2: protect and defend our rights and the enforcement of our agreements; or
3: protect the security and safety of Users or members of the public or other aspects of public importance, provided, of course, that such disclosure is lawful.
INFORMATION SECURITY:
Sirio Softech may use cloud based services and subcontract storage or processing of Your information to third parties located in countries other than Your home country in order to provide the Services, including e.g. the USA. Information collected within the Europemay, for example, be transferred to and processed in a country outside of Europe, which may not provide the same level of protection for personal data as within Europe. We adopted a legal mechanism for the international transfer of data to a third party located in a country outside Europe. We take all reasonable precautions to protect personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access. Sirio Softech has implemented physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in order to protect the information, including that the information if we collect will be stored on secured servers and protected by secured networks to which access is limited to a few authorized employees and personnel. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. [I/We] do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case [I/We] discover that a child under 13 has provided [me/us] with personal information, [I/We] immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact [me/us] so that [I/We] will be able to do necessary actions.
Other information we use and how we use it:
1. Geo location (network-based)
This permission is used to get location information to provide our Services, and may share your own data, including location information, with other application clients in your Family Circle or other Circle you belong to, and with third parties for advertising or different purposes.
2. Read Google service configuration
This information is used to acquire advertising ID. We provide users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID.
3. View network connections
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to view network connections.
4. View Wi-Fi connections
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to view Wi-Fi connections.
5. Notifications and Emails
We will make any and every effort to immediately process all unsubscribe notifications. We may likewise send you Service-related messages (e.g., account check, parental assent warning, request affirmations, change or updates to highlights of the Service, specialized and security takes note). You may not opt out of Service-related messages.
How we protect your information:
I/We] may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. [I/We] will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. so please review it periodically.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions or suggestions about [my/our] Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact [me/us] at Sirio Softech.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Sirio Softech
Visit profile
Archive
September 2019
1
Report Abuse