AADHK | W&O Point of Sale | Restaurant KDS
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how AADHK handles your personal information, and sets out the rights and obligations that both you and AADHK have in relation to your personal information.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
The Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. 
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
AADHK
Room 1905, Nan Fung Centre
264-298, Castle Peak Road, Tsuen Wan
Hong Kong
Email: info@androidapphk.com
Copyright © 2011 - 2017
Android Application Development Hong Kong.
All Rights Reserved