Sportractive
Sportractive
Toggle navigation
App
(current)
About
Help
Privacy Policy Sportractive App
The Sportractive app uses the following personal data:
Birthday: For the calculation of the heart rate zone and the body measure
Weight: To calculate the energy consumption of a workout and the body measure
Gender: To calculate the energy consumption of a workout and the body measure
Size: To calculate the energy consumption of a workout and the body measure
The Sportractive app can be used without the above mentioned data.
            But the functionality of energy and heart rate zone calculation is not given then.
These personal data will remain exclusively on the phone and are not
            transmitted through the Sportractive App.
            By uninstalling the Sportractive App these data will also be deleted.
The Sportractive app uses the current GPS position consisting of
            longitude and latitude to load the map from Google.com and the
            local weather data from Sportractive.com.
            Together with the weather data, error counters are transmitted.
            These contain no personal data and are used for debugging.
            The transmission of weather data and error counter can be deactivated.
            The GPS position, rounded to degrees, is used to load the digital elevation model from
            Sportractive.com. The loading of the digital elevation model can be deactivated. If the
            Sportractive App crashes, a bug report is sent to Sportractive.com. This bug report does
            not
            contain any personal information and ist used for debugging only.
No registration or internet community membership is needed to use the Sportractive App.
The Sportractive app offers sharing, sync, upload and export functions.
            With these a user can share data, entered or collected by the use of the app,
            with other apps or internet services.
When the Sportractive app is connected 
            to Google Fit, Sportractive writes the workout data sport, date, 
            duration, calories and distance to Google Fit after a workout is finished. The Sportractive app does not 
            read any data from Google Fit.
The Sportractive app Data Sync can store workouts, body measurements and other data on Google Drive for Apps and additionally synchronize between a user's devices. 
            The data is stored encrypted in a protected directory on Google Drive for Apps. 
            Other apps do not have access to it and the Sportractive app does not have access to other data in Google Drive.
To provide Sportractive app Data Sync, we may require you to provide us, either directly or indirectly, with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to user name, email, and Oauth2 credentials. 
		The information that we request will be retained by us only for technical reasons. 
		We do not give this personal information to others. And we do not use it for marketing or advertising.

		The Sportractive app Data Sync uses the Google App drive service. The privacy policy can be found here:
Google Sign-in and Google Drive Services
The Sportractive app Data Sync uses Google's Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) technology.
            For this purpose, the app generates a device-related and a user-related identifier and stores them at Sportractive. 
            The identifier is used exclusively for synchronization. 
            FCM is only used to start the synchronization and not to transfer data. FCM is set to be as data-saving as possible.
The Sportractive app is available in different variants. Each variant has a start icon in a different color. Only the variant with the dark blue icon uses AdMob by Google to display ads. With this variant, AdMob allows you to block certain ads by following Google's instructions: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922 . For more information about how Google handles the information it collects, please visit: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or visit Google's privacy policy: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ . Here you will find a link that allows you to turn personalized advertising on and off.
Data entered or collected by use of the Sportractive app will be stored in the hidden
            app folder on your mobile device. Unless the security mechanisms of the mobile device
            have been bypassed, the data can only be read by the app itself.
            Data in the hidden app folder is not encrypted.
We recommend installing firmware updates from the manufacturer immediately,
            set up a secure device lock and enable device encryption.
Each user has the right to ask if and what kind of information is stored about him/her.
            Users also have the right to correct, restrict the processing and deletion of the data
            as well as data portability. Requests can be sent to
privacy@sportractive.com
.
If you feel the need to make a complaint about Sportractive’s data protection practices,
            the relevant authority is the
BayLDA
.
Imprint
|
Privacy Policy
|
de
|
en
|
pt
|
fr
|
					 			Copyright 2019 Sportractive.