Privacy – SeattleAPPS
Skip to content
SeattleAPPS
Menu
Home
About
Contact
Privacy
Privacy
SeattleAPPS Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 1, 2017. Last revised on January 1,
2017.
At
SeattleAPPS
(“our” “us” or “we”) we recognize that privacy is
important. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to all your use of the
SeattleAPPS
applications, the related services we provide. We has created this Policy
to explain our privacy practices so you will understand what information about
you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Applications and the
Services. By using any Application and the Services€, you consent to the privacy
practices described in this Policy.
1. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information.
We
do not
collect Personal Information.
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person,
which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services
and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location
information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax and
other device numbers, social security numbers, calendar entries stored within
your Device, contact entries stored within your Device, files, content,
photographs, location information and other metadata in photographs and other
information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Services, and/or
the Site which identifies you or another person
Non-Personal
Information.
We collect Non-Personal Information. “Non-Personal Information”
is information that does not identify you or any other individual, and includes
Session and Usage Data and Log Data, each as described below.
Session and Usage Data.
“Session and Usage Data” is information about your use of an
Application, the Services and/or the Site and includes, without limitation,
connection and service-related data submitted to us through your use of an
Application, the Services or the Site. Session and Usage Data includes
information relating to the connection request, server communication and data
sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, and date, time and
location of the bump. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not include
any Personal Information nor does it include Content you may transmit or share
through the use of an Application (such as photos, contacts, calendar
appointments, etc.), the Services, or the Site.
Log Data.
When you interact with us or use an Application, the Services or our Site, our systems
may automatically collect your unique User Device number, the IP address, type
of browser or operating system you use, and the dates and times of your use
(“Log Data”). Information helps us understand trends in our Users’ needs so that
we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Applications, the
Services and the Site.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Personal Information. Since we do not collect Personal Information, we may
not use your Personal Information in any way. Non-Personal Information. We may
use Non-Personal Information for any purpose, including for our own internal
purposes; to measure traffic patterns; to understand demographics, customer
interest, and other trends among our Users; to provide, improve and modify the
Applications, Services and the Site; and for promotion and marketing purposes.
We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as
combining your name with your unique User Device number).
3. THIRD-PARTY SITES
This Policy only covers our collection, use and disclosure of your
information through the Applications, the Services and the Site. It does not
cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any
applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own,
such as Facebook, or any third party features or services made available via an
Application, the Services or the Site. We shall not be liable for the
collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information by any third
parties. Although we don’t collect any Personal Information, the Applications,
the Services and the Site use third party services, which may do so. These
services are:
• Google Admob. Their privacy policy can be found
here:
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
• Google Mobile App Analytics. Their privacy here:
http://www.google.com/analytics/mobile.
4. SECURITY
SeattleAPPS
is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of
your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ
administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your
Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use.
5. CONTACTING US / REPORTING
VIOLATIONS
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy
practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application,
the Services or the Site, please contact us at
guanxiyis@gmail.com
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Search for:
Social
View #’s profile on Facebook
View wordpressdotcom’s profile on Twitter
View #’s profile on Instagram
View #’s profile on Pinterest
View #’s profile on LinkedIn
Website Built with WordPress.com
.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
SeattleAPPS
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
SeattleAPPS
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this: