Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Effective date : September 25, 2018
1. PRIVACY POLICY
Warning Zuzu Sounds may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your primary account holder account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy. Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date. We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information. We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be contact us.
2. Terms and Conditions of Use
By accessing this mobile application, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this application. The materials contained in this mobile application are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on MBFG's mobile application for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: test test test This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by MBFG at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
Disclaimer
The materials on Zuzu Sounds's mobile application are provided "as is". MBFG makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, MBFG does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its mobile application or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
In no event shall Zuzu Sounds or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Zuzu Sounds's mobile application, even if Zuzu Sounds or a Zuzu Sounds authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
Revisions and Errata The materials appearing on Zuzu Sounds's mobile application could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Zuzu Sounds does not warrant that any of the materials on its mobile application are accurate, complete, or current. Zuzu Sounds may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Zuzu Sounds does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
Links
Zuzu Sounds has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its mobile application and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by MBFG of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
Site Terms of Use Modifications
Zuzu Sounds may revise these terms of use for its mobile application at any time without notice. By using this mobile application you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
3. CONTACT INFORMATION
Users may contact Zuzu Sounds with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy using the contact form or may address such queries and / or comments to camguntkema@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse