Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
More
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
t3leem team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how t3leem collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with t3leem’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. t3leem reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If t3leem makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, t3leem may post a notice on t3leem’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data t3leem may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all t3leem users.
t3leem may use and disclose to t3leem’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other t3leem services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by t3leem may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by t3leem is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account
information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. t3leem also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
t3leem may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other t3leem services and products. t3leem may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, t3leem may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to t3leem. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. t3leem may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by t3leem and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
t3leem collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, t3leem may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
t3leem may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on t3leem’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by t3leem. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. t3leem may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. t3leem has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for t3leem. t3leem is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
t3leem may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or t3leem to legal liability. t3leem may also disclose your personal data to third parties when t3leem has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with t3leem’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or t3leem believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect t3leem ’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on t3leem. To the extent permitted by applicable law, t3leem will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through t3leem’s website or in another reasonable manner.
Safeguards
t3leem follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in t3leem’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in t3leem’s possession. Personal data collected by t3leem is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, t3leem maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite t3leem’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services t3leem may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. t3leem is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. t3leem takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. t3leem does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if t3leem learns that t3leem has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, t3leem will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from t3leem’s records.
t3leem may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. t3leem may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of t3leem’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
t3leem regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If t3leem receives a formal written complaint from you, it is t3leem’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. t3leem will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and t3leem.
3rd party services
We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.
Advertising
3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on t3leem apps, possibly based on user interests.
Admob
We use Admob by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob Privacy Policy – https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Analytics
3rd party analytics services allow us to monitor and analyze app usage, better understand our audience and user behavior.
Flurry
We use Flurry Analytics to collect, monitor and analyze log data, including frequency of use, length of time spent in the app, in order to improve functionality and user-friendliness of our apps. Please see Flurry Privacy Policy – http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google utilizes the collected data to track and examine the use of t3leem Apps, to prepare reports on user activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Contact Us
mail: abdelhameedhamed9@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse