Privacy Policy - Evozi Services & Products
Privacy Policy for Evozi Services & Products
1. Privacy Policy
Evozi PLT. ("Evozi") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to data collected by Evozi through www.evozi.com and the software/apps provided and owned by Evozi (collectively, the "Site"), our mobile and desktop apps (the "Apps") and all related sites, widgets, tools, apps, data, software, APIs and other services provided by Evozi (the “Services”)
Evozi reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective to you immediately upon posting. Notice of material changes to either document will be posted on the website’s homepage and/or will be provided by e-mailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes. However, Evozi encourages you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Service often for updates.
This Privacy Policy is a part of the terms and conditions which are set forth in our Terms of Service. Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Service. Both the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service are legally binding on all users and you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service.
Please read all information as provided below. Evozi welcomes any questions or comments you may have regarding this Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect, maintain, use or disclose personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"). Any such questions or comments, or if more information regarding any item not listed below is needed, should be submitted via email to support@evozi.com .
At Evozi, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Evozi and how it is used.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
We will only use your Personal Information when the applicable laws allow us to do so. In general, we use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
Provision of services:
to present Evozi Services and its contents to you, including any interactive features on Evozi, and to provide you with information, products or services that you allow us to;
Improvement of services:
to improve and personalize our services by presenting new services, information, recommendations, and feedback;
Customer management:
to manage a registered user's account, to provide customer support and notices to the registered user about his account or subscription, and notices about changes to Evozi or any other product or service we offer or provide through it;
Communication:
to communicate and interact with you directly, for an example, we may send notifications regarding upcoming changes, promotion activities or improvements on Evozi Services;
Performance Analysis:
to determine whether users of Evozi Services are unique, or whether the same user is using Evozi Services on multiple occasions, and to monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, number of videos viewed, demographic patterns;
Functionality and security:
to identify users not meeting the age limit, to diagnose or fix technology problems, and to detect, prevent, and respond to actual or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual property infringement;
Compliance:
to enforce our terms of use and to comply with our legal obligations;
Aggregation:
to aggregate information we collect about you to which one or more purposes described above.
Cookie:
We may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use our Product and its features. Also, we may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party. You may be able to limit the amount of information collected from your device (e.g., computer, phone, or tablet) with us by adjusting your device or browser settings. However, by preventing us from collecting information from you, we may not be able to provide some functions on our Services.
3. COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Log Files
No personal data is collected. Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and remember certain information. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Inte
We use cookies to:
Save user's preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Evozi has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.evozi.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Evozi takes the privacy of users very seriously. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
Third Party Ad Companies
Advertisements Displayed by Third Parties. Evozi may allow third-party ad serving companies, including ad networks, to display advertisements on the Site. Ad serving companies may place a persistent cookie on your computer in order to recognize your computer each time they display an online advertisement to you, and as such, they may be able to compile information over time about whether you reviewed or clicked on advertisements they display. These companies may use this information to display targeted advertisements and may associate this information with your subsequent visits, purchases or other activities on participating advertisers’ sites.
4. DATA SECURITY.
We take appropriate administrative, technical and physical security measures to safeguard your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access Personal Information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption in the transmission of certain your Personal Information between your system and ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your Personal Information. Please be advised, however, that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with the storage and transmission of your Personal Information. You should use caution whenever submitting information through Evozi Services and take special care in deciding which information you provide us with.
5. RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION.
We will retain your Personal Information and other information for as long as you maintain your Evozi
account.
How to request the deletion of user data
You may request deletion of your account at any time by sending email to
[email protected]
Following such
request with appropriate review by us, we will delete the data that it is not required to retain for purposes of
regulatory, tax, insurance, litigation, or other legal requirements. For example, we retains location, device, and
usage data for these purposes for a reasonable period as may be necessary; while it retains such data, it may also
use it for purposes of safety, security, fraud prevention and detection, and research and development. In certain
circumstances, we may be unable to delete your account, such as if there’s a balance on the account or an unresolved
claim or dispute. Upon resolution of the issue preventing deletion, we will delete the account as described
above.
We may also retain certain information if necessary for purposes of safety, security, and fraud prevention. For
example, if we deactivate a user’s account because of unsafe behavior or security incidents, we may retain certain
information about that account to prevent that user from opening a new Evozi account in the future.
How do we protect information of underage users?
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under 18 years old (or the minimum age requirement for
creation of an Evozi Account without parental consent in your country), unless permitted to do so by applicable law.
Children under 18 years old are not permitted to use our Services. If we become aware that we have unknowingly
collected personal information from a minor, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information in our
database. If you are a parent or guardian of a minor, and you believe your child has provided us with their Personal
Information on our Services, please contact us immediately.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Last amended: 19 Dec 2021