
Hindi Panchang Calendar - Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based 
on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use 
non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled 
over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest 
to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral 
advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Google Analytics
It tracks how the app is being used. It does not track or use any personal information.
It will  accumulate usage data and transmit it over the internet.
For instance, OS version, feature of the app being used.
The data will be used to make the User Interface and Experience better.
Horoscope and Match Making
During Horoscope Making, Match Making, PDF Kundli we collects personal information including your name, gender, birth information, email address, 
and your place of birth and residence. This information is used to calculate your accurate horoscope. You do not have to provide any personal 
information to use our services.
Through Order Forms
We gather information that is required to fulfill our paid services though our order forms. This personal is maintained in strict confidence. 
As stated earlier, we guarantee confidentiality of our members' identity, birth details and the prediction made possible under legal regulatory 
and security environment. We further guarantees that no direct or indirect use will be made by us about any information that is revealed in the 
prediction for a member, except for the explicit purpose of communicating the horoscope charts and predictions back to the member.
Location
We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like Panchang Data, 
Chaughadiya Data and other related services. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS, IP address, Sensor data from your device,
Information about things near your device, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices. The types of location data we collect 
depend in part on your device.
Information Collectiopn and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
The information that we requested will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use thirtd party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app :
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app :
Google Play Services and Google Admob :
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Firebase Analytics :
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics