Keeng
Please read the Terms of Use ("Terms") carefully before installing any part of the Keeng application ("App")
        (including but not limited to the software, files and related documents) or use the services provided by Viettel
        Telecom Corporation to connect to the Application. You accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions
        of these Terms when performing the above actions.
If you do not agree with any of our terms of use (this version and any updated versions), please do not
        download, install, use the Application or remove the Application from your device.
1. Update
These Terms may be regularly updated by Viettel Telecom Corporation, the updated version will be published by us
        at
        THE website: http://keeng.vn. The updated version will supersede the provisions and terms of the original Terms.
        You
        can access the Application or the website above to view the detailed content of the updated version.
2. About the Application
Keeng is the leading free music player in Vietnam. With high quality music and free 3G data, you will have the
        best
        music experience on your mobile device.
3. Application Ownership
This application is developed and owned by Viettel Telecom Corporation, all intellectual property rights related
        to
        the Application (including but not limited to source code, images, data, information, content in the
        Application;
        any amendments, additions, updates to the Application) and related manuals (if any) shall be owned solely by
        Viettel
        Telecom Corporation and no individual or organization may copy, reproduce, distribute, or otherwise infringe
        upon
        the rights of the owner without the prior written consent and permission of Viettel Telecom Corporation.
4. Account
To make the most of the Application, you should create an account following our instructions. You undertake that
        the
        use of your account must comply with the regulations of the Viettel Telecom Group, and all the information you
        provide to us is accurate, and be completed at the time of request.
All your rights and obligations will be based on your registered account information, so if there is any false
        information we will not be responsible in case that information affects or limit your rights.
You have the right to use the Application and other services we provide, but such use shall not include the
        following acts without the written consent of Viettel Telecom Corporation:
Copy, modify, reproduce new product or reborn version on the basis of Keeng Application;
Sell, transfer, sublicense, disclose or otherwise transfer or give part or all of the Application to any
            third
            party;
Use the Application to provide services to any third parties (organizations, individuals);
Move, remove, change any legitimate notices or markings of the Application (including but not limited to
            copyright
            statements);
Redesign, compile, disassemble, modify, reverse the engine of the Application, or its contents;
Change or cancel the initial state of the Application;
Use the Application to perform any harmful action to the network security system of Viettel Telecom
            Corporation,
            including but not limited to using data or accessing network servers to delete , edit and add information;
            distribute malicious programs, viruses or take any other action to harm or destroy the network system;
Log in and use the Application using a compatible third-party software or system that is not developed,
            authorized
            or approved by Viettel Telecom Corporation.
Use, sell, lend, copy, modify, connect, translate, publish, publish information related to the
            Application;
Use the Application to post, transfer, transmit or store information that violates the law, violates the
            nation's
            fine customs and traditions;
Use the Application or other services provided by Viettel Telecom Corporation in any form of violation of
            the
            law,
            for any illegal purpose;
Using an avatar image that contains Keeng logo or images that violate fine customs and traditions,
            updating
            images
            in the album with Keeng logo, naming personal accounts as Keeng or other usernames that may cause mistaken
            for
            Keeng.
Other forms of violation.
Users are solely responsible for the content they share and the opinions and views discussed on the App. Viettel
        Telecom Corporation is not responsible for any content posted by the users. Viettel Telecom Corporation reserves
        the
        right to remove any content that we believe it violates the above provisions without any liability for your loss
        resulting from such removals.
5. Handling of violations
In case you violate any regulations in the Agreements, Viettel Telecom Corp have immediately the rights to block
        your account and/or delete all imformation, content violations. Depend on nature and extent of violations, you
        will
        be responsible before the competent authority, Viettel Telecom Corp and the third party about all harms caused
        by or
        arising from you violation.
6. The rights of access and information gathering
When using App, you recognize we have the rights of using the following system APIs to access data on your
        mobile:
(1) Read your Phone Book
(2) Read and write App data on device memory
(3) Use device camera to take pictures
(4) Access Internet from your device.
We only implement the Rights of access when you agree. So, you admit that, if you grant us, you will not have
    any
    claim for this access. We also collect the following information:
Personal information: Including information which you submit to confirm your account such as name, phone
            number,
            email address
General information: Information about your phone model, configuration, version of the Application that you
            are
            using to optimize the best experience for you;
Phone Book: We will store your phone book on the server to best support you in using the App in case you
            lose
            your
            data. We promise not to use your phone book for any purpose without your consent. We don’t use any method to
            track
            message, exchange or any other methods to track user when using app.
7. Commitment to information security
We are committed to securing all information that you provide to Viettel Telecom Corporation or information we
        collect from you confidential and will not disclose it to any third party unless requested by the Competent
        State
        agency.
(a) Registration and Account Information (e.g., name, birth date, age, phone number and, when necessary, billing
        information): Your name and photo (if you choose to provide them) will be visible to other Keeng users. We may
        suggest you as a possible contact to people we believe you may know (without revealing your phone number),
        unless
        you turn off this option. Your phone number is neither published nor disclosed for any other purpose without
        your
        consent.
(b) When you install the Keeng App, you’ll also be asked to allow us access to your mobile device’s address
        book. A
        copy of the phone numbers and names of all your contacts (only name and phone number) will be collected and
        stored
        on our servers, mainly in order for us to be able to enable you and your contacts to connect. Disclosure: Your
        data
        is kept safe with us, but we do share your personal information with third parties we trust in order to provide
        you
        with our services, as follows:
(1) Advertising partners: to enable the limited advertisements on our service, we may share a unique advertising
        identifier that is not attributable to you, with our third party advertising partners, and advertising service
        providers, along with certain technical data about you (your language preference, country, city, age, and device
        data), based on our legitimate interest. This includes partners managing our advertising placements and also
        advertisers themselves and their agencies or third parties managing their advertising demands. Your unique
        advertising identifier is created by your mobile device’s operating system and you can change it or choose not
        to
        share it at any time.
(2) App Providers and Other Third-Parties (such as third-party app analytics providers and marketing service
        tool):
        We may disclose your information to service providers and other third-parties under contract who help with
        providing
        you and others our Services on our behalf or other services provided by third-parties via our Services (such as,
        but
        not limited to, retention, crash logs, product interaction). They are required to secure the data they receive
        and
        to use the data for pre-agreed purposes only.
Updates to this Policy
From time to time, as our services evolve, we may update this Policy. You agree that we may notify you about
        material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on the App. Please check the App
        frequently for updates.
8. Contact us
Viettel Customer Center: 18008098 (Free).
Thank you very much for using our products and services.