Privacy Policy- TractorJunction
Recent Searches
Swaraj 744 XT
John Deere 5310
Farmtrac 60
Powertrac Euro 50
Popular Searches
Mahindra Tractor
Sonalika Tractor
John Deere Tractor
Eicher Tractor
English
✕
English
हिन्दी
Telugu
Tamil
Marathi
Sign In
New User
Login/Register
NEW TRACTOR
BRANDS
Mahindra
Swaraj
Farmtrac
Massey Ferguson
John Deere
New Holland
ALL BRANDS
Find New Tractors
Popular Tractors
Upcoming Tractors
Latest Tractors
Electric Tractors
Mini Tractors
4WD Tractors
AC Cabin Tractors
Offers
Tractor Dealers
Tractor Service Center
BUY USED
Certified Used Tractors
Used Tractors
Used Farm Implements
Used Harvester
Tractor valuation
Find Used Tractor
SELL USED
Used Tractor
Used Farm Implements
Used Harvester
FARM EQUIPMENT'S
Implements
Implements
All Implements
Rotary Tiller
Cultivator
Plough
Harrow
Trailor
Tractor Mounted Sprayers
Harvester
Compare
on road price
Shop
New
LOAN
New Tractor Loan
Used Tractor Loan
Loan Against Tractor
Personal Loan
News & Updates
All News
Tractor News
Agriculture News
Sarkari Yojana news
Web Story
Blog
Videos
More
EMI Calculator
Finance
Tyres
Insurance
Dealership Enquiry
Certified Dealers
Become Certified Dealers
Broker Dealer
JCB Backhoe Loader
Krish-e
Cars
Connect with Tractor Junction
Home
Privacy Policy
Tractor Junction Privacy Policy
THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS AN ELECTRONIC RECORD IN THE FORM OF ELECTRONIC CONTRACT IN TERMS OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT, 2000 AND RULES MADE THEREUNDER (AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME) AND DOES NOT REQUIRE ANY PHYSICAL SIGNATURE OR SEAL.
This Privacy Policy is applicable to
www.tractorjunction.com
. The domain name
www.tractorjunction.com
is owned by
FarmJunction Marketing Private Limited
[U74999RJ2019PTC065863], a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 (18 of 2013) with its registered office at Plot No-09, N.E.B Subhas Nagar, Alwar, Rajasthan, India, 301001.
The term “We”/ “Us” / “Our” used in this document refer to Tractor Junction and "You" / "Your" / "Yourself" refer to the users, who visit or access or use or avail any service or product (collectively “usage”) on or through website/mobile site/App (individually and collectively, “Website”).
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Acknowledgment
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. YOU INDICATE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND, AGREE AND CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. HENCE BY VISITING OUR WEBSITE OR BY USING / AVAILING ANY OF OUR SERVICE OR PRODUCT, YOU HEREBY GIVE YOUR UNCONDITIONAL CONSENT OR AGREEMENTS TO TRACTOR JUNCTION AS PROVIDED UNDER SECTION 43A AND SECTION 72A OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT, 2000 FOR COLLECTION, USE, STORAGE, PROCESSING AND TRANSFER AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE ALL LEGAL RIGHTS AND LAWFUL AUTHORITY TO SHARE THE INFORMATION WITH US AND FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BY COLLECTING, SHARING, PROCESSING AND TRANSFERRING INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU, THIS SHALL NOT CAUSE ANY LOSS OR WRONGFUL GAIN TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS / USE OUR WEBSITE OR AVAIL ANY OF OUR SERVICE OR PRODUCT ON OUR WEBSITE.
Information We Collect (Your Information) and store:
We collect Your information during your usage to Website or when you avail any of services or products available on Website, either as a registered user or otherwise. The information collected may consists of:
Your Personal Information including Your name, age, address, email id, phone number, date of birth, gender, address, any other sensitive personal data or information etc. We may receive Your Information from third parties such as social media, and in such case, the information We collect may include your user name associated with that social media, any information or content the social media has the right to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends list, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media. When you access the Website or otherwise deal with any Tractor Junction entity through social media, you are authorizing Tractor Junction to collect, store, use and retain such information and content in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Your Information will mostly be stored in electronic form however certain data may be stored in physical form. We may store, collect, use and process Your Information in countries other than Republic of India subject to compliance under applicable laws. We may enter into agreements with third parties (in or outside of India) to store or process Your Information and such third parties may have their own security measures to safeguard Your Information.
Purpose of Collection, Storage, Processing:
Tractor Junction collect Your Information solely for the purpose of providing you the product or service that is connected with the function or activity of the Tractor Junction which includes but not limited to the following (“Purpose”):
To inform You about various products and services offered on Our Website.
To address Your queries and resolve your concerns pertaining to any service or product that you were looking for.
To send you survey and marketing communications or facilitate various programmes and initiatives launched either by Us or third party which We believes may be of interest to You.
To facilitate Your usage of Website and improve Our Service, product or content on Website
To review Website performance and do data analysis to make Your experience better.
To protect the integrity of Our Website.
To inform You about change in any term and condition of this Privacy Policy or Terms of Use of any Website of Tractor Junction.
To implement information security practices, to determine any security breaches, contaminant or computer virus, to investigate/prevent/take action illegal activities and suspected fraud.
Sharing, Transfer or Disclosure:
Any service or product provided through Our Website may be provided either by TRACTOR JUNCTION or its vendor, dealer, OEM, channel partners and other third parties (“other entities”) which are registered with Tractor Junction to render the services or provide products through Website.
You acknowledge and agree that Tractor Junction may share, disclose, transfer or part with Your Information to other entities depending upon the type of service or product You are looking for or for one or more of the permissible purposes. Tractor Junction may also share Your personal or non-personal information where it is required to share the same with such other entities for providing you the service or product and You provide Tractor Junction, Your unconditional consent to do the same.
Tractor Junction may share statistical data and/or other Non-personal Information or details without your express or implied consent to facilitate various program or initiatives launched by Tractor Junction, third party service providers, partners or financial institutions, from time to time.
In addition to this, Tractor Junction reserve the right to share Your Information with any Government Agency or other authorized law enforcement agencies (LEAs) mandated under law to obtain Your Information for the purpose of verification of identity or for prevention, detection, investigation including but not limited to cyber incidents, prosecution, and punishment of offences etc.
Third Party Links:
It is clarified that while Your usage to Our Website, you might see the links to the third party website / advertisements / electronic communication service, which are provided by the third parties. As the operation of the third party is not under control Tractor Junction, therefore Tractor Junction does not make any endorsement / guarantee of any service or product neither offered through third party websites nor makes any representation related to the any privacy policy or other policies of such third party. Any usage of such third party website or availing any service or product through third party shall be at Your risk and Tractor Junction is not responsible for any loss / damage or otherwise.
Security Measures
Tractor Junction takes utmost care to secure Your Information from unauthorised access, usage or disclosure or alteration. We take appropriate steps and security measures to safeguard Your Information and make sure that Your Information is secured as mandated by law. For this purpose we adopt reasonable security practices and procedures, in line with the industry standard, to include, technical, operational, managerial and physical security controls in order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, or disclosure while it is under our control.
While We protect Your Personal information as per industry standards, You acknowledge that the internet or computer networks are not fully secure and that We cannot provide any absolute assurance regarding the security of Your Personal information. Therefore You acknowledge that You shall not hold responsible Tractor Junction in any manner whatsoever for loss of Your Information, or any other data, which You shares with Us or which We have with Us if such loss or any damage caused to You because of Force Majeure events. You further acknowledge that any information (including your personal information) transmitted to Us or from Your use of Website will therefore be at Your own risk.
It is clarified that Force Majeure events includes any event which is beyond the reasonable control of the Tractor Junction which may include but not limited to sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer, computer system or computer network, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption.
Update Your Information
Tractor Junction take all endeavors to update Our records with latest information as provided by you, however if you see any discrepancy in your personal information you may contact to Us through Grievance Officer to have Your Information updated with Us.
You also acknowledge that all the information provided by You are out of Your free will and in compliance with applicable laws in Your territory. If We found that any of Your Information is in non-compliance with the terms and conditions and Privacy policy, Tractor Junction reserves the right to remove your non-compliant information from its systems. Further, depending on the seriousness of the non-compliance, We may choose to discontinue some or all of the services being provided to You by Us.
Authorization:
In purview of the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) guidelines, You hereby authorize Tractor Junction and its affiliates/partners or otherwise who are accessing the Your Information by virtue of their association with Tractor Junction to communicate with You through telephone/mobile, Email, SMS or other modes of communication even if Yours number/numbers(s) is/are registered in the National Do Not Call Registry (NDNC) or www.nccptrai.gov.in
Change in terms of Privacy Policy:
Tractor Junction reserves the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time, as and when the need arises. We request you to regularly check this Privacy Policy from time to time to keep you apprise of changes made. Your continued use of the Website gives your unconditional acceptance to such change in terms of Privacy Policy.
If you have any concern related to this Privacy Policy or collection, storage, retention or disclosure of Your Information under the terms of this Privacy Policy or Terms of Use or any other terms and conditions of Tractor Junction or its other business entities including any queries or grievances, You can contact to Tractor Junction through its Grievance Redressal Officer at the below given details:
Nodal / Grievance Officer:
In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Name:
Shalini Jain
Phone:
+91- 9770-976-976
Email:
admin@tractorjunction.com
Time:
Mon to Fri (10:00 AM to 5:00 PM)
Address:
FarmJunction Marketing Pvt Ltd., Plot No. 09, NEB, Subhash Nagar, Alwar, Rajasthan, 301001
CIN:
U74999RJ2019PTC065863.
GST:
08AADCF8152E1ZP
Please note that the details of the Data Protection Officer/Grievance Officer may be changed by Us from time to time by updating this Privacy Policy.
Close
Search
Home
Price
News
Call
Close
Call Now
Request Call Back
Close
English
हिन्दी
Telugu
Tamil
Marathi
Important Links
Shop
About Us
Contact / Mail Us
Careers
Customer Care
Service Centers
Loan
Guest Post
Our Showrooms
Explore News
Tractor News
Agriculture News
Weather News
Agri Business News
Sarkari Yojana News
Agriculture Machinery News
Social News
Animal Husbandry News
Tractor Subsidy
Buy Old Products
Buy Used Tractor
Buy Used Farm Implements
Buy Used Harvester
Sell Old Products
Sell Used Tractor
Sell Used Farm Implements
Sell Used Harvester
Download Tractorjunction App
Follow us on Social Media
Content Protected By
© 2023
TractorJunction
.
All Rights Reserved.
Advertise With Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
ट्रैक्टर से जुडी किसी भी सहायता के लिए
तुरंत अपनी जानकारी भरे और हम आपसे जल्दी संपर्क करेंगे !
Submit
Thank You for contacting Us!
Thank you for contacting Tractor Junction! You can buy old tractor by manually contacting the
seller. Seller details are provided below has been received.
Are you planning to purchase this tractor on loan?
Yes
No
ट्रैक्टर से जुडी किसी भी सहायता के लिए
तुरंत अपनी जानकारी भरे और हम आपसे जल्दी संपर्क करेंगे !
Select District
Select Brand
Farmtrac
Powertrac
Submit
ट्रैक्टर से जुडी किसी भी सहायता के लिए
तुरंत अपनी जानकारी भरे और हम आपसे जल्दी संपर्क करेंगे !
Submit
ट्रैक्टर से जुडी किसी भी सहायता के लिए
तुरंत अपनी जानकारी भरे और हम आपसे जल्दी संपर्क करेंगे !
Submit
Select State
Select District
Select Tehsil
Also, looking for loan offers?
Get The Best Price
By clicking on Submit, you agree to our
terms and conditions
Thank You!
Our team will get in touch with you very soon with exiciting offers
Check EMI Amount
Please connect with us
Loan Type
Select Loan Type
New Tractor Loan
Used Tractor Loan
Personal Loan
Loan Against Tractor
Name
Mobile Number
Make year
Select Make year
2023
2022
2021
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
Edit
Location
View Loan Offers
By clicking on Submit, you agree to our
Terms and Conditions
Purchase Details
Select State
Select District
NEXT
Contact Information
SUBMIT
By clicking on Submit, you agree to our
Terms and Conditions