Android Application Privacy Policy
기본 콘텐츠로 건너뛰기
이 블로그 검색
JM System
Android Application Privacy Policy
공유 링크 만들기
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
이메일
기타 앱
10월 23, 2017
1. Purpose of processing personal information <JM System> (https://jm-sys.blogspot.kr/) handles personal information for the following purposes, It is not used for the purpose of.
- To know if you are receiving a call or not on a call.
2. Rights, duties, and methods of use of information subjects The user may exercise the following rights as personal information subjects.
The information subject can exercise the right of privacy protection at any time for <JM System> (https://jm-sys.blogspot.kr/) at any time.
(1) Personal information request
(2) If there is an error, request correction
(3) Delete request
(4) Process stop request
We do not collect any information at all, so you can delete and process the app yourself.
3. Creating an item of personal information to process
JM System  (https://jm-sys.blogspot.kr/) 'JM System' handles the following personal information items.
(1) <Busy during notification>
- Required: android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
Simply, the system of the terminal queries whether the phone is receiving a call or whether it is on a call, and performs the following actions (substitute vibration and ignore the notification).
We do not collect or process any data, including phone numbers other than the above calls.
4. Destruction of Personal Information <JM System>  (https://jm-sys.blogspot.kr/), in principle, will destroy the personal information without delay when the purpose of processing personal information is achieved. The procedures, deadlines and methods of destruction are as follows.
- Inquiry only inquires whether the call is busy.
- Removing the app no ​​longer uses the above permissions.
- Do not collect or process any information using the above authority. Simply, the system queries and ends.
5. Measures to Ensure the Safety of Personal Information <JM System> (https://jm-sys.blogspot.kr/), pursuant to Article 29 of the Personal Information Protection Act, carries out technical, administrative and physical measures necessary for ensuring safety as follows.
(1) Establishment and enforcement of internal management plan
We have established and implemented an internal management plan for the safe handling of personal information.
(2) Restrict access to personal information
We take necessary measures to control access to personal information through granting, modifying, and deleting access rights to the database system that handles personal information. We also control unauthorized access from outside by using an intrusion prevention system.
(3) Access control to unauthorized persons
We have set up a separate physical storage area for personal information, and set up access control procedures.
6. Written personal information protection officer
JM System  (https://jm-sys.blogspot.kr/) is responsible for the handling of personal information processing, handling complaints of information related to personal information processing, We appoint the person in charge of personal information protection as follows.
▶ Personal information protection officer
Name: JM System
Position: Representative
Contact: docko@hanmail.net
※ It leads to the personal information protection department.
▶ Personal information protection department
Department name: JM System
Contact person: Representative
Contact: docko@hanmail.net
The information subject shall not be liable for any personal information protection inquiries, complaints, damages remedies, etc. that occur when using the service (or business) of JM System (You can contact the person in charge of privacy and the department in charge. JM System (https://jm-sys.blogspot.kr/) will respond to inquiries of information subject without delay and will process it.
8. Change of personal information processing policy
(1) This Privacy Policy will be effective from the effective date. If any changes, additions, deletions, or corrections are made in accordance with laws and policies, we will notify you through announcements 7 days before the change.
(2) This Privacy Policy will take effect on October 16, 2017.
JM System
공유 링크 만들기
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
이메일
기타 앱
댓글
the soft roots
2020년 2월 15일 오전 10:55
Photo Editor -
Pip Camera
- Sparkle Effect (Blur) best app to make your photo fully attractive and heart touching. You can use four tools in this app with many effects like photo frames, overlays effects, twinkle effects, photo cropping, photo filters and photo borders in this best Photo Editor App - Pip Camera - Sparkle Effect (Blur).
답글
삭제
답글
답글
Unow22
2021년 10월 19일 오후 3:43
After that, you must cleanse your hair with a detox shampoo or a toxin rid shampoo. Again, a day before your test, you have to bleach your hair and then dye it, once more. Then, on the day of your test, you must apply baking soda all over your hair like a thick paste and leave it on for at least 45 minutes. In this context, cardiovascular exercises are most recommended, since it gets the heart rate up and causes one to sweat more. Still, this also depends on the individual’s weight, height, metabolic rate, and how often they work out. Similarly, using the sauna in the gym can also help release toxins faster, since they cause users to sweat a lot - literally sweating out the toxins quicker. Visit: https://www.urineworld.com/
답글
삭제
답글
답글
댓글 추가
더 로드하기...
댓글 쓰기
Powered by Blogger
테마 이미지 제공:
Galeries
자료실
10월 2017
1
태그
JM System
신고하기