Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the following apps by keuwlsoft:
Bluetooth Electronics
This app uses the (android.permission.BLUETOOTH and BLUETOOTH_ADMIN)
    permissions in order to use the Bluetooth 
    functionality of your device.
In order to discover bluetooth devices in newer versions 
    of Android, the ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION permission is required.
In order to be able to save and load your panels the WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission is required.
This app also uses the internet (android.permission.INTERNET) permission so that we can serve ads and generate a little revenue.
This app uses the (android.permission.BLUETOOTH and BLUETOOTH_ADMIN)
    permissions in order to use the Bluetooth functionality of your device.
In order to discover bluetooth devices, the ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION permission is required.
This app also uses the internet (android.permission.INTERNET) permission so that we can serve ads and generate a little revenue.
In order to deliver the ads, we use the AdMob SDK from Google.
    Please see their terms and
privacy policy
for information on any data they might collect or share.
    Also see
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
for a good explanation of how Google uses information from Apps.
Personalised ads may or may not be served, depending on your region.  With regards to GDPR, if consenting to personalised ads in the EEU/UK, 
      AdMob has been configured to source the ads from Google, or one of these Google-certified ad networks, each partner having their own privacy policies:
InMobi
Chartboost
ironSource Mobile
Facebook
Vungle
Ad Colony
Otherwise, AdMob will serve ads from any of the Google-certified ad networks.
Whilst keuwlsoft does not directly collect or store any of your personal or non-personal information, 
    some anonymous analytical data (e.g. app usage and ad effectiveness data) is available to us through AdMob.
Note that for an older version of this app, we used an SDK from Appbrain,  
    please see their terms and privacy policy for information on any data they might collect or share.
Appbrain privacy policy link