<
meta property="og:title" content="WifiFree.Top" />
WifiFree.Top
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of “LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO” Google Play Store
Create & Modified March 26, 2016.
We are “LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO” STORE hereinafter called ( “LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO,” “We,” “us,” or “our“) collects information from you in order to provide better service and give users quality experience using our apps better.
Protecting your personal information is a top priority responsibility for us, similar to the information security policy aims to explain how we collect, use and protect your information. At the same time determined that we adhere to Google’s policy and international law.
A. We collected information?
1.Your Personal Information
We do not collect your personal information, including information such as your location, name, address, email, telephone, fax, the information stored on your device, and the information is used in applications, services or websites will identify you or others.
2.Non-personal information
Depends on the service of each application in our application store. And with your permission, we may collect non-personal information in order to best serve our application.
By your permission, we may collect non-personally identifiable information relating to user resources that are not personally identifiable, including the phone model, android OS version, and information, phone hardware, Wi-Fi, GRRS, ADSL, 2G, 3G, 4G, 5G connectivity information.
Gather information and data sessions are available. Please note that day and the data available do not include any personal information, and does not include the content that you can use an application (such as pictures, contacts, etc.), service or website to send or share.
With your permission, we may collect additional information about the applications installed in the system, information about the files stored in the machine’s resources, information of BATTERY, CPU temperature, Information about data transfer and speed of the download/upload speed.
3.Data is available in the phone
Your permission, we may collect information that you provide data related to the connection of information and services to us when you use an application, service, or website, how including without limitation through the use of applications, services, and data, including data information relating to the connection request, the server communication, data sharing, including network, quality of service, date, time, location, location.
B. How we use the information we collect?
1. Personal information.
We do not collect personal information so we will not use your personal information in any public plan.
2. Non-Personal Information.
We collect non-personal information to use for our applications and information synthesis.  We may collect non-personal identification information about installed applications, application usage information and device information. “Non-Personal Information” means information anonymous nature, such as:
a. To personalize user experience;
b. To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and develop our services;
c. We may collect your non-personal information and use them for market and promotion purpose, for example, we may promote or recommend more relevant apps to you.
3. The detailed information processing section in our application store
3.1. RAM Booster and Phone Cooler
Your permission, when your phone runs slowly, we (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) will scan RAM to speed efficiency, freeing up more memory and storage unnecessary so that increases RAM in processing speed for your android phone.
3.2. Read more information of phone
Your permission, we (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) will read and displays detailed information about the device: Name android operating system, network information, information about the SIM overall and stored in the SIM, phone number, CPU, RAM, Android version .etc. to display on the screen of the application to provide services required by this application. Also, we affirm not store any of this information on our server.
3.3. Battery Saver
Your permission, we (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) will monitor the applications that are running in the background and consuming apps to help your PIN multiple processors to save PIN.
3.4. Install/uninstall the app.
Your permission, we (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) will allow the application displays the name, version, update time, size, etc. to your application can choose to remove fast application.
3.5. Clean Junk files in memory CACHE.
Your permission, we (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO”) will clean up trash and empty the cache to free cached, and always keeps a clean garbage facility.
3.6. Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us..
3.7. Information about wireless network connection (DNS, IP):
Your permission, with the permission of you, we (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) to collect information about your Wi-Fi network is connected: as Local IP address, External IP, WIFI Name IPS and detailed information about the IP address (IP, DNS, Subnet Mark, External IP) Wi-Fi is connected to serve notice function of WIFI network parameters.
3.8. The information to input for the PING command:
We (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“), in the process you use functions PING;
We do not store any IP addresses or hostname when you execute the command PING.
3.9. GPRS, 2G, 3G, 4G, 5G & WIFI scanner
We (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) scan the GPRS, 2G, 3G, 4G, 5G & WIFI waves in the region to give you the choice to connect to Wi-Fi and do not collect information of GPRS, 2G, 3G, 4G, 5G & WIFI connection.
3.10. Mobile Network Configuration.
We (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) provides tools to allow you to choose the cellular network such as WIFI, 2G, 3G, 4G, 5G, GPRS connection to matter… based on the type of SIM which are connected in your phone and do not collect information section of this section.
3.11. Read the status and identification from the phone call.
This your permission to allow us (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“), we use READ_PHONE_STATE, CALL_PHONE permission to read mobile sensors to program for rejecting or accepting calls when hands are swiped across the mobile screen and MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS permission to configure in the speakerphone application when you answer an incoming call..
3.12. Modify system settings
This license will allow us (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) switch or adjust the tone, vibration test systems or storage access has been established.
3.13. Modify or delete the contents of the USB memory / SD
This license allows us (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) delete data files or audio notes stored on your SD card.
3.14. Measurement reading speed and connectivity Wi-Fi, 2G, 3G, 4G, 5G…
This license will allow us (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) helps us to measure the speed of the network that your phone is connected, also read the information needed to show data on this application installed on your mobile device.
3.15. Store and display information about connection speeds include: Ping (Ping Network), transmission speed (data download and upload data).
This license will allow us (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) allows us to store historical data (data download, upload data) were used according to (day, month, year) option up your phone. Simultaneously, we classify and separate data storage used according to an internet connection (Wi-Fi, 5G, 4G, 3G, 2G, and GPRS) and the amount of data used on your phone.
3.16. Setting On/Off internet connection
This license will allow us ( “LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) allows us to establish favorite network settings, optional switch networking Wi-Fi, 5G, 4G, 3G, 2G, GPRS.
3.17. Monitoring Systems, secure PIN, and extend the life of the PIN.
This your permission to allow us ( “LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) controls the level of work of the CPU and constantly check the machine’s PIN to use early warning temperature is safe PIN not, at the same time intervening to cooling device to cool the PIN on your mobile device.
3.18. Modify the system settings screen widgets.
This license will allow us (“LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO“) convert data from application performance display widgets on the main screen on your phone.
3.19. The method of data processing
We will process the data from a reasonable and appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access from third party, or for the purpose of confidentiality and non-disclosure of information, or change, or cancel unauthorized information to any 3rd party.
The data processing is done and organizations with a reasonable method, close to the purpose specified in the application. To experience the full range of our services, please note that you will help us reach out to the terms of your phone as HARDWARE, BATTERY, WIFI, NETWORK CONNECTION, SENSOR, Peripherals, CAMERA,… you can also disable access permissions as in settings of your phone if you find it unnecessary.
The data is processed directly on your phone; we make sure that we do not store any kind of data in other locations.
C. How do we protect your information?
We implement measures to protect your personal information from being accessed illegally and protect information that is not disclosed to anyone else.
D. How we share your information
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law when your consent, we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with regulatory requirements, legal procedures of the court, or the legitimacy of international law.
E. Contact us anytime you want.
If you have any suggestions, feedback or request an appeal, please contact us on email us in
topsgamefunny@gmail.com
or visit website
http://wififree.top
Thank you for using our application service.
"LTE APP TOOLS STUDIO" DEV TEAM
© Copyright 2016 wififree.top - LTE App Tools Studio