Privacy Policy and End User License Agreement
E-mail : support@arytan.com
Technologies OPC Pvt Ltd
Home
Products
Android Apps
Cache Cleaner
Mobile Booster
LED Flashlight
App Uninstaller
GPS Location Widget
WiFi Hotspot Tethering
Company
About us
Send Message
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 11, 2022
Arytan Technologies OPC Pvt. Ltd. is also referred to as Arytan Technologies in given below 
											Privacy Policy. Arytan Technologies attaches great importance to protecting 
											of our user privacy. Before using the services or apps provided by Arytan Technologies please read carefully 
											below statement. Arytan 
											Technologies will treat such 
											information with a high level of 
											responsibility. Without your 
											permission Arytan Technologies will 
											not disclose any such information or 
											provide such information to any 
											third party.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We do not collect any Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you
											 or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an app or service. Personal
											  Information includes your geographic location, names, physical addresses, email addresses, 
											  telephone, fax, information stored within your device. We do 
											not save or store any username and 
											password entered during any In-App 
											Purchase within our apps.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
Since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your 
											Personal Information in any way. We 
											may use your Non Personal 
											Information only for resolving 
											product issues or payment / refund 
											issues.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED
We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information. 
											Available Information disclosure may occur when it is required by law, court order or competent government departments or agreed to by the user. 
											Please remember that when you submit information to a discussion group or some other public forum like
											 facebook ads from within our apps, the information submitted will be deemed public information and will not be considered
											  confidential.
THIRD PARTY APPS / LINKS
Inside our apps or services we display ads / links to other companies or mobile applications. 
									   		When you click on ads / links of third parties in our apps or services, you may leave the app or service.
									   		Arytan Technologies is not 
											responsible for the privacy 
											practices adopted by third parties. We 
									   		recommend that you read their privacy policies.
SECURITY
Arytan Technologies is very 
											concerned about safeguarding the 
											confidentiality of your information. 
											We do not collect Personal 
											Information, and we employ 
											administrative, physical and 
											electronic measures designed to 
											protect your Non-Personal 
											Information from unauthorized access 
											and use. Please be aware that no 
											security measures are 100% secure 
											but we try our best to secure and 
											protect all information.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18 years old. Children are not permitted to use our Services unless they provide us with consent from their parent or guardian. If you are a parent or guardian of a child and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
POLICY UPDATES
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy
											   at any time. You must review this Policy on a regular basis to keep yourself apprised of any changes.
											    If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop
											     all use of all apps or services. Your continued use of any 
											app
											      or service will constitute
											       your acceptance of the revised Policy.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or 
											any other issues regarding our apps or services, please contact us at arytansoftware@gmail.com
End User License Agreement
Effective Date: 
											January 11, 2022
ACCEPTANCE
PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AND SERVICE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE 
	                        				SOFTWARE AND SERVICE. THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN YOU AND ARYTAN TECHNOLOGIES OPC PVT LTD. 
	                        				BY ASSENTING ELECTRONICALLY, INSTALLING OR USING THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES, YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND 
	                        				CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. If you do not agree with the terms 
    and conditions of this Agreement, do not continue the installation/registration process and delete or destroy all copies of the Software in your
     possession. This agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreement, representations, warranties and understandings,
      whether oral or written, with respect to the software.
DISCLAIMER
This software is provided "as is" without warranty or guarantee. Arytan Technologies OPC Pvt Ltd disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to the software, including all implied
    warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or non-infringement. In no event will Arytan Technologies OPC Pvt Ltd be liable to you for any indirect, special, incidental, or 
    consequential damages, including any lost profits, lost data, lost savings or business interruption, whether based on breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, product liability, or any other legal 
    theory, unless such exclusion is prohibited by law. Arytan Technologies OPC Pvt Ltd shall have no liability with respect to the content of the Software Product or any part thereof, including but not limited to errors or 
    omissions contained therein, libel, infringements of rights of publicity, privacy, trademark rights, business interruption, personal injury, loss of privacy, moral rights or the disclosure of confidential information.
GRANT OF LICENSE
This software may only be used in accordance with local laws, regulations, and service agreements applicable to any device running the software. The software is the intellectual property 
    of Arytan Technologies OPC Pvt Ltd and is protected by applicable copyright, trademark, and proprietary rights. Downloading, Installing, Copying, Using or Purchasing the software grants you only a limited nonexclusive license for your 
    personal use and does not authorize republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, or preparation of derivative work unless you have received Arytan Technologies OPC Pvt Ltd express written permission for such use. All rights 
    not expressly granted herein are reserved by Arytan Technologies OPC Pvt Ltd.
VIOLATIONS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
If you believe that any content, part or other information used in our apps infringes your copyright rights, you may request that we remove such info from our apps. To do so, please submit a notice to us with the complete following details:

Please completely identify the work that you believe has been infringed. Describe the type of work, and provide a copy of the work or website address at which we can review it.

Please identify the content or other info that you believe infringes your work. To help us to locate the information on our website, please send us detailed info or screenshot (if necessary).

Please provide your correct name and contact information. So that we may contact you to discuss your notice as appropriate.

It is necessary for you to include a statement with your notice that you have a good faith belief that the use of the information is not authorized by copyright owner, its agent or otherwise by law.

Also include a statement that the information that you have submitted is accurate and representative that under penalty of perjury, you are the copyright owner or you are authorized to act on its behalf.

A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright owner or its authorized representative.

Submit this notice to Arytan Technologies via email to arytansoftware@gmail.com
JURISDICTION
You agree, in the event of any dispute arising in relation to these terms and conditions or any dispute arising in relation to the our apps or services whether in contract or tort or otherwise, will be submitted and governed by the laws of the Beawar-305901, District(Ajmer), Rajasthan, India for the resolution of all such disputes.
RETURN POLICY
Software is returnable only according to the terms and conditions provided by the Google Play Store. If you choose Paid Apps, Full Version or Lifetime purchase plan from an app on Google Play, you will not receive a refund. So before any buy please check all available features. 
											Subscription is billed at the rate corresponding to the selected plan. Subscription auto-renews before the end of the current period, unless canceled 24-hours in advance. You may manage your subscriptions and turn off auto-renewal from your Google Play Store account settings. If you cancel a subscription purchased from an app on Google Play, you will not receive a refund for the current billing period, but will continue to receive their subscription content for the remainder of the current billing period, regardless of the cancellation date. The cancellation goes into effect after the current billing period has passed. Subscription canceled during the trial will not be charged.
UPDATES
We reserve the right, at our sole 
											discretion, to change, modify or 
											otherwise alter this Agreement at 
											any time. You must review this 
											Agreement on a regular basis to keep 
											yourself apprised of any changes. If 
											you do not agree to any 
											modifications to this Agreement, 
											your sole recourse is to immediately 
											stop all use of all apps or 
											services.
Your continued use of any app or 
											service will constitute your 
											acceptance of the revised Agreement.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or comments about this terms and conditions, please contact us at
arytansoftware@gmail.com
Home
|
About
|
Contact
|
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
© Arytan Technologies OPC Pvt Ltd, 2015 All Rights Reserved.