This privacy policy governs your use of a software
application (“Application”) on a mobile device that was created by
SpriteFish Inc.
The
Application "Fast Burst Camera Lite" can shoot photos fast, up to 30
photos/ec
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
This Application will gather statistical information about
how the app is used. It will do so anonymously. Furthermore, it will collect
information in the case the app crashes or malfunctions. Both these cases are
used by the developer to improve the functionality of the application
Does
the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about
the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the
Application?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only
in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected
Information:
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>as required by law, such as to comply with a
subpoena, or similar legal process;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>when we believe in good faith that disclosure is
necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
investigate fraud, or respond to a
government request;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>with our trusted services providers who work on
our behalf, do not have an
independent use of the information we disclose to them,
and have agreed to adhere
to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if
SpriteFish Inc
is
involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a
portion of its assets, you will
be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change
in ownership.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
This Application is supported via advertising, and collects
data to help the Application serve ads. We may work with analytics companies to
help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and
duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising
networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the
Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application free
.
Advertisers and advertising networks use some of
the information collected by the Application, including the unique
identification ID of your mobile device.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type
of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section
entitled “Opt-out” below.
What are my opt-out rights?
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the
Application – You can stop all collection of information by the
Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard
uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via
the mobile application marketplace or network. Note that the paid version of
the app does not contain advertising.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from
or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes
aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their
consent, he or she should contact us at
support@spritefish.com.
We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding
the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and
procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For
example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and
contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or
improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide
reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system
can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any
reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the
new Privacy Policy here
www.spritefish.com
Your Consent
By using the Services, you are consenting to our processing
of User Provided and Automatically Collection information as set forth in this
Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies
on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way,
including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining
and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the
United States. If you reside outside the U.S. your information will be
transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy
standards. By using the Application and providing information to us, you
consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the US.
Contact us
If you
have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have
questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
support@spritefish.com