Privacy policy for BubbleUPnP
Contact:
bubblesoftproducts@gmail.com
Last update:
May 26th 2022
This document describes what information is accessed or collected by BubbleUPnP and how it is used.
It also describes use of Android permissions.
Ads
The free version of BubbleUPnP displays banner ads provided by Google Admob.
Cookies and other means (advertising ID) may be used by Google Admob to present personalized ads.
The Google Mobile Ads SDK collects some data (ip address, user product interactions, diagnostic information, device and account identifiers) for advertising, analytics, and fraud prevention purpose.
This data is transmitted securely, using encryption via TLS
The paid version of BubbleUPnP removes ads entirely, disabling  data collection described above.
Anonymous crash reports
Whenever BubbleUPnP crashes, a crash report containing
anonymous
crash data is sent securely online, for fixing crashes and improve BubbleUPnP.
A crash report is kept for a maximum of one month (starting from the submission date), after which it is permanently deleted.
The user can choose at any time to disable sending automated crash reports within BubbleUPnP, in More > Gear icon > Control > Send crash reports.
Access to cloud services
BubbleUPnP allows the user to optionally access media (music, videos, images) hosted by these cloud services: Google Drive, OneDrive, Dropbox, Box, TIDAL, Qobuz.
The sole purpose is to access media hosted by these services for playback on devices supported by BubbleUPnP (core functionality of the app).
Each cloud service can only be accessed after the user granted access to it by authenticating to the service.
Each cloud service is accessed securely, using encryption via TLS.
The user can revoke access to a cloud service at any time in-app, in More > Gear icon > Local and Cloud > (cloud service) > Revoke access.
Use of permission READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
This permission is used to be able to access the media stored on external storage for playback.
On Android 6 and higher,
this permission is asked when a feature requires it
.
Use of permission WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
This permission is used for writing to external storage for storing downloads and caching.
On Android 6 and higher,
this permission is asked when a feature requires it
.
Use of permission READ_PHONE_STATE
This permission will be asked if the user enable the optional 'Mute on phone call' feature so the app
can be notified by the system that the phone is ringing and mute playback accordingly.
Use of permission RECORD_AUDIO
This permission will be asked if the user enable the optional 'Audio Cast' feature so the app
can record audio from other apps for playback on supported devices.