Tera Cleaner Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Tera Cleaner Privacy Policy
Tera Cleaner Privacy Policy
Released on April [28], 2022
Effective from April [28], 2022
1. Overview
Tera Cleaner
(this “Product”) is a clean product developed, operated, and managed by Flextech Inc. (hereinafter referred to as
"Flextech" or "we"
). We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, store, process, share and use your information when you access our website, software, and services (
the "Services"
).
We will explain how we process your personal data in this Policy and how you may access and control your personal data.
Please completely read and fully understand this Policy before using this Product. If you have any questions about this Policy, or have any complaints or suggestions, please contact us via the methods as described in this Policy. This policy will help you understand the followings:
Category and purpose of your personal data we collect
This Product is a full functionality clean product with rich content and services. We will collect different categories of your personal data in different scenarios according to various product features, and will use these data to realize such product feature.
2. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Data
We may collect your personal data as follows while we are providing services. This data is critical for us to realize various functions of this Product. We will use these data to help us develop and improve our products to provide better services. We will use your personal data in strict compliance with the purposes set forth in this Policy. We will inform you in advance and obtain your consent before we use these data for any other purposes than set forth in this Policy or we use the personal data collected for specific purposes for other purposes.
2.1.1. Pre-activation service
In order to strictly comply with the laws and policies of the relevant countries or regions, we need to use pre-activation services to know your country or region. During pre-activation, we will send your IP address, country code (MCC), mobile phone language, system version, and other information to our server. This information is only used to know your country or region, thus providing you with agreements and services that comply with that country or region. This information will be deleted within a short period of time after knowing your country or region, and will not be permanently saved.
2.1.2. Junk Clean
We’ll read the application information、file storage information、application cache and multimedia file information installed both in your mobile and SD card, to help you clear junk files including system cache, ads unload residue, empty folders, useless installation packages, temporary files, other files, pictures, audios, and videos, etc. In this way, we can clear junk files and release more space by scanning and cleaning. Furthermore, if deeper cleaning is needed, we can also provide you better cleaning effect with auxiliary functions. We’ll also collect the application list and SD card catalog information in your mobile and SD card in the meanwhile for a continuously optimized scanning speed and cleaning effect.
2.1.3. Photo Clean
In order to manage and remove photos, we’ll read the album information and multimedia file information installed both in your mobile and SD card when you start the Photo Clean function, and check the photos memory by scanning and removing photos.
2.1.4.
Speed Test
In order to ensure your WiFi environment, we’ll read your network connection information (eg. WiFi connection status, encryption type, WiFi network connection status, SSID, etc.) and complete WiFi security detection through WiFi information analysis, DNS detection, Portal authentication, etc.
2.1.5. WhatsApp Cleaner, Tiktok Cleaner
In order to clear cache, ads, pictures, audio, videos, and other files in specified applications like WhatsApp and Facebook, we’ll read the application information, file storage information, application cache, and multimedia file information installed both in your mobile and SD card, and clearly specified application by scanning and shutting down specified apps. We’ll also collect the application list and SD card catalog information in your mobile and SD card in the meanwhile for a continuously optimized scanning speed and cleaning effect.
2.1.6. Special Permission Description
List of permissions:
QUERY_ALL_PACKAGES: This is the permission to scan all apps in the app
Why use this permission:
As a cleaning tool, in order to provide a better user experience, we need to provide users with the function of scanning the log files generated by all APPs in the mobile phone and cleaning up the log files, so we need to use this permission (QUERY_ALL_PACKAGES) to the mobile phone All APPs are scanned, and then corresponding analysis is made to achieve the function of cleaning up useless log files.
Collection and storage of data:
All of our products will not collect any data with this permission, nor will they store data in any way, all user data is local to the user's device, and there is no upload function.
Protection of user data:
We will not authorize any third-party SDK to use this permission, and all our products will protect user privacy and data.
2.1.9. Three-party SDK description
Use SDK name: datatower.ai SDK
Service Type: Please fill in according to the functions provided by the SDK
Privacy Policy Link:
https://datatower.ai/privacy
2.
2
.
1
Information that we may receive about you from others
Information from Single Sign On authentication services. If you decide to register for an account (or access your account) through an authentication service (such as Google Accounts as a Single Sign On) (“Authentication Service”), we may collect information from these third-party services, consistent with your privacy settings in your account with the relevant Authentication Service.
The above information is collected to reliably and securely provide the Services and for legitimate business purposes. We or our partners will request your consent prior to processing your information for any other purpose beyond those expressly stated.
3. Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties
Unless permitted by law, we will only provide the information collected to those systems with standards that meet the requirements of the Japan Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI) and maintain the system on an ongoing basis. The company's personal information display times and regulations, the number of open borders, personal information security, foreign companies' personal information protection, etc. We will provide information on necessary measures upon request from the client. Please feel free to contact the person in charge listed in the Contact Information.
(a) We are required to cooperate with national or regional governmental organizations or their agents in the performance of their duties or obligations under applicable laws and regulations, which may preclude such performance if your consent is required;
(b) Where there is a substantial risk to a person's life or property;
(c) Where there is a particular need to improve public health or promote the healthy development of youth.
4. How We Share, Transfer and Disclose Your Personal Data
We may share your information with third parties.
We may use certain trusted third parties (such as customer support or IT service providers) to help us better deliver, optimize, protect, and promote our Services. These third parties may have access to your information to perform tasks on our behalf, during which we remain responsible for the third parties' handling of your information in accordance with our requirements.
We may share infrastructure, systems, and technology with Flextech affiliates to deliver, optimize, protect, and promote these Services. These affiliates will use your information in conjunction with us and the information you have listed in the "What information is collected and for what purpose" section for the purposes described therein. We will be responsible for granting these companies access to your information.
You may choose to connect to your Tera Cleaner account through a third-party service. By connecting to a service of this kind, you allow the third parties and us to exchange the information listed in the "What information is collected and for what purpose" section of this Privacy Policy so that the third parties and we can deliver, optimize, protect, and promote their services. In these cases, the use of your information will be governed by the privacy policies and terms of service of the third parties whose services you choose to connect through.
5. How We Protect and Store Your Personal Data
We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing for vulnerabilities. In addition to two-factor authentication, encryption of files at rest, and alerts when new devices and apps link to your accounts, we continue to work hard to ensure the security of your information. We deploy automated technology to detect abusive behavior and content that could harm you, other users, or our Services.
When you sign up for a Tera Cleaner account, we retain the information you store on our Services for as long as your account exists or as long as necessary to provide you with the Services. If you would like to delete your account, please send an email to helpdesk@flextech.com with a request to delete your information, we will do so within 30 days of receiving your request; however, (1) we will not delete your account information until we have verified your user identity; (2) deletion of information from our servers and backup storage may be delayed, and (3) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our rights under the Contract.
6. Where Do We Store and Process Your Personal Data
In providing the Services, we may store, process, and transfer your information in Japan, and you agree to provide your information. Your information may also be stored locally on the device used to access the Services.
7. How You Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can view, change, download, delete, or share your information from your Tera Cleaner account.
You can control the personal information you retain and how it is collected, used, and shared in accordance with the Japan Act on the Protection of Personal Information ("Retained Personal Information"). For example, you may
a. request disclosure of retained personal information that identifies you
b. request corrections, additions, or deletions to retained personal information when the content of retained personal information that identifies you is not true
c.immediately delete or stop using your retained personal information, if your retained personal information was obtained unlawfully by us or if we are using your retained personal information in an unlawful manner
d.immediately stop providing your retained personal information if we unlawfully provide your retained personal information to a third party
8.
Contact Us / Report Violation
If you have any questions or suggestions about this policy, or you need to do your data management power to manage your privacy data, please feel free to contact us:
teragroups@hotmail.com
.
9. Update of Privacy Policy
In the event of a reorganization, merger, or acquisition of Flextech or the sale of our assets, your information may be transferred to the surviving entity, acquirer, or successor of the transaction. We will notify you of any such transaction (e.g., via a message to the email address associated with your account) and outline your choices in that event.
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time. We will post the most current version on Tera Cleaner's website or software. We will notify you if any such revisions materially affect your rights.
Last updated: December 30th, 2022
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse