Privacy Notice
Are you based in Australia? Select your country to see jobs specific to your location.
United Kingdom
Australia
Österreich
België
Brasil
Canada
France
Deutschland
India
Italia
México
Nederland
New Zealand
Polska
России
Singapore
South Africa
España
Schweiz
United States
Continue
What?
Where?
Search
Advanced
Privacy Notice
This policy sets out how we use and protect Personal Information we collect about you when you use this website.
    “Personal Data” is any information that identifies you or that can be linked to you. You are not under any statutory
    or contractual obligation to provide us with Personal Data.
Who we are
Adzuna is the trading name of Adzuna Ltd, a privately-owned UK company.
What Personal Data we may hold and process about you
Personal Data you provide Adzuna
We may hold any information you provide to us including your
    e-mail address, user account details, information you provide to us in ValueMyCV and information contained in your
    CV. We may also store details of your job applications, job searching preferences and standard browsing data (including for example IP address, referring websites, browser software and operating system).
Personal Data from third-party websites
Adzuna may also be provided with information when you
    sign up or apply for jobs with third-party websites. This information may relate to activity measurement (for
    example through the use of a tracking pixel) or where the third-party has obtained your consent to send you job
    email alerts and contracts Adzuna to do this on their behalf. Your relationship with any third-party website is
    governed purely by your agreement with them.
The purposes of the processing
Our use of Personal Data may include some or all of the following:
Sending you important information which we believe you would reasonably expect. This may include for example
        changes to our Terms and Conditions or other important product or service news
Carrying out your request to submit a job application
Delivering to you any job email alerts you have requested from us
Personalising your job search experience. For example, we may use your work or search history to help show you
        the most relevant jobs
Where you have explicitly consented to it, contacting you about relevant jobs based on your CV and/or other
        Personal Data in accordance with your preferences
Identifying and resolving any complaints or requests for data access or correction
Managing our infrastructure and business operations and complying with internal policies and procedures
With your consent, we use automated decision-making and artificial intelligence (AI) methods to provide you with
        insight about Personal Data contained within your CV
To provide targeted, personalised, or location-based content, services, and advertising from us and third parties
We may use anonymised data internally for analytics or license anonymised data to third parties, but we will not license Personal Data with third parties unless there is a lawful basis for processing
The lawful basis for the processing
Consent
In certain cases, such as the delivery of job alerts by email or contacting you about
    relevant jobs based on your CV, Adzuna relies on your explicit (opt-in) consent. You may withdraw your consent at
    any time by going to your account settings or by unsubscribing from related email communication.
Legitimate Interest
Adzuna will process your Personal Data where there is a legitimate interest.
    This may include, for example, emailing you about changes to our products or Terms & Conditions.
Performance of a contract
Adzuna may hold contracts with third parties where Adzuna is acting as a
    Data Processor. In these cases Adzuna may have a contractual obligation to use your Personal Data in a way that you
    have consented to with the third party. For example, Adzuna may deliver job email alerts to you under contract from
    a third party.
Compliance with a legal obligation
Legal obligations can arise where it is necessary for Adzuna
    to process Personal Data. For example, Adzuna may be required to retain records for certain periods of time in order
    to comply with local legal requirements.
Recipients of Personal Data
Third party service providers
Adzuna may use third-party service providers for operations and to
    help us protect our users. Examples of such providers include but are not limited to MailChimp, Google and Amazon Web Services. In these cases we may need to share your Personal Data with them. More information about how Google will use your personal data can be found on
Google’s Privacy and Terms site.
These third parties act as Data Processors for Adzuna and can only process Personal Data for the purpose stated in our contract with them. They must also comply with all applicable data protection laws.
Advertisers
If you apply for a job directly through Adzuna then we may send your Personal Data
    to the Advertiser (for example an end employer or a Post an Ad Advertiser). Advertisers agree to comply with our
    Terms & Conditions and all of their responsibilities under applicable data protection laws.
International transfer of Personal Data
Some Personal Data we hold is transferred internationally to third parties to jurisdictions outside of the EEA or to countries and territories not covered by the UK’s current adequacy regulations. In this situation we ensure that the processing of Personal Data is safeguarded either
    through the inclusion of SCCs (standard contractual clauses) in our contract with the third parties, or through
    other contractual clauses authorised by the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Storage of your Personal Data
If you do not use Adzuna or interact with our services for a significant period of time, we will delete some or all
    of your Personal Data from our site. Our criteria for deletion is determined according to the frequency of
    interactions observed and the nature of the Personal Data.
Your rights to manage your Personal Data
Rights of Access, Data Portability and Rectification
The majority of your Personal Data can be
    viewed on Adzuna’s website when you are signed in to your account. Here you can also edit and rectify any errors.
    You also have the right to request a copy of the information we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or
    all of your Personal Data please write to us at the address given below or use our
online contact form
.
Right to erasure
You can erase your Personal Data at any time. If you receive email alerts, you
    can delete these within your account or from the link within the emails. If you have an account with a password you
    can individually delete any CV(s) you may have uploaded by going to the MyAdzuna section of your account. You can
    also delete your entire Adzuna account here.
Right to Object or Restrict Processing
If you wish to make a formal request to object to, or
    restrict, processing of your Personal Data then you can use our
online
        contact form
. Please provide us with the email address associated with your account. We may subsequently
    need to ask for copies of identification such as passport or driving licence.
How we safeguard your data
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,
    we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the
    information we collect.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which is saved on your computer by a website. Cookies are typically used on your subsequent
    visits to a website and they enable it to remember information about your preferences. Generally, cookies do not
    contain personally identifiable information. Included within the definition of cookies are Locally Stored Objects
    ("Flash Cookies"), and HTML5 Local Storage. More information about cookies, including how to delete and control
    them, can be found here:
www.aboutcookies.org
. Adzuna uses
    the following types of cookie:
Cookies set by us: we use these to improve your user experience, for example by saving your recent searches so
        you can access them again easily or by saving your password to automatically log you into your Adzuna account
Third party cookies and technologies: these primarily enable us to track the performance of our website which helps us
        improve the service we provide (for example through Google Analytics which collects anonymous statistical data
        about pages visited). We may also share information about you with intermediaries, which allows third parties to show you personalised advertising. These intermediaries and products may include but are not limited to: Google (AdWords, Customer Match), Facebook (Custom Audiences), and Outbrain.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if
    you prefer. If you decline cookies, you may lose functionality or features of the Adzuna website.
You accept the use of all cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy notice only applies to this website so when you link to
    another website then their privacy notice will apply.
Changes to our privacy notice
We keep our privacy notice under regular review and we will place any updates on this webpage. This privacy notice
    was last updated on
29th November 2022
.
How to contact us
You can get in touch with us via our
online contact form
, or
    alternatively you can write to us at our registered office: Adzuna Limited, 212 New Kings Road, London, SW6 4NZ.
If you have any questions about this policy you can email: dataprotectionofficer-@-adzuna.com (remove dashes when
    sending email) or write to the Data Protection Officer at the address above. If you do not think we are handling
    your Personal Data adequately, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office.
    Further information, including contact details, are available at
https://ico.org.uk
.
About us
Careers
(opens in new window)
The team
Press
Our Blog
(opens in new window)
Twitter
(opens in new window)
Facebook
(opens in new window)
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Notice
Jobs
❯
About us
❯
Privacy Notice
Popular Jobs
Top job titles
Civil Service jobs
Warehouse jobs
Post Office jobs
Delivery Driver jobs
Government jobs
Customer Service jobs
Cleaner jobs
Teaching Assistant jobs
Security jobs
HGV jobs
Top job types
Work From Home jobs
Part Time jobs
Remote jobs
Online jobs
Weekend jobs
Immediate Start jobs
Freelance jobs
Entry Level jobs
Night Shift jobs
Temporary jobs
Top companies
NHS jobs
Amazon jobs
Tesco jobs
Royal Mail jobs
Sainsbury's jobs
Asda jobs
National Trust jobs
McDonald's jobs
Morrisons jobs
Aldi jobs
Top locations
Jobs in Edinburgh
Jobs in Leeds
Jobs in Kent
Jobs in London
Jobs in Birmingham
Jobs in Manchester
Jobs in Bristol
Jobs in Leicester
Jobs in Devon
Jobs in Liverpool
Jobseekers
Browse jobs
Salaries
Blog
ValueMyCV
WorkInStartups
Recruiters
Post a job
Adzuna Intelligence
API
Adzuna
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Country selection
United Kingdom
change
© 2023 ADZUNA LTD
Country selection
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
France
Germany
India
Italy
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Poland
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Switzerland
United Kingdom
USA