Animals & Birds Ring Tones
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Privacy Policy
Animals & Birds Ring Tones
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
January 21, 2022
Your Privacy is important to us. This Privacy statement states how and why we use those personal data which we collect from you. This Privacy policy is a part of our terms of service and applies to the information that is collected during the connection with the installation and use of the application, related service, and our site. For any question or regards about this Privacy Policy please contact us at
skybravo001@gmail.com
.
ANIMAL SOUNDS CREDITS:
We are using while giving credit of all the animal & birds sounds under free license to the following free download websites.
https://www.freesoundslibrary.com
https://freeanimalsounds.org/
https://www.zapsplat.com/sound-effect-categories/
https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/animals/
https://www.redringtones.com/animal-ringtones/
https://www.videvo.net/royalty-free-sound-effects/
https://www.soundsnap.com/
If you think any of the sounds from these websites is violation copy right violation, kindly do contact the website directly and if you own any of the sound being used in our app and you think it is violating copyright, please do not hesitate to contact us
at
skybravo001@gmail.com
.
INFORMATION WHICH WE COLLECT:
For your service we collect your personal information as per we need. Only for provide and the improvement the App services we are committed to collecting the necessary information.
PERSONAL INFORMATION :
We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within.
Our app requires permissions to access phone and device gallery only to give user an option to select images to convert them to PDF. We don't steal, store or share your data to anyone.
Our app requires permission to your contacts if you wan to share PDF file with your any of contact.
We don't steal, store or share your contacts data to anyone.
HOW TO CONTACT US :
For any sort of your question or comments related about this policy or our privacy practices, please contact us as by skybravo001@gmail.com.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY :
Please review this policy periodically as we will post any privacy policy changes on this page. For any modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances, we will surely provide you additional forms of notice mentioning that. You can immediately stop all the services as you do not agree to any modifications to this policy.
LIMITED LIABILITY :
You accept that; SkyTek do not have any sort of liability what so ever for anything that may arise from
the use of our app.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
PDF Editor
December 26, 2018
Privacy Policy     Your Privacy is important to us. This Privacy statement states how and why we use those personal data which we collect from you. This Privacy policy is a part of our terms of service and applies to the information that is collected during the connection with the installation and use of the application, related service, and our site. For any question or regards about this Privacy Policy please contact us at  skybravo001@gmail.com .     INFORMATION WHICH WE COLLECT:    PERSONAL INFORMATION :   We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within.  We don 't steal, store or share your data to anyone.   HOW TO CONTACT US :   For any sort of your question or comments related about this policy or our privacy practices, please contact us as by skybravo001@gmail.com.       CHANGES TO OUR
Read more
Night Clock: Always on Display
April 19, 2022
Your Privacy is important to us. This Privacy statement states how and why we use those personal data which we collect from you. This Privacy policy is a part of our terms of service and applies to the information that is collected during the connection with the installation and use of the application, related service, and our site. For any question or regards about this Privacy Policy please contact us at  skybravo001@gmail.com . Wall Papers CREDITS: We create our own clocks or we take idea from the clocks available free online. If you find any of the clocks copied and you  think it is violating copyright, please do not hesitate to contact us  at  skybravo001@gmail.com .  INFORMATION WHICH WE COLLECT: PERSONAL INFORMATION : We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within. Our app requires permi
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
SkyTek
Visit profile
Archive
December 2022
1
April 2022
1
January 2022
2
December 2021
1
December 2018
1
Report Abuse