Privacy Policy
Your privacy is cruitial for us. We are committed to protecting your privacy. Any information provided to us, including the collection, use, and maintaining of personal information by Candy Mobile Games, will never be released to others without your prior consent. The information that is collected will be exclusively used to enhance your experience while using application of Candy Mobile Games.
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
:
Personal information:
We do not collect personal information and therefore we do not disclose your personal information.
Non-personal information:
We collect non-personal information, such as data that does not allow direct association with any specific individual. Non-personal data is collected, used, transferred, and disclosed for a number of purposes. These purposes include the use of cookies and other technologies that give us a better understanding of our users' needs. A "cookie" is a small data file that is stored on your device. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. We use information collected from cookies to improve users' experience and the overall quality of our services.
Information you provide:
If you contact us for customer support, we may obtain and maintain any information you choose to provide, including your name, contact info such as your email address, as well as information about your mobile device or personal computer such as its device type, OS type, and logs. We will use this information to address and investigate the issues you have raised, to provide you support, and to improve our customer support service.
Use of non-personal data:
Though we don't store and use any personal information our apps may contain APIs from third parties, specifically, our mobile apps can use Google Analytics to help analyse how users behave in the apps. We mainly look out how long users have spent in the apps, how many screens were displayed and the location(Country/Region) of our users. This information is then used to evaluate the use of our apps and to improve the usability.We may display advertisements in our apps to fund the development process for current and future Services. The advertisements are provided by third party companies and they may use and collect anonymous data about the user's interests to be able to select more relevant advertisements. This information may also include location data and unique device identifier. No information is collected to allow third parties identifying you as a person.
Acceptance of the terms:
By using our apps, you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy, please do not use our apps. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.Google Analytics privacy policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
By using our apps, you agree to the terms of this policy
Policy Updates:
Candy Mobile Games, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. If we change our policy for any reason, we will update the 'Last updated' date at the bottom of this page. .
Last updated: December 26, 2016