UUCMobile: Privacy Policy for mobile applications by UUCMobile
UUCMobile
Wednesday, March 13, 2019
Privacy Policy for mobile applications by UUCMobile
Privacy Policy for Mobile Applications by UUCMobile
UUCMobile ("We," "Our," "Us") has developed this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, and protect information. We encourage you to carefully read this Privacy Policy to make informed decisions regarding your use of our mobile applications ("the apps").
This page informs you about our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if you choose to use our service.
Information Collection and Use
While using our service, we may request you to provide certain personally identifiable information to enhance your experience. However, we want to clarify that we do not collect any personally identifiable information.
The app may utilize third-party services that collect information for identification purposes. We recommend reviewing the privacy policies of these third-party service providers, such as Google Play Services, to understand how they handle your data.
Location Data
Our applications do not request access to your location data.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our services, in the event of an app error, we collect data and information (through third-party products) known as Log Data. This Log Data may include your device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, app configuration details, time and date of app usage, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are small files containing anonymous unique identifiers that are commonly used for tracking purposes. Our service does not explicitly use cookies. However, certain third-party code and libraries used in the app may employ cookies to collect data and improve their services. You have the option to accept or refuse cookies and be notified when a cookie is being sent to your device. Please note that refusing cookies may limit your access to certain features of our service.
Service Providers
We may engage third-party companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf, facilitate our service, provide service-related services, or assist in analyzing how our service is used. These third parties may have access to your Personal Information, but they are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Security
We understand the importance of safeguarding your Personal Information and strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect it. However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.
Children's Privacy
Our services are not directed towards individuals under the age of 6. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 6. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child, who is not under 6, has provided personal information, please contact us so that we can take necessary action.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy periodically. It is advised to review this page from time to time for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the revised Privacy Policy on this page. The updated policy will be effective immediately upon posting.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us via email at
uucmobile@gmail.com
.
Posted by
UUCMobile
at
2:29 AM
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
No comments:
Post a Comment
Newer Post
Older Post
Home
Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)
About Me
UUCMobile
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
►
2023
(1)
►
June
(1)
▼
2019
(1)
▼
March
(1)
Privacy Policy for mobile applications by UUCMobile
►
2017
(1)
►
February
(1)
Simple theme. Powered by
Blogger
.