Privacy and Confidentiality
Welcome to the AjkerDeal Android Application (the "App") operated by
AjkerDeal.com Limited (Registration Number: 'C-114261/14')
. We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. To learn more, please read this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and (under certain conditions) disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy also explains the steps we have taken to secure your personal information. Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. By visiting the app directly or through another app, you accept the practices described in this Policy.
Data protection is a matter of trust and your privacy is important to us. We shall therefore only use your name and other information which relates to you in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will only collect information where it is necessary for us to do so and we will only collect information if it is relevant to our dealings with you.
We will only keep your information for as long as we are either required to by law or as is relevant for the purposes for which it was collected.
You can visit the app without having to provide personal details. During your visit to the App you remain anonymous and at no time can we identify you unless you have an account on the App and log on with your user name and password.
1.Data that we collect
We may collect various pieces of information if you seek to place an order for a product with us on the App.
We collect, store and process your data for processing your purchase on the App and any possible later claims, and to provide you with our services. We may collect personal information including, but not limited to, your title, name, gender, date of birth, email address, postal address, delivery address (if different), telephone number, mobile number, payment details.
We will use the information you provide to enable us to process your orders and to provide you with the services and information offered through our app and which you request. Further, we will use the information you provide to administer your account with us; verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make; audit the downloading of data from our app; improve the layout and/or content of the pages of our app and customize them for users; identify visitors on our app; carry out research on our users' demographics; send you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us, including information about our products and services, provided you have indicated that you have not objected to being contacted for these purposes. Subject to obtaining your consent we may contact you by email with details of other products and services. If you prefer not to receive any marketing communications from us, you can opt out at any time.
We may pass your name and address on to a third party in order to make delivery of the product to you (for example to our courier or supplier). You must only submit to us the App information which is accurate and not misleading and you must keep it up to date and inform us of changes.
Your actual order details may be stored with us but for security reasons cannot be retrieved directly by us. However, you may access this information by logging into your account on the App. Here you can view the details of your orders that have been completed, those which are open and those which are shortly to be dispatched and administer your address details, bank details ( for refund purposes) and any newsletter to which you may have subscribed. You undertake to treat the personal access data confidentially and not make it available to unauthorized third parties. We cannot assume any liability for misuse of passwords unless this misuse is our fault.
Other uses of your Personal Information
We may use your personal information for opinion and market research. Your details are anonymous and will only be used for statistical purposes. You can choose to opt out of this at any time. Any answers to surveys or opinion polls we may ask you to complete will not be forwarded on to third parties. Disclosing your email address is only necessary if you would like to take part in competitions. We save the answers to our surveys separately from your email address.
We may also send you other information about us, the App, our other websites or Apps, our products, sales promotions, our newsletters, anything relating to other companies in our group or our business partners. If you would prefer not to receive any of this additional information as detailed in this paragraph (or any part of it) please click the 'unsubscribe' link in any email that we send to you. Within 7 working days (days which are neither a public holiday anywhere in Bangladesh) of receipt of your instruction we will cease to send you information as requested. If your instruction is unclear we will contact you for clarification.
We may further anonymize data about users of the App generally and use it for various purposes, including ascertaining the general location of the users and usage of certain aspects of the App or a link contained in an email to those registered to receive them, and supplying that anonymized data to third parties such as publishers. However, that anonymized data will not be capable of identifying you personally.
Competitions
For any competition we use the data to notify winners and advertise our offers. You can find more details where applicable in our participation terms for the respective competition.
Third Parties and Links
We may pass your details to other companies in our group. We may also pass your details to our agents and subcontractors to help us with any of our uses of your data set out in our Privacy Policy. For example, we may use third parties to assist us with delivering products to you, to help us to collect payments from you, to analyze data and to provide us with marketing or customer service assistance.
We may exchange information with third parties for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We may transfer our databases containing your personal information if we sell our business or part of it. Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, we shall NOT sell or disclose your personal data to third parties without obtaining your prior consent unless this is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or unless we are required to do so by law. The Site may contain advertisements of third parties and links to other sites or frames of other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those third parties or other sites, nor for any third party to whom we transfer your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
2. Permissions
READ EXTERNAL STORAGE: Ajkerdeal App reads External Storage of User’s phone to allow users to upload their photos to participate in different App activity such as profile photo, different photos of products and tools. The photos users upload at are their own choice. Ajkerdeal doesn’t share these photos with any party or vendors. Users can reject or avoid to give Read External Storage permission.
WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE: Ajkerdeal App writes App configurations and preferences at User’s app with user’s permission. No harmful or misleading information are saved at user’s external storage.  Users can reject or avoid to give Write External Storage permission.
RECORD AUDIO: Ajkerdeal uses Google Speech API for users to search with voice. The audio permission is used for that purpose only.  Users can reject or avoid to give Record Audio permission.
CAMERA: Users can upload their profile photo, review their product with photos. Camera permission is taken from users for those purposes only. No photos of Users are used without their consent. Users can reject or avoid to give camera permission.
FOREGROUND SERVICE: This service is used to let users know uploading progress at foreground. Ajkerdeal keeps user’s uploaded photo data secured as per policy.
3.Security
We have in place appropriate technical and security measures to prevent unauthorized or unlawful access to or accidental loss of or destruction or damage to your information. When we collect data through the App, we collect your personal details on a secure server. We use firewalls on our servers. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you. You are responsible for protecting against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
4.Your rights
If you are concerned about your data you have the right to request access to the personal data which we may hold or process about you. You have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data free of charge. At any stage you also have the right to ask us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes.