clean360
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
clean360
Privacy Policy
If someone decides to use Clean360, this page is used to inform visitors of the privacy policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
If you choose to use Clean360, you agree to the collection and use of information in connection with this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve services. We will not use or share your information with anyone other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, when using our services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information we request will remain on your device and we will not collect it in any way.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information that can be used to identify you.
Links to the privacy policies of third-party service providers used by the app：
google play services：https://policies.google.com/privacy
AdMob：https://support.google.com/admob
Google Analytics for Firebase：https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics
Facebook：https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update/printable
Service provider
I may hire third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
to promote our services;
to provide services on our behalf;
perform services in connection with the services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our services are used.
I would like to inform users of this service that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obliged not to disclose or use this information for any other purpose.
Security
I value the trust you place in providing us with your personal information, so we are working hard to protect it using commercially acceptable means. Remember, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. By continuing to access or use the Services after these changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse