Jiochat Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY FOR JIOCHAT APPLICATION
Thank you for using JioChat! Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this privacy policy.
SCOPE:
1. Jio Platforms Ltd. and/or its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as "JPL" "Company" "we" "our" "us") 
is committed to protecting the privacy of the users ("you" "your" "yourself" "user") of its JioChat website and JioChat application offered by the Company (hereinafter referred to as "JioChat") and has provided this privacy policy ("Policy") which outlines JioChat’s privacy practices regarding the collection, use and safeguard of your information through JioChat and the services offered thereupon..
2. This Policy forms an integral part of the End User License Agreement available at
https://jiochat.com/condition/eula.html
("EULA") 
 and should be read in consonance with the EULA. Capitalized terms which have been used here but are undefined shall have the same meaning as attributed to them in the EULA.
3. Your clicking of the "I Agree" button and submission of personal information or if you are a minor, the submission of your personal information either by your parents (or your guardian) or by you with the permission of your parents (or guardian) to JioChat will be deemed as your acceptance of this Policy.
4. This Policy shall be construed as provided in compliance with Information Technology Act, 2000 as amended and read with the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY:
1. We are obligated to protect your information in accordance with applicable laws, and regulations.
2. This Policy is subject to modification based on changes in the business, legal and regulatory requirements and will be updated online. We will communicate any changes to this Policy to you. You are encouraged to periodically visit this page to review the Policy and any changes to it.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
1. Please note that your mobile service provider, mobile operating system provider, third party applications (including the applications pre-loaded on your smart phones powered by Android/iOS platform or customized Android ROM or Jio Phone (
				"Device"), social media platforms and websites that you access may also collect, use and share information about you and your usage. We cannot control how these third parties collect, use, share or secure this information. For information about third-party privacy practices, please consult their respective privacy policies.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
1. Personal information is defined as information that can be used to identify you and may include details such as your name, age, gender, contact information, products and services you are interested in or require more information about. Insofar as sensitive personal information is concerned, it will carry the meaning as may be defined by applicable laws from time to time.
2. The following is the manner in which we collect, use, share and retain personal information:
2.1 Collection
(a) You agree that JioChat may collect such personal information, whenever relevant, to help providing you with information and to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. You also consent to the collection of certain personal information in the course of your applying for the products and/or services.
2.2 Usage JioChat seeks this information either to:
(i) validate and process your request for the services of JioChat or information;
(ii) to improve the quality of JioChat;
(iii) to assist you to determine which services best meet your needs; or
(iv) to facilitate our internal business operations, including the fulfilment of any legal and regulatory requirements; or
(v) to provide you with recommendation about services you may be interested in, based on your use of JioChat; or
(vi) to provide you with marketing communications and advertising that JioChat believe may be of interest of you ;or
(vii) to facilitate your purchases.
2.3 Sharing
(a) We may disclose personal information to our affiliates when necessary to perform services on our behalf or on your behalf, to provide display advertising and promotional services, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, providing customer service etc.
(b) We may also share personal information with external organizations or individuals if we believe that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
i. meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
ii. detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and
iii. protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our customers or the public, as required or permitted by law.
2.4 Retention
The information so collected shall be retained only for a limited duration necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined herein unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law and only for the purposes defined above. Once the purpose is achieved, all personal information is deleted in a safe and secure mode.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION:
1. Non-personal information is defined as any data that does not personally identify you and may include unique system or hardware identifiers, system or application software, and peripherals.
2. Any non-personal information, when clubbed with personal information shall be treated as personal information. You may at any time, opt-out of sharing the same.
3. The following is the manner in which we collect, use, share and retain non-personal information.
3.1 Collection:
You agree that JioChat may collect diagnostic, technical, usage related information, for the usage purposes described below.
3.2 Usage:
The above mentioned information is gathered periodically to provide and improve JioChat and services therein, facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services to you (if any) and to verify compliance with the terms of this Policy.
3.3 Sharing:
To enable JioChat partners and third party developers to improve their software, hardware and services designed for use with JioChat, we may also provide any such partner or third party developer with a subset of diagnostic information that is relevant to that partnerâs or developerâs software, hardware and/or services, as long as the diagnostic information is in a form that does not personally identify you.
3.4 Retention:
The information so collected shall be retained only for a limited duration necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined herein unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law and only for the purposes defined above. Once the purpose is achieved, all information is deleted in a safe and secure mode.
LOCATION SERVICES:
1. JioChat, its licensees and agents, may access, collect and analyse your usage of JioChat and other information related to your location on a regular basis through Bluetooth and Wi-Fi signals and other technologies and data for the performance of the services provided by JioChat and to help improve the design, functionality, performance, and content of JioChat. In order to collect geo-location information, the location settings must be enabled on your Device. Therefore, in some cases, JioChat may request that you enable the location settings.
2. Except in cases where any specific services requested by you require or involve personal identification, JioChat collects location data anonymously and in a form that does not personally identify you. By using JioChat, you agree and consent to transmission, collection, maintenance, processing and use of your location data and queries to provide and improve such services of JioChat.
COOKIES
1. Information collected by cookies and other technologies are treated as non-personal information. However, to the extent that IP addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we treat any information linked to such identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information.
OTHER INFORMATION JIOCHAT COLLECTS
1. JioChat may also collect other information about you in ways that JioChat describes to you or otherwise with your consent. You can choose not to provide us with certain types of information, but doing so may affect your ability to avail and/or use some services.
2. At the time of installation of the JioChat, JioChat will require your permission to enable it to find the location of your Device, modify or delete SD card contents, read phone statistics and identity, mount and un-mount file systems, etc. You acknowledge that you are agree to providing such information to JioChat.
3. The features of JioChat may allow you to post content such as profile information, status update, comments, and other content and/or information (User Content). The ownership over the User Content created by you remains with you; however, by sharing User Content through JioChat, you agree to allow others to view and/or share your User Content in accordance with this Policy.
4. JioChat may enable you to invite your friends to use JioChat by sending them an invitation email or message. You may do so by: (i) using JioChat to send or post an invitation message to your friendâs external email address or his contact information.
THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS, WEBSITES & SERVICES
1. JioChat may include links to other websites/applications or may display advertisements from third parties and other content that links to third party websites. Such websites/applications are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are out of JioChatâs control. Once you leave our servers, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the website / application you are visiting. That policy may differ from that of JioChat. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of such websites /application via a link from the website's homepage, you should contact the relevant website /application directly for more information.
ACCESS, CORRECTION AND DELETION
1. JioChat strives hard to keep its records updated and accurate with your latest information. You shall be responsible to ensure that the information or data you provide from time to time is and shall be correct, current and updated and you have all the rights, permissions and consents to provide such information or data.
2. You may note that deletion of certain information or withdrawal of consent may lead to cancellation of your access to JioChat or your access to certain features and services of JioChat. Additionally, we may not be able to process your request of correction, updating or deletion, in case the same is not supported by valid documents or data retention is required by the applicable law or law enforcement requests or under any judicial proceedings or it is extremely difficult to implement (such as requests related to backup copies or if a new system is required to process the request or change of technical design) or risks the privacy of other users.
LIABILITY
1. We shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special or exemplary damage(s) arising due to loss of data or use arising out of or in connection with your access or use of or inability to access or use JioChat.
2. We shall not be liable for any third party products, software or service provided by any third party applications on JioChat. You shall assume all risks arising out of or resulting from any transaction undertaken by you with any third party application on JioChat and you agree that we shall not be responsible or liable for any loss to you due to your usage of such third party application.
QUERIES AND COMPLAINTS
We are committed to protect your personal information collected and processed by us and look forward to your continued support for the same. In case of any feedback or concern regarding protection of your personal information, or any privacy-related feedback or concerns you may contact:
Mrs. Radha Nair,
Reliance Corporate IT Park, TC-22,
Thane Belapur Road, Ghansoli, Navi Mumbai 400701
Email id: grievance.officer@jio.com
Monthly Report in compliance with The Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Ethics Code) Rule 2021
Last Updated: 15th November, 2021. Copyright © 2021, JPL. All rights reserved.