Data protection declaration - PONS
Information on data protection
Privacy Policy
Valid from: 08.01.2024
1. Introduction
PONS Langenscheidt GmbH (referred to below as: "PONS LS") takes the protection of personal data of its users and its customers very seriously. It is important to us that you can trust the protection of your personal data at PONS LS at all times and that you know how PONS LS uses your data while ensuring data protection.
With this privacy policy, we inform you about the processing of personal data (referred to below as: data) by PONS LS when you use our offers and services on one of our websites (www.pons.com, www.langenscheidt.com, www.klett-lerntraining.de) or via one of our mobile applications for iOS or Android (referred to below as: apps).
2. Data controller
PONS Langenscheidt GmbH
Stöckachstr. 11
70190 Stuttgart / Germany
Tel.: #49 (0) 711 / 89462111
Contact: support@pons.de
3. Contact detail of the data of the data protection officer
Michael Mayer,
privacy@pons.de
4. Processing of personal data
The use of your data is governed by the applicable legal provisions, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (referred to below as: GDPR).
4.1 Orders, purchase, registration
4.1.1. Orders in our PONS LS online stores
a) Why and on what legal basis data is processed?
When you place an order in one of our online stores (accessible via www.pons.com, www.langenscheidt.com, www.klett-lerntraining.de), the data required to establish a contract and process your order is recorded. The data includes first and last name, billing and, if applicable, delivery address, as well as your email address, and, if available, the relevant educational institution. In the case of an educational institution, the status of the teacher and the subjects taught are also requested as part of the verification of the school stamp. The data will be processed for the purpose of assigning the order to you as well as for the delivery of the goods and, if necessary, sending an invoice, together with the processing of payment and clarification of possible legal claims. If you have ordered media at preferential conditions, we also process your data for the purpose of checking whether you meet the requirements for this.
The legal basis is Art. 6 section 1 b) GDPR. Optionally, you can create a customer account by registering, which can be used for future orders in our online stores as well as for logging into other services on our websites and in the apps of PONS LS. Registration also requires the setting of an individual password. The combination of email address and password enable the login after registration (referred to below as: login data). We may process the data provided by you upon registration in accordance with Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR, insofar as this is necessary for the establishment or fulfillment of a contract. Furthermore, we may process the data in accordance with Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR, as we would like to simplify possible future orders in our online stores for you.
In addition, we may process data that you have voluntarily provided to us when placing an order or registering, in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a) and, if applicable, also f) GDPR, subject to the condition that you have consented to this processing. This is, for example, your company/school or similar. The processing of this voluntary information takes place in order to be able to contact you more quickly in the event of delivery difficulties. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) a) and possibly f) GDPR.
b) Will data be passed on?
For the following purposes, we also transfer the data, at least in part, to the following processors and other recipients:
Collection agencies
The data is only passed on for the collection of receivables from customers who do not pay their purchase price.
Billing and customer management
A transfer is made to take over the billing and fulfillment of tax retention obligations for digital subscriptions on our behalf.
Payment service providers such as credit card companies
(e.g. PAYONE GmbH)
Your name and payment details will be passed on for the purpose of processing payments for subscription orders if you have selected the payment method "credit card" or direct debit.
Technical service providers
Data is passed on to order processors for the purposes of hosting and maintaining our website, quality assurance or in the context of any mailing services.
for further recipients see 4.6. below
We are jointly responsible for the processing of your data when you place an order in our web stores together with Stuttgarter Verlagskontor GmbH, Rotebühlstr. 77, 70178 Stuttgart (referred to below as: "SVK"). SVK takes care of the order acceptance, the maintenance of the customer database, the shipping, the invoicing and the collection in its own name and for its own account ("real factoring"). Therefore, the transfer of your order data to SVK is necessary.
The legal basis for a transfer of data to SVK is Art. 6 section 1 f) GDPR. PONS LS and SVK are group companies of the Klett Group, Ernst Klett Aktiengesellschaft. We therefore have a legitimate interest in transferring data to SVK for internal administrative purposes. This is the only way SVK can collect the assigned purchase price claims against our customers.
PONS LS and SVK have concluded an agreement regulating data protection responsibilities, the main content of which we will provide to you by email upon request. We pass on orders from Switzerland to our partner there:
Balmer Bücherdienst AG, Kobiboden, CH-8840 Einsiedeln.
Ernst Klett AG, Rotebühlstr. 77, D-70178 Stuttgart provides uniform legal advice for the purpose of cooperation within the Klett Group based on the division of labor. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 section 1 f) GDPR. In an agreement on joint responsibility pursuant to Art. 26 GDPR, we have defined with Ernst Klett AG who fulfills which obligations under data protection law. We will provide you with the main content of this agreement upon request.
c) Do I have to provide my data?
There is no legal or contractual requirement for you to provide your data. However, for the purpose of establishing a purchase contract with us your name, address and email address are required as a minimum. Otherwise we will not be able to send the order to your address, or provide you with confirmation of your order by email. With all forms of payment except for purchases made on account the entry of payment data is necessary, because otherwise we will not be able to debit your account or credit card with the agreed price. In order to conclude a contract with us, no further details or registration are necessary.
d) Deletion of data
We have the right to save data until the final fulfilment of the individual contract. In the case of purchase contracts, we are permitted to save data until the receipt of payment and for a period of up to 2 years after the goods have been delivered. If the saving of data is necessary for the purpose of compliance with our legal obligations in accordance with Art. 6 Section 1 c GDPR, in conjunction with Germany's Commercial Code or tax regulations, we have the right to save such data until the expiry of the retention periods which the applicable laws and regulations stipulate. This can lead to a retention period of up to 7 years. Unless we have the right or obligation to retain the data for a longer period of time for the reasons which are outlined above, the data you enter when you register an account with us will either be deleted as soon as possible at your request, or at the latest 4 years after you place your last order.
4.1.2 Use of PONS LS Apps
a) Registration
In order to be able to use the full functionality of the PONS LS apps, a one-time registration is necessary. If registration has already taken place when ordering in a PONS LS online store (see 4.1.1), you can also use the registration data to log into a PONS LS app. After logging into a PONS LS app, additional paid functions can also be purchased and activated, which are handled via the associated app stores of iOS and Android. Here, the data protection provisions of Apple for the iOS app store (https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/app-store/) and of Google for the Android app store (https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/?hl=en) must also be observed.
b) Use of the PONS and Langenscheidt "School Dictionary Apps”
Special Terms of Use https://en.pons.com/p/conditions-of-use apply for the use of the "School Dictionary App". In order to access the app content, an access code has to be activated on the website. This access code is connected to the corresponding user account and user device. To be able to manage your licenses, we store your device name, the date of your access code activation and the date of your last online access of the app. We will process this data until the withdrawal of your consent, but at least for 3 months after the end of the contract. The code activation is at least possible for a period of 36 months after publication of the printed edition
c) Use of the PONS Vocabulary Trainer (web version or app)
When using PONS Vocabulary Trainer, your results are displayed in a best list (in the app see status, table). The username you selected or, if there is no username, a shortened username based on the email address you provided will be generated.
4.1.3 Use of the "PONS Translation Service
The following applies to our "PONS Translation Service" on www.pons.com in addition to the other information in this data protection declaration:
•     Registration
When you register with the "PONS Translation Service", the purpose of processing your data is to create your user account and profile as well as personal vocabulary lists. The legal basis is Art. 6 section 1 b) GDPR, if you have entered data in fields not marked as mandatory. The data will be deleted as soon as you delete your user account. The data will also be deleted at the latest when you have not logged in for 4 years unless the entries are copyright relevant. In these cases, the time limits according to copyright law apply. Processing of your data is not mandatory. You can also use the "PONS Translation Service" without providing any additional data. To register with the "PONS Translation Service", you must at least provide your email address and a password, so that we can send you confirmation of your registration and you can log in later. If you do not register, you might not be able to use some functions of the "PONS Translation Service".
•     Processing of entered text for translation
In the "PONS translation service", enter only text that you want to transfer to our servers. The transfer of your text is necessary to be able to perform the translation for you. We process your text as well as their translations for a limited period of time, insofar as this is necessary for the creation and transfer of a translation. The processing is therefore justified according to Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR. In addition, the underlying translation algorithms are trained to improve future results for all users. Texts and translations are not stored permanently and are deleted after the contractually owed service has been provided.
Please note that you use the "PONS Translation Service" in accordance with our Terms of Use
https://en.pons.com/p/conditions-of-use
.
4.1.4. Use of www.pons.com with advertising or PONS Pur
When you visit www.pons.com, you can choose between a free ad-supported access ("PONS with Advertising") or a paid access without ad-tracking and without third-party advertising ("PONS Pur").
If you actively opt for an ad-supported access, we store and use cookies, device IDs and similar tracking technologies on end devices (for the use of tracking, see 4.6; and specifically for cookies, see 4.6.2). This allows us to collect usage data and process it pseudonymised into usage profiles in order to display usage-based advertising ("advertising tracking"). In this case, we finance our offer with your consent by means of optimised advertising enabled by advertising tracking. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
If you choose the PONS Pur subscription, we only use necessary cookies and tracking technologies for functionality, internal analyses and performance measurements. We have an overriding legitimate interest in this according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR and § 25 para. 2 no. 2 TTDSG. To delete your access please refer to Section 5.3.
4.2 Advertising
In rare cases, we also use your data to send advertising by post or email for our products, provided you have been our customer for three years, you have given us your postal address or email address and have not refused your consent to such advertising (for your right to object, see 5.4). The processing of the data is based on Art. 6 section 1 f) GDPR. We have a legitimate business interest in sending our existing customers advertising by post or email.
4.3. Contacting
Any data you enter on our contact form or communicate to us by email or otherwise will be processed so that we can deal with and reply to your enquiry. If desired, it will also be processed for the purpose of sending a copy of your enquiry to your own email address.
We may process data that you enter in our contact form in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR, provided that you have consented to this processing by clicking on the "Send message" button. If you enter sensitive information in the "Message" field that contains special categories of data (e.g. origin, political opinions, religion, health data), you also consent to the processing of this data. If you send us data by email or otherwise, the legal basis is Art. 6 (1) f) and, if applicable, b) GDPR.
This data will be deleted at the latest after 24 months after receipt of your request, unless we are entitled or obliged to store it longer due to legal regulations in connection with Art. 6 section 1 c) GDPR. This may result in a maximum storage of 7 years.
We transmit your contact request to the order processors named under 4.1 and 4.6.1 and, in addition, if necessary. also to the recipients named below:
Prospero GmbH                                             Müllerstrasse 27, 80469 Munich / Germany
Amevida Freiburg GmbH                             Zinkmattenstraße 6a, 79108 Freiburg / Germany
4.4 Applying for jobs at PONS LS
If you apply to PONS LS in response to a job advertisement or on your own initiative, your data will be processed for the purpose of deciding on the establishment of an employment relationship on the basis of Art. 88 GDPR in conjunction with § 26 Section (1) or (2) BDSG. For the purpose of dealing with the application, the data will be stored by us for a period of six months from the conclusion of the application process, after which it will be deleted. If you take up employment with us on the conclusion of the application process, the processing of your data beyond this time is permitted in accordance with the above legal basis for the purpose of establishing and implementing an employment relationship.
You are not required to provide your personal data either contractually or in legal terms. However, an online application is not possible without the provision and saving of data. If you voluntarily provide us with special categories of data, including details of your origins, political, religious or ideological convictions, membership of a trade union, medical condition or sexual orientation, you also provide your consent to the processing of this data. Such processing will only take place to the extent that is absolutely necessary for the above-mentioned purposes.
You are expressly requested not to communicate such data to us.
4.5 Newsletter from PONS LS
If you have subscribed to a PONS LS newsletter via one of our websites, we process your email address for the purpose of sending you our newsletter on a regular basis. After ordering the newsletter, you will receive an email from us with a link to verify your email address.
The legal basis for the dispatch is your consent, which you gave us when ordering the newsletter (Art. 6 section 1 a) GDPR). The provision of your data is not mandatory. However, the provision of your email address is required for a newsletter dispatch. The provision of your name, title and place of residence are voluntary and serve the purpose that we can address you personally and inform you about events in the vicinity of your place of residence. Your data, which you have provided in the context of ordering the newsletter, will be deleted as soon as you have unsubscribed from the newsletter. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time, e.g. by clicking on the corresponding unsubscribe link at the end of a newsletter (to withdraw your consent, see 5.5). Unsubscribing from the newsletter also means that you will no longer receive promotional emails according to 4.2.
Sendinblue GmbH is used as our newsletter software. In this process, your data is transmitted to Sendinblue GmbH. Sendinblue GmbH is prohibited from selling your data and using it for purposes other than sending newsletters. We also use the services of Emarsys Interactive Services GmbH in Berlin. Our newsletter is implemented on the basis of Art. 28 GDPR.
4.6 Trackin, analysis and advertising on PONS LS websites and in PONS LS apps
4.6.1 Creation log files
(1) the IP address and, if applicable, MAC address of your computer or mobile device,
(2) the date and time of your punctual access,
(3) the names of the files you accessed and the amount of data transferred,
(4) the type of operating system and web browser used, including language settings; and
(5) the website from which you reach one of our PONS LS websites (referrer URL),
(6) the web pages that are accessed by the user's system via our PONS LS web pages.
The storage of a large amount of this data is necessary for technical reasons to display the website on your device and to ensure system security. This data is also analyzed anonymously for statistical purposes and to improve our websites, services and apps. We do not link this data with your other personal data.
In part the data is made available to external contract processors for the respective purposes which process the data on our behalf in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR.
4.6.2 Use of cookies
a) General
In order to make visiting our websites more attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, we use so-called cookies on various pages. These are small text files that are stored on your terminal device. Some of the cookies we use are deleted after the end of the browser session, i.e. after you close your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and enable us or our partner companies to recognize your browser on your next visit (so-called persistent cookies).
Cookies cannot be used to access other files on your computer or to determine your email address.
b) Use of cookies
Like most websites you visit, our websites use cookies to improve the user experience on both one-time and repeat visits to the websites. This allows you, for example, to switch between pages quickly and easily, save your configurations, and use third-party tools (such as YouTube videos) on the websites.
Cookies are set either by our websites (first party cookies) or by other websites whose content appears on our websites (third party cookies). These third-party providers may set cookies when you are logged into their sites and visit our websites. We have no control over the cookie settings of these websites. Please visit the websites of the third-party providers for more information about their use of cookies.
c) Legitimation of the storage of cookies
The storage of the following cookies is based on our respective legitimate interests (Art. 6 section 1 f) GDPR):
Absolutely necessary cookies
These cookies are necessary for a website to function and cannot be disabled in your systems. Usually, these cookies are set only in response to actions you take that correspond to a service request, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling out forms. You can set your browser to block these cookies or to notify you about these cookies. However, some areas of the website will not work then. These cookies do not store any personal data.
Statistical cookies
These cookies collect information about usage patterns of a website, such as which pages a visitor visits most often and whether error messages are received from a page. We collect this information out of our legitimate interest in being able to maintain optimally usable and marketable websites at all times. These cookies do not store any information that allows identification of the user. The information collected is aggregated and thus evaluated anonymously. These cookies are used to record usage in order to improve the performance of websites and thus the user experience.
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our websites. They help us answer questions about which pages are most popular, which are the least used and how visitors move around the sites. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and is therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to know when you visited our websites.
Functional cookies
With these cookies the websites are able to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third parties whose services we use on our websites. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly.
The storage of the further cookies listed below is based on the user’s consent (Art. 6 Sect. 1 a) GDPR). Some of the relevant data are processed by the respective listed partners in the USA where – as a so-called third country - an adequate level of data protection cannot be assumed. By agreeing to the use of cookies for marketing purposes you consent to the processing of your data in the USA (Art. 49 Sect. 1 lit. a GDPR) However, these cookies are only set if the user consents to the storage by means of consent in the context of the cookie notice on the websites.
Cookies for marketing purposes
These cookies may be set by our advertising partners via our PONS LS websites. They can be used by these companies to create a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on other websites. They do not store any direct personal information, but are based on the unique identification of your browser and Internet access device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will receive less targeted advertising.
Store and/or retrieve information on a device
Cookies, device identifiers or other information may be stored or accessed on your device for the processing purposes shown to you.
Personalized ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development.
Selection of simple ads: Ads can be displayed based on the content you are viewing, the application you are using and your approximate location or device type.
Create a personalized ad profile: A profile about you and your interests can be created in order to show you personalized ads that are relevant to you.
Select personalized ads: Personalized ads can be shown to you based on your personal profile.
Use accurate location data: Your exact location data may be used for one or more processing purposes. This means that your location can be precisely determined to within a few meters.
Actively query device properties for identification: Your device can be identified by a query of its specific characteristics.
Ensure security, prevent fraud, and troubleshoot: Your data may be used to identify and prevent fraudulent activities and to ensure that systems and processes are functioning properly and securely.
Technical provision of ads or content: Your device may receive and send information necessary for you to view and use content and ads.
Select personalized content - Merge with offline data sources: Data from offline data sources may be merged with data from your online activities in order to use them for one or more processing purposes or specific processing purposes. Data from your online activities may be merged with offline data in order to use them for one or more processing purposes or specific processing purposes.
Connect different devices: To use for one or more processing purposes, it is possible to determine whether different devices belong to you or your household.
Receive and use automatically sent device properties for identification: Your device can be distinguished from other devices based on information it sends automatically, such as IP address or browser type.
These processing operations are carried out in accordance with the specifications and guidelines of the European industry standard “IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework”. For further information on the providers and/or advertising partners, purposes and processing operations (such as e. g. storage period) for which we use cookies and similar technologies or on your privacy settings, please refer to our Consent Management Platform ((referred to below as CMP), which can be accessed, for example, for the website www.pons.com via
https://en.pons.com/#privacysettings
.
d) Disabling and deleting cookies
Most browsers are set to accept cookies automatically. If the default settings for cookies are stored in your browser, all processes run in the background unnoticed by you. However, these settings can be changed by you.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and decide individually about their acceptance or exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general.
A general objection to the use of cookies for marketing purposes can be declared for a large number of the services via the website
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
or the EU-website
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
.Furthermore, the storage of cookies can be achieved by deactivating them in the browser settings. Please note that in this case not all functions of this online offer can be used.
You can also set and change your settings for the use of cookies on our websites at any time in our CMP.
4.6.3 Cookie Consent with OneTrust (CMP)
Our websites use the cookie consent technology of OneTrust within a Consent Management Platform (CMP) to obtain your consent to the storage of certain cookies on your end device and to document this in a data protection compliant manner.
The provider of this technology is OneTrust LLC (UK headquarters: Cannon Green, 27 Bush Lane, London EC4R 0AA, UK). We use OneTrust to store cookie settings for the entire website. OneTrust stores information about the categories of cookies used by the websites and whether users have given or revoked their consent to the use of each category. This allows us to prevent cookies from being set in each category in the user’s browser unless consent is given. OneTrust uses cookies for information storage which have a normal lifetime of 30 days so that the preferences of returning visitors are stored.
4.6.4 Analysis of data with Google Analytics
We use "Google Analytics" on our websites and "Google Analytics for Firebase" in our apps. These are analytics services provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland (Google).
Google uses cookies (see 4.6.3). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our websites is usually transmitted to Google in the USA, and processed there. The same applies to your anonymized IP address. In addition, Google Analytics analyses the data contained in the log files, the Internet address of the website that you had accessed before visiting our websites (referrer URL) and the search term with which you found our websites via a search engine.
Google Analytics for Firebase enables the analysis of anonymized, aggregated, non-personal usage data of the PONS LS apps, such as calls, usage time or purchases in the app.
Google will process this data on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our websites and apps and to compile reports on the activities on our websites and in our apps. Google uses the data contained in the log files, for example, to create statistics about the frequency of access to our websites and our apps. In this process pseudonymised user profiles of visitors can be created on the basis of the processed data.
We only apply Google Analytics with activated IP anonymisation. This means that within the member states of the European Union or in the European Economic Area your IP address is truncated by Google. Only in exceptional cases the full IP address will be transmitted to Google in the USA and then truncated there.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser as described above. You can also prevent the processing of data generated by the cookie by downloading and installing the plugin available at the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
.
With effect for our website an opt-out cookie is set in the browser which you are currently using. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you will need to click on this link again. If you use several devices or browsers, you must click on this link for each individual device in each individual browser.
In the PONS LS apps, you can deactivate the analysis of your anonymized usage data in the "PONS Vocabulary Trainer" app under “settings/use of your data” or in the "PONS Translator" app under “privacy settings”,
The data is processed on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Section 1 a) GDPR). For further information about Google Analytics please see the following Google website:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
.
4.6.5 Analysis with Hotjar
We use "Hotjar", a web analytics service provided by Hotjar Ltd, Level 2, St Julian's Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julian's STJ 1000, Malta (referred to below as "Hotjar") on our websites.
Among other things, Hotjar uses cookies to enable an analysis of your use of our websites and to give you the opportunity to provide us with direct feedback on certain functionalities. The cookies used by Hotjar are stored on your terminal device for different lengths of time, in some cases only during your visit, in others for 365 days. The information collected in this way is transmitted to Hotjar on a server in Ireland and stored there. The following information is collected by the tracking code: device-specific data collected by your end device and web browser:
IP address of your terminal device (collected and stored in an anonymised format)
email address including your first and last name, if you have provided it to us through our website
screen size of your terminal device
device type and browser information
geographical data (country only)
language used to display our website
user interactions
mouse commands (movement, position and clicks)
keystrokes
Log data that is automatically used by our server when using Hotjar:
referring domain
visited websites
geographical data (country only)
language used to display our website
date and time of access
Hotjar uses this information to evaluate your use of our websites, to create reports on the use of our websites and to provide other services in connection with the evaluation of our websites. Hotjar also uses the services of third parties (e.g. Google Analytics and Optimizely). These third parties may store or otherwise process information that your browser transmits during your visit to our websites (possibly including the IP address).
We use Hotjar for the purpose of analyzing the use of our websites and to be able to continuously improve individual functions and offers as well as the user experience. Through the statistical evaluation of user behaviour we can improve our offerand make them more interesting for you as a user. The legal basis your consent to the processing of data (Art. 6 Section 1 a) GDPR.
For further information please see the Hotjar privacy policy
here
.
You can prevent the saving of your user profile and information about your visit to our website by Hotjar, together with the setting of Hotjar tracking cookies on other websites, by clicking on this
Opt-Out-Link.
4.6.6. Analysis with INFOnline
Our websites use the measurement procedure ("SZMnG") of INFOnline GmbH (https://www.INFOnline.de) to determine statistical parameters about the use of our offers. The aim of usage measurement is to statistically determine the number of visits to our websites, the number of website visitors and their surfing behavior - on the basis of a uniform standard procedure - and thus to obtain values that are comparable across the market.
For all digital services that are members of “Informationsgemeinschaft zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e.V.” (IVW - http://www.ivw.eu), usage statistics are regularly provided by IVW with the performance values "Page Impression" and "Visits". These reach and statistics can be viewed on the respective websites.
a) Legal basis for processing
Measurement by means of the SZMnG measurement method by INFOnline GmbH is carried out within the scope of usage measurement and participation in IVW e.V. with a legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR.
The purpose of the processing of personal data is the creation of statistics. The statistics are used to be able to track and document the use of our offers. Usage measurement, which ensures comparability with other market participants, is essential for marketing the PONS LS websites. Our legitimate interest results from the economic usability of the findings from the statistics and the market value of our websites - also in direct comparison with websites of third parties - which can be determined on the basis of the statistics.
In addition, we have a legitimate interest in making the pseudonymized data available to INFOnline and IVW for statistical purposes (INFOnline, IVW). Furthermore, we have a legitimate interest in making the pseudonymized data available to INFOnline for the further development and provision of interest-based advertising media.
b) Type of data
INFOnline GmbH collects the following data, which is personal data according to the EU-GDPR:
• IP address: In the Internet every device needs a unique address, the so-called IP address. The storage of the IP address at least for a short period of time, is technically necessary due to the way the Internet works. The IP addresses are shortened by 1 byte before any processing and are only processed anonymously. The unabridged IP addresses are not stored or further processed.
• A randomly generated client identifier: The range processing uses alternatively either a third party cookie, a first-party cookie, a "local storage object" or a signature that is composed of various automatically transmitted information from your browser for the recognition of computer systems. This identifier is unique for a browser as long as the cookie or local storage object is not deleted. A measurement of the data and subsequent assignment to the respective client identifier is therefore also possible if you call up other websites that also use the measurement procedure ("SZMnG") of INFOnline GmbH.
The validity of the cookie is limited to a maximum of 1 year.
c) Use of the data
The INFOnline GmbH measurement procedure that is used on our websites collects usage data. This is done in order to collect the performance values page impressions, visits and clients. In addition, the measured data is used as follows:
• A so-called geolocation, i.e. the assignment of a website visit to the location of the visit is carried out exclusively on the basis of the anonymised IP address and only up to the geographical level of the federal states/regions. From the geographical information obtained in this way no conclusions about the user's actual location can be drawn.
• The usage data of a technical client (e.g. of a browser on a device) is aggregated across all web pages and stored in a database.
d) Data storage period
• The full IP address is not stored by INFOnline GmbH. The shortened IP address is stored for a maximum of 60 days. The usage data in connection with the unique identifier will be stored for a maximum of 6 months.
e) Passing on the data
The IP address as well as the shortened IP address are not passed on.
f) Right to object to analysis by INFOnline
• If you do not wish to participate in the measurement, you can object at the following link: https://optout.ioam.de
• To guarantee exclusion from measurement, it is technically necessary to set a cookie. If you delete the cookies in your browser, it is necessary to repeat the opt-out process using the link above.
In addition, all rights of data subjects within the meaning of the GDPR are regulated in Section 5 of this document.
The data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority.
Further information on data protection in the measurement process can be found on the INFOnline GmbH website (
https://www.infonline.de
) and the IVW data protection website (
http://www.ivw.eu
).
4.6.7 Analysis with Matomo
We use the analysis service Matomo on our websites, an open source project represented within the EU by ePrivacy Holding GmbH, Große Bleichen 21 in 20354 Hamburg.
Matomo uses cookies (see above 4.6.3). The protection of your data is important to us, which is why we have additionally configured Matomo so that your IP address is only recorded in abbreviated form. We therefore process your personal usage data anonymously. It is not possible for us to draw conclusions about your person. For more information on the terms of use of Matomo and the data protection regulations, please visit: https://matomo.org/privacy/. Information on the individual cookies can be found at
https://matomo.org/faq/general/faq_146/
.
4.6.8 Analysis with amplitude
We use the analytics tool Amplitude on our websites and in our apps. Amplitude is a cloud-based product analytics platform operated by Amplitude Inc, 201 3rd Street, Suite 200San Francisco CA 94103, United States.
As part of commissioned data processing, anonymized event-based data on usage-specific behavior in PONS LS services such as the PONS translation service and in PONS LS apps is stored via the Amplitude platform. Amplitude retains the data processed on behalf of PONS LS only for as long as PONS LS uses the Amplitude Platform or as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and fulfill an agreement.
It is not possible for us to draw any conclusions about your person.
4.6.9 Analysis with Meta Custom Audience technology
We use the "Facebook Custom Audience Technology" of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland ("Meta") on our websites. This is a tool provided by Meta that enables us to analyze the behavior of users and collect data on this through the use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies. This makes it possible to make our advertising activities on Meta more relevant to users and, for example, to display certain posts only to those who have previously visited our websites. We do not share any personally identifiable data with Meta. The data collected using this technology is transmitted to Meta exclusively in encrypted form. Personal data of individual users is not visible to us. The processing of the data is based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR. We have no influence on the further processing of your data, as Meta alone decides what data is processed and for what purpose. Meta informs you here. If you visit other pages of Meta, we are not responsible. General information on data protection at Meta can be found here.
You can prevent the collection of information by selecting the appropriate setting in your browser's privacy options or by disabling cookies. For more information about Meta's privacy policy, please visit
https://about.meta.com/de/actions/protecting-privacy-and-security/
or contact the data controller Meta Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland using the web form linked at
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/center
.
4.6.10 Advertising via Google DoubleClick
We use DoubleClick, an online marketing tool from Google, on our websites.
DoubleClick uses cookies to serve ads that are relevant to users, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent individual users from seeing the same ads more than once. Google uses a cookie ID to record which ads are displayed in which browser and can thus prevent them from being displayed more than once. In addition, DoubleClick can use cookie IDs to record so-called conversions that are related to ad requests. This is the case, for example, when individual users see a DoubleClick ad and later call up the advertiser's website with the same browser and make a purchase there. The data is processed on the basis of your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR.
If you do not want Doubleclick to continue collecting anonymized data, please click on the following opt-out link https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated?hl=en. This opt-out cookie deletes the previously stored information and prevents further collection of information.
For more information on Google's privacy policy, please visit
https://privacy.google.com/intl/en/#
and
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/?hl=en
.
4.6.11 Advertisements via Google Adwords
We use Google Adwords, an online marketing tool from Google, to display advertisements (e.g. product recommendations) on our websites and on third-party websites to previous visitors to our websites.
The ads are displayed based on information stored by Google in cookies on your access device. Cookies contain information about the visit of a website and which specific subpages were visited. The assignment in the case of a repeated visit, e.g. the interest in a certain product, is anonymized via a so-called pseudonym, without the assignment or use of personal data.
We or Google will not merge this information with your personal data and will not pass it on to third parties. The processing of the data is based on your consent pursuant to Art. 6 section 1 a) GDPR.
You can prevent the storage and use of information in a cookie set by Google by clicking on the following link
https://myadcenter.google.com/?hl=en
and making your settings there.
For more information on Google's privacy policy, please visit
https://safety.google/
and
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/?hl=en
.
4.6.12 Receiving push notifications in apps
You can sign up to receive so-called push messages in some of our apps. For this purpose, we use the push service "Firebase Cloud Messaging" (FCM) from "Google" (Google LLC, Google Ireland Limited, Google Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd) and, under iOS, additionally the service "Apple Push Notification Services" from Apple Inc.
To sign up for the push notifications, you must confirm the request of your mobile device to receive the push notifications. This process is documented and stored by FCM. For this purpose, the time of registration and a device ID are stored. This data is used on the one hand to be able to send you the push messages and on the other hand as proof of your registration.
We evaluate push messages statistically and can thus recognize whether and when push messages were displayed and clicked on. This allows us to determine which push messages are of particular interest and help us to tailor future messages to the presumed interests of all.
The legal basis for these processing operations is your consent and thus Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR.
You can give your consent to the storage and use of your personal data to receive our push messages at any time in the privacy settings in the app as well as in the app settings of your mobile device.
a) Disable push messages on iOS:
• Open the "Settings" app.
• Scroll down the list of apps until you see the name of the app for which you want to disable push messages.
• Tap the name of the app and then tap "Notifications".
• Here you can disable individual notification variants or push messages completely.
b) Disable push messages on Android:
• Open the notification center at the top of the screen.
• Tap and hold your finger on a notification of the app for which you want to deactivate push messages until a menu opens.
• Tap on "App Info."
• Now uncheck "Receive notifications".
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. Accordingly, your data will be stored at least as long as the subscription for push messages is active.
For more information on data protection, please refer to Firebase's privacy policy at https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy.
4.6.13. Information about Firstlead GmbH / ADCELL Partner Program
This website uses tracking cookies of Firstlead GmbH with the brand ADCELL (www.adcell.de). As soon as the visitor clicks on an advertisement with the partner link, a cookie is set. Firstlead GmbH / ADCELL uses cookies to track the origin of orders. In addition, Firstlead GmbH / ADCELL uses so-called tracking pixels. These allow information such as visitor traffic on the pages to be evaluated. The information generated by cookies and tracking pixels about the use of this website (including the IP address) and delivery of advertising formats are transmitted to a server of Firstlead GmbH / ADCELL and stored there. Among other things, Firstlead GmbH / ADCELL can recognize that the partner link on this website has been clicked. Firstlead GmbH / ADCELL may pass this (anonymized) information on to contractual partners under certain circumstances, but data such as the IP address will not be mixed with other stored data.
4.6.14 Analysis with Unity Analytics
We use the analytics tool Unity Analytics in our app “Scan2Learn”. Unity Analytics is a cloud-based product analytics platform operated by Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States.
As part of commissioned data processing, anonymized event-based data on usage-specific behavior is stored via Unity Analytics in PONS LS services such as Scan2Learn App. Unity Analytics retains the data processed on behalf of PONS LS only for as long as PONS LS uses the Unity Analytics platform or as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and fulfill an agreement.
It is not possible for us to draw any conclusions about your person.
4.7 Other third party services used
4.7.1 Youtube videos
We embed videos from "Youtube", a social media platform from Google, on our websites.
When you call up a website in which a video from YouTube is embedded, data is transmitted to a Google server and stored there. If you have a user account with Google and are registered, Google can thereby assign the visit to your user account. Google stores this data as usage profiles and uses it for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its websites. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (also for users who are not logged in) for the display of needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our PONS LS websites. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles. Please contact Google directly for this purpose.
We integrate videos from Youtube on our websites in order to make this content available to you directly, without detour via the Youtube platform. Our legitimate interest in the processing of the above data by the third-party provider is based on improving the user experience and enriching the content of our offer on the PONS LS websites, pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR.
If you want to prevent data transfer, you cannot use the functions of Youtube. Regardless of this, we recommend that you regularly log out of your user account there after using a social network, but especially before activating embedded content, as this allows you to avoid an assignment to your profile with the respective provider.
Further information on data protection and data use by Google can be found on the following Google website: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
4.7.2 Cloudflare
We use a so-called Content Delivery Network ("CDN") of the technology service provider Cloudflare Inc., 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (referred to below as Cloudflare) on our websites.
A content delivery network is an online service that is used to deliver large media files in particular (such as graphics, page content or scripts) through a network of regionally distributed servers connected via the Internet. The use of Cloudflare's Content Delivery Network helps us optimize the loading speed of our websites.
The processing is carried out pursuant to Art. 6 section 1 lit. f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in a secure and efficient provision and improvement of the stability and functionality of our websites.
For more information, please see Cloudflare's privacy policy at:
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/
4.7.3 Logging in with your Facebook access
If you are a member of Meta Platforms Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Meta"), you can log in to our websites by clicking the button "Log in with your Facebook account". To log in, you will be redirected to Facebook, where you can log in with your Facebook usage data. When you log in in this way, we receive the following data from your Facebook profile from Meta user name, last name, first name. We use this data exclusively for the purpose of registration or login as a customer. For the purpose of the processing of the data by Meta and your rights in this regard, please refer to the privacy notices of Meta:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
. We have no influence on the processing by Meta. If you do not agree with such data transfer between Meta and us, we ask you not to log in to us with your Facebook access. Conversely, data may also be transferred from our website to Meta. The legal basis for the transfer of or to Meta is your consent (Art. 6 section 1 a GDPR). A provision of this data is voluntary. A registration with Facebook is not required for a conclusion of a contract with us. The data we have received from Meta will be deleted immediately after registration.
4.7.4 Survey Monkey
We use the services of SurveyMonkey Europe UC, 2 Shelbourne Buildings, Shelbourne Road, Dublin, Ireland to conduct surveys on our websites. When you voluntarily participate in this survey, SurveyMonkey collects information about the device and application you use to take the survey. This includes your IP address, operating system version, device type, and system and performance information and browser type. If you participate in the survey through a mobile device, SurveyMonkey also collects the device's UUID. SurveyMonkey also uses so-called third-party tracking services, which in turn use cookies and page tags (also known as web beacons) to collect usage data and user statistics. We have no control over the amount of data SurveyMonkey collects. For more information on the cookies used by SurveyMonkey, data protection, and storage duration, please see the following link
https://www.surveymonkey.de/mp/legal/privacy/
.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser. We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our websites to their full extent.
We use SurveyMonkey to provide you with surveys. This purpose is also our legitimate interest in processing the above mentioned data, which is based on Art. 6 section 1 lit. f) GDPR.
SurveyMonkey Europe UC is a subsidiary of SurveyMonkey Inc. based in the USA. It is not excluded that your data collected by SurveyMonkey will also be transferred to the USA. SurveyMonkey is therefore committed to complying with the standards and regulations of European data protection law.
4.7.5 X
PONS Langenscheidt GmbH uses the technical platform and services of X Corp. 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 (hereinafter referred to as "X") for the short message service offered here.
We would like to point out that you use the X short message service offered here and its functions on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of the interactive functions (e.g. sharing, rating). Alternatively, you can also access the information offered via this service on our websites at www.pons.com and www.langenscheidt.com.
The data collected about you when using the service is processed by X and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. This includes, among other things, your IP address, the application you use, information about the terminal device you use (including device ID and application ID), information about websites accessed, your location and your mobile phone provider.
This data is assigned to the data of your X account or your X profile. We have no influence on the type and scope of the data processed by X, the way it is processed and used, or the transfer of this data to third parties. You can find information about which data is processed by X and for what purposes in X's privacy policy (
https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=de
) and about the possibility of viewing your own data on X (
https://help.twitter.com/de/managing-your-account/accessing-your-twitter-data
).
Furthermore, you have the option of requesting information via the X data protection form or the archive requirements:
https://support.twitter.com/forms/privacy
https://help.twitter.com/de/managing-your-account/how-to-download-your-twitter-archive
You have options to restrict the processing of your data in the general settings of your X account and under the item "Privacy and security". In addition, for mobile devices (smartphones, tablet computers), you can restrict X's access to contact and calendar data, photos, location data, etc. in the settings options there. However, this depends on the operating system used. More information on these points is available on the following X support pages:
https://support.twitter.com/articles/105576#
Via X buttons or widgets embedded in websites and the use of cookies, it is possible for X to record your visits to these websites and assign them to your X profile. Based on this data, content or advertising can be offered tailored to you. Information on this and on the available setting options can be found on the following X support pages:
https://help.twitter.com/de/using-twitter/tailored-suggestions
https://help.twitter.com/de/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
If you have any questions about our information offering, you can contact us at
kundenservice@pons.de
.
4.7.6 Information on data protection on our LinkedIn online presence
We, PONS Langenscheidt GmbH, maintain an online presence at www.linkedIn.de.
For this purpose, we use the services of the technical platform of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland (hereinafter: LinkedIn).
The use of this service is not required to contact us or to receive our information. Information that we publish via this service can also be accessed in the same or similar form at www.pons.com and www.langenscheidt.com.
Our data protection officer can be reached at:
Michael Mayer, datenschutz@pons.de
We therefore draw your attention to the fact that you use the service offered here and its functionalities on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of interactive functions, such as sharing.
As a matter of principle, LinkedIn is solely responsible for the processing of personal data when you visit our LinkedIn page. For more information about the processing of personal data by LinkedIn, please visit
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?trk=homepage-basic_footer-privacy-policy
.
When you visit, follow or engage with our LinkedIn company page, LinkedIn processes personal data to provide us with anonymized statistics and insights. This provides us with insights into the types of actions that people take on our site (so-called page insights). For this purpose, LinkedIn processes in particular such data that you have already provided to LinkedIn via the information in your profile, such as data on function, country, industry, seniority, company size and employment status. In addition, LinkedIn will process information about how you interact with our LinkedIn company page, such as whether you are a follower of our LinkedIn company page. With the page insights, LinkedIn does not provide us with any personal data about you. We only have access to the aggregated Page Insights. It is also not possible for us to draw conclusions about individual members via the information in the Page Insights. This processing of personal data in the context of the Page Insights is carried out by LinkedIn and us as joint controllers. The evaluation of the types of actions taken on our LinkedIn company page serves to improve our company page on the basis of these insights within the framework of public relations work. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 (1) (f) DSGVO. We have entered into a joint controller agreement with LinkedIn, which sets out the distribution of data protection obligations between us and LinkedIn. The agreement is available at https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
Thereafter, the following applies: LinkedIn and we have agreed that LinkedIn is responsible for enabling you to exercise your rights under the GDPR. You can contact LinkedIn to do so online via the following link (
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/ask/PPQ?lang=de
) or reach LinkedIn via the contact details in the Privacy Policy.
You can contact the Data Protection Officer at LinkedIn Ireland via the following link:
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/ask/PPQ?lang=de
.
You may also contact us at our provided contact details about exercising your rights in connection with the processing of personal data in the context of Page Insights. In such a case, we will forward your request to LinkedIn.
LinkedIn and we have agreed that the Irish Data Protection Commission is the lead supervisory authority overseeing processing for Page Insights. You always have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (see at www.dataprotection.ie) or any other supervisory authority.
Please note that according to the LinkedIn Privacy Policy, personal data is also processed by LinkedIn in the USA or other third countries. According to its own information, LinkedIn only transfers personal data to countries for which an adequacy decision has been issued by the European Commission in accordance with Article 45 of the GDPR or on the basis of appropriate guarantees in accordance with Article 46 of the GDPR.
Further data protection information, in particular regarding your data subject rights, is available at www.pons.de/datenschutz.
4.7.7 Meta platforms (Meta platforms)
We maintain publicly accessible profiles on Meta social networks. Your visit to these profiles initiates a variety of data processing operations. In the following, we provide you with an overview of which of your personal data is collected, used and stored by us when you visit our profiles on Meta platforms. Personal data is information that can be assigned to you as a specific person (e.g. name, age, address, photos, e-mail addresses, and possibly also IP addresses). Furthermore, we inform you about your rights with regard to the processing of your personal data. You are not obliged to provide us with your personal data. However, this may be necessary for individual functionalities of our profiles in social networks. These functionalities will not be available to you or only to a limited extent if you do not provide us with your personal data.
When you visit our profiles, your personal data is collected, used and stored not only by us, but also by the operators Meta platforms. This happens even if you yourself do not have a profile in the respective social network. The individual data processing operations and their scope differ depending on the operator of the respective social network and they are not necessarily traceable for us. For details about the collection and storage of your personal data as well as the type, scope and purpose of their use by the operator of the respective social network, please refer to the operator's privacy policy:
- The privacy policy for the social network Facebook, which is operated by Meta platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland, can be viewed at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update?ref=old_policy
;
- the privacy policy for the social network Instagram, which is operated by Meta platforms Ireland Limited, can be viewed at
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
;
As the operator of a Facebook or Instagram fan page, we can only view the information stored in your public Facebook profile, and only if you have such a profile and are logged into it while accessing our fan page. In addition, Facebook provides us with anonymous usage statistics that we use to improve the user experience when visiting our Fanpage. We do not have access to the usage data that Meta platforms collects to compile these statistics. Meta platforms has made a commitment to us to assume primary responsibility under the GDPR for the processing of this data, to comply with all obligations under the GDPR with respect to this data, and to provide data subjects with the substance of this commitment. These data processing operations serve our (and your) legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our Fanpage in line with the target group. The legal basis for the data processing is thus Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DS-GVO. In addition, Meta platforms uses so-called cookies, which are placed on your end device when you visit our Fanpage, even if you do not have your own Facebook profile or are not logged into it during your visit to our Fanpage. These cookies allow Meta platforms to create user profiles based on your preferences and interests and to show you advertising (inside and outside of Facebook) that is tailored to them. Cookies remain on your terminal device until you delete them. Details on this can be found in Facebook's privacy policy.
If you use our profiles in the Meta social networks to contact us (for example, by creating your own posts, responding to one of our posts or by sending us private messages), the data you provide us with will be processed by us solely for the purpose of being able to contact you. The legal basis for the collection of data is thus Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) and b) DS-GVO. We delete stored data as soon as their storage is no longer necessary or you request us to delete them; in the case of statutory retention obligations, we limit the processing of the stored data accordingly.
5. Rights of data subjects
If your data is processed by us, you are a data subject within the meaning of the GDPR and you have the following rights against the controller. You can assert all of these rights via an email to support@pons.de or to the addresses mentioned in Sections 2 and 3.
5.1 The right to information and data transferability
In accordance with Art. 15 GDPR you have the right to require us to provide you with information:
about whether we have saved your data and, if so, what data and for what purpose,
about the source of the data
and to what recipients or categories of recipients your data may  be passed on.
In accordance with Art. 21 GDPR you have the right to receive the data you have transmitted to us on the basis of your consent or a contract, provided that the processing of the data was automated. If you wish and if it is technically possible, we will also transmit this data to a third party at your request.
5.2 The right to correction
If the data relating to you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to demand that your data should be corrected and if relevant completed by the data controller (Art. 16 GDPR).
5.3 The right to the deletion or blocking of data
You have the right that we delete your data under the conditions of Art. 17 GDPR or block it according to Art. 18 GDPR. If you delete your customer account with PONS LS, we will delete your data insofar as storage is not necessary for the fulfillment of contracts that have not yet been completed, for the assertion of legal claims or for the fulfillment of legal obligations.
5.4 The right of objection
To the extent that we process data exclusively for the purpose of safeguarding our interests on the basis of Art. 6 Section 1 f GDPR you have the right to object to the processing of your data for reasons arising from your individual situation. If you make such an objection, we will no longer process the relevant data, unless we can prove that such processing is essential for the protection of those of our interests which take precedence over your interests, rights and freedoms, or if the processing is for the purpose of asserting legal claims.
In addition, you can at any time object to the processing of your data for advertising purposes without incurring any other charges than the transmission cost at basic rates. You can at any time and free of charge object to being sent advertising emails, for example by clicking on the relevant unsubscribe link at the foot of an advertising email. Such an objection will also mean that you will no longer receive newsletters in accordance with Section 4.5.
5.5 The right to withdraw consent
If you have given your consent to the processing/use of your data, you can withdraw this consent at any time by sending an email to
support@pons.de
. Such withdrawal will not affect the legality of the processing of your data prior to the withdrawal of your consent. We will then delete your data, unless we have the statutory right or obligation to retain and process it.
5.6 The right to complain to a subervisory authority
You have the right to register a complaint with the regulatory authorities, in particular with the State Office for Data Protection and Freedom of Information Baden-Württemberg, Lautenschlagerstraße 20, 70173 Stuttgart
6. Links
Insofar as we refer to external websites not operated by us by means of links on our websites, we are not responsible for compliance with data protection provisions there.
7. Data transfer to third countries
As part of our data processing operations described above, we may transfer your personal data to other countries (including countries outside the EEA) where data protection standards may differ from those of your place of residence. Please note that data processed in third countries may be subject to local laws and may be accessible to foreign governments, courts, law enforcement and supervisory authorities.
However, when transferring your personal data to such countries, we will take reasonable steps to maintain an adequate level of data protection.
In the case of a transfer to a state outside the EEA, this transfer is either authorised by your consent in accordance with Art. 49 Section 1a GDPR or it is protected by concluding the EU Standard Contractual Clauses in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR. For specific information on the individual protection measures, you can also contact our data protection officer by e-mail at
privacy@pons.de
.
8. Security
Personal data which is exchanged between you and PONS LS via our websites is in principle transmitted in encrypted form. In addition, we take technical and organizational security precautions to protect the data which you have entrusted to us against manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorised persons. Please note, however, that in the case of email communications we are unable to guarantee full data security, which means that it is advisable to send confidential information by mail.
Notice: This Privacy Policy document is a translation from the “Datenschutzerklärung” document to be found here . In case of doubt, the version in German language prevails.
Valid from: 01.02.2023