Clogica Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Clogica. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, this privacy statement applies to Clogica products,
Personal Information
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our mobile apps.
If any app contains a special form for example to submit feedback, we may use personal information submitted by you only via these forms for the following purposes: help us develop by giving feedback, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you are participated in.
In the following circumstances and these information will not be disclosed or shared.
Non- Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Information we get from your use of our services
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information). Clogica will not share that information with third parties.
Location information
We do not collect you location in our apps functionality for any reason but we have advertising partners that may collect or share your approximate location according to their Privace Policy listed in Advertising section.
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Clogica when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our products may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
You may refer to our advertising partners form the following links and see their privacy policy :
AdMob by Google
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads our products.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL –
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense or Google Admob.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Clogica.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Clogica will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do so, we will also revise the “last modified” date of the privacy statement.
Last modified 31/3/2022