Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated：May 16, 2022
Our product ("N Dev Team product", "we" "us" or "our") collects some information from you in order to provide better service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.
What information we use and how we use it:
We may collect and use non-personal information to have a better understanding in user's behaviour, to solve problems in products and services, to improve our products, services and advertising, the information such as the data of install, click of app, installed app list, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel, etc, we make these data NOT direct association with any specific individual
Third party service and SDK we used:
We use analytics service providers Umeng Analytics to better understand how people use our services so that we can improve the design and usability of our products, we do not engage in "tracking" users outside of our services. These providers collect IMEI/MAC/Android ID/IDFA/OpenUDID/GUID/IMSI, Installed Application information to provide statistics service, it use location to adjust data report, provides basic anti-cheating capabilities, its privacy policy can be find in https://www.umeng.com/page/policy
To show you relevant advertising, we work with advertising networks such as Google Admob and Facebook Audience Network. These providers may collect information on our behalf using cookies, advertising identifiers and similar technologies. This information may be used, in the future, to show you content that is more likely to be relevant, or that you're likely to engage with. You may find their related privacy policy in their official website, Google Admob privacy policy https://policies.google.com/privacy, Facebook Audience Network privacy policy https://www.facebook.com/policies_center/
Following are the explaination for the used permissions:
Read the contents of your USB storage
This permission allows users to view our product wallpaper and store them on your phone.
Set an alarm
This permission allows users to access the device's alarm through our product clock widget.
Read Google service configuration
This information is used to acquire advertising ID, our product provides users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID.
Full network access
This permission is used to access the device's network for certain functions including receiving update notifications, retrieving AD.
Retrieve running apps
This permission is used in our Booster feature in order to view the running apps.
Run as startup
Our product may run as startup to provide users with a launcher service.
Install shortcuts
This permission is used to install shortcuts on desktop when users install new apps, this is normal feature for a launcher product.
Modify system settings
This permission is used in our product settings, in order to switch or adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
Draw over other apps
This permission allows the our Sidebar feature to be displayed as a floating window on other apps.
How we protect your information
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
How we share your information
We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Our product may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here, please review it periodically.
Contact us
If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests, please:
Email us with developer email which shown in developer page of Google Play