Gumtree Australia Support Knowledgebase - Policies - Gumtree Privacy Policy
Homepage-Icon-SVGs
Homepage-Icon-SVGs
Homepage-Icon-SVGs
Homepage-Icon-SVGs
Homepage-Icon-SVGs
Important Articles :
All official Gumtree pages will contain gumtree.com.au in the URL and https:// at the beginning, Gumtree does not offer a delivery service, and Gumtree will never send communication via text or Whatsapp. More details:
Suspicious emails
Gumtree
Menu
Gumtree
Basics
Policies
Safety
Gumtree for Business
Technical Issue
Contact us
Contact us
We are available to help you 24/7, via email or live chat
Choose an article in: Policies
General Policies
Gumtree Terms of Use
Gumtree Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright and IP Policies
Dealer Central Licence Terms
Pets / Livestock
What are the Pets Policies?
Gumtree Pets Code of Practice
Gumtree does not support puppy or kitten mills
Gumtree Guide to Responsible Pet Ownership
Gumtree Pets Insertion Fee
Native wildlife trade & protected (native or exotic) species
Buying and selling livestock
Posting Policies
What are the General posting rules?
Advertiser Guidelines
What is not allowed on Gumtree?
Posting duplicate Ads
Cars & Vehicles
What are the Cars / vehicles / motorbikes / parts policies?
Please don't use keyword spamming or keyword stuffing techniques
Posting as a dealer
Services for Hire
What are the Services for Hire policies?
Real Estate
Rental/Share Accommodation Posting Policies
Rental/Real estate – Trading Tips
Jobs
What are the Jobs Policies?
Community
What are the Community Guidelines?
Tickets
Selling tickets on Gumtree
Gumtree Privacy Policy
Gumtree User Privacy Notice (Privacy Policy)
Effective as at:19 November 2021
Summary & Contents
Scope and Consent
Gumtree AU Pty Limited ('Gumtree') is the operator of gumtree.com.au ('the Site'). This Privacy Notice describes:
the personal information we collect and how we use that information
when we might disclose your personal information
how we keep and protect your personal information
The Privacy Notice applies to this Site and to any applications, services or tools (collectively 'Services') where this Privacy Notice is referenced. By using our Services and/or registering for an account, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice and our
Terms of Use
Collection
We collect, process and retain personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you use when you:register for an account with us, use our Services, give us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, join community discussions, chats or dispute resolution or when you otherwise contact us
Use and Retention
We use your personal information to:provide and improve our Services or those of our related entities [such as Autotrader and CarsGuide - Carsguide Autotrader Media Solutions Pty Ltd] ('Related Companies'), give you a personalised experience on our sites or on any sites that are operated by our Related Companies, contact you, provide customer service, provide you with personalised advertising and marketing, including marketing from our Related Companies and other third parties, and detect, prevent and investigate fraud and/or other illegal activities.
We keep personal information from active accounts as long as it is needed for our operations. We also keep personal information from closed accounts when we’re legally required to and also to stop fraud, collect outstanding fees, troubleshoot problems, help with investigations, enforce our
Terms of Use
and take other actions under applicable national laws
Choice
You choose how we use your personal information to communicate with you
Access
You can access and correct your personal information
Disclosure
We may share your personal information with Related Companies and third parties to provide you with our Services, to comply with the law, to enforce our policies, to enable our marketing and advertising activities and those of our Related Companies, or to prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraud or other illegal activities. We only share your personal information with our Related Companies to market and advertise their products and services which we believe will be of interest to you. We don’t give your personal information to other third parties for their marketing and advertising purposes unless you give us permission.
Security
We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures
Important Information
This section sets out some important information about your use of our Services
Questions or Complaints
If you have a question or a complaint about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, you can contact us via our
online contact form
under the topic of 'Legal notices or inquiries'. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (Telephone +61 1300 363 992 or email enquiries@oaic.gov.au)
Scope and Consent
This Privacy Notice describes
the personal information we collect and how we use that information
when we might disclose your personal information
how we keep and protect your personal information
It applies to this Site and to any Services where this Privacy Notice is referenced.
By using our Services and/or registering for an account, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice and our
Terms of Use
. If you do not provide the information we require, we may not be able to provide all of our Services to you.
Gumtree is responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your personal information under our privacy standards and applicable national laws. Gumtree may transfer data to Related Companies as described in this Privacy Notice who may process and keep your personal information on servers in the European Union, United States and elsewhere in the world where our data centres are located. Where we disclose your information to third parties that are located overseas, or where your information is held in our overseas servers, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is protected in accordance with law.
What is Personal Information?
'Personal information' is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, either from the information directly or from that information combined with other information that we have, or are likely to have, access to. Personal information doesn’t include de-identified, anonymous or aggregated information that can no longer be used to identify a specific person.
Public Information?
Public information is any information, including personal information, you share with a public audience, including personal information you publish on our Site. Public information is available to anyone on or off our Services and can be seen or accessed through online search engines, APIs, and offline media, such as on TV.
Changes to this Private Notice
We can change this Privacy Notice at any time by posting the updated terms to the Site. The updated terms automatically take effect 14 days after they are posted. We may announce any changes to this Privacy Notice on our Site and/or via email if we believe they are material.
Collection
We collect information you give us including:
When you register for an account
Information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses or user ID (where applicable) when you register for an account with us
When we verify you or your account
we may collect and process information (as permitted by law) to authenticate you or your account, or to verify the information that you provided to us
When you transact on or use our Services
such as when you post an ad, reply to an ad, communicate with us or other users, information you provide for the Services that you use or during a transaction or other transaction-based content. We may also collect your financial information (such as credit card or bank account numbers) if you buy a feature from us or are required to pay fees to us
When you engage with our community
such as when you submit a web form or participate in community discussions or chats
When you interact with your account
such as updating or adding information to your account, adding items to alerts lists and saving searches. Sometimes you may also give us your age, gender, interests and favourites
When you contact us
such as through a web form, chat or dispute resolution or when we otherwise communicate with each other. We may also record our calls with you (if we have your consent to do so)
When you submit your resume
such as if you choose to submit your resume to advertisers on our site for consideration
We collect information automatically including:
Information from the devices you use when interacting with us or our Services
such as device ID or unique user ID, device type, ID for advertising and unique device token
Information about your location
such as geo-location
Google Maps:
if you provide your business address when you create a listing, we may display the address on a map (Google Maps), in your respective listings. For this purpose, we transmit the address data to external service providers such as Google Ireland Limited for the use of Google Maps (please refer to
Google's Privacy Notice
). If a user does not want their location details to be shown on a map in their respective listings, they can contact Gumtree customer service at the
help desk
at
any time.
Computer and connection informations
such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history and your web log information
We collect information using cookies, web beacons and similar technologies including:
Information about the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on our Services, or within our advertising or email content. For more information about our use of these technologies and how to control them, see our notice on
Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies
Without limiting the general application of the Cookies Web Beacons and Similar Technologies Policy, a non-inclusive example of similar technologies we use and what we use them for can be found in the below table
Systems, tools and vendors that utilise or set cookies or use other identifiers
Purpose
Facebook
Criteo
Google Ads
Bing
Google Marketing Platform
Adform
Remarketing
(also known as retargeting) is the tactic of serving targeted ads to users who have already visited or taken action on our website or app. In terms of technical execution, remarketing is the process of using a javascript tag (known as a pixel) to place a cookie or similar technology in the user’s browser. The cookie or similar technology then informs a remarketing platform to serve specific display and search ads across other websites, search engine results pages or apps through an ad exchange, based on the pages or products the user has engaged with.
Facebook
Google Marketing Platform
Marketing attribution
is the process of identifying a set of user actions and marketing sources that contribute in some manner to a desired outcome and then assigning a value to each of these events. Cookies or a similar technology are used to remember the user action or marketing source so it can then be attributed as the source of said desired outcome.
Google Analytics
Nielsen Digital Content Ratings
Integral Ad Science
Confiant
Digital analytics is the measurement, collection, analysis and reporting of web and app data for the purposes of understanding and optimising web and app usage. Cookies or a similar technology anonymously measure the number of visits and visitors to the website or app and understand the user’s website or app experience and segment those that are either new to the website or app from those that are returning.
Nielsen:
Click here
to learn more about Nielsen. If you’d like to opt-out, please
click here
.
Adobe Audience Manager
Data Management Platforms
(or DMP) is a tool used to consolidate or disperse data across first, second and third-party channels. It uses cookies or a similar technology to manage the segmentation and identity definition of a user to then provide cohesive audience targeting across all of the various channels where we might be engaging with a consumer.
Google Ad Manager
Google Adsense
Magnite (formerly Rubicon Project & Telaria)
Xandr (formerly AppNexus)
Triplelift
Adyoulike
Pubmatic
Index Exchange
OpenX
Smaato
Rokt
Onsite advertising
is the display of messages from selected partners via an ad serving platform utilising cookies or a similar technology to provide both general and personalised advertisements based on a user’s behaviours across the web.
Publisher Provided ID
LiveRamp
Infosum
UID2
Network Advertising Initiative
Your Ad Choices
Identity partners & Interest Based Advertising
Publisher Provided IDs [PPID] are encrypted identifiers that we [GCA] use to provide more relevant advertising to you [the user]. These identifiers are shared with our partners like Google, however, they cannot be decrypted to reveal personal identifiable information. You can opt-out from sharing your PPID
here
. When a user opts out of PPID usage for advertising, or deletes their account with us, we immediately stop sending our partners any PPID details associated with that user and all data is subsequently deleted from our partner’s systems.
LiveRamp provides an Authenticated Traffic Solution(ATS)
for people-based advertising. ATS enhances addressability for publishers while providing visibility and control for individuals. ATS allows publishers to match user data with a LiveRamp IdentityLink in real-time, enabling people-based advertising on authenticated, cookieless inventory across the internet. Click
here
to learn more about LiveRamp. If you’d like to opt-out, please click
here
.
Our trusted advertising partners using the UID2 identifier are committed to delivering relevant advertising that also respects your choice.  Advertising enables access to your favourite content across the internet. If you’d like to opt-out, please click
here
.
The online advertising industry provides websites from which you may opt out of interest-based advertising from other companies that participate in industry self-regulatory programs. See the NAI and Adchoices consumer web choices for more detail and refer here to learn more how to opt out of identifiers provided by mobile devices.
Liberty (propriety)
Labs (propriety)
Optimizely
Experience Optimization platforms
: we use a combination of internal and
enterprise platforms to test variant user experiences and make our site and app experiences more rewarding for visitors.
Information we collect from other resources including:
Information we get from our Related Companies
which we use in order to provide you with value-added services as well as market our Services to you which may be of interest to you, for instance, where we may be able to offer you services that you appear interested in but are not available from our Related Companies. We may also use your personal information that we have collected from our Related Companies in order to manage your account, run internal analytics and develop business strategies across our associated brands
Information we get from third parties:
which we may use to supplement your account information. For example, we may collect and use demographic information that is publicly available, additional contact information, credit check information and information from credit bureaus, as allowed by applicable national laws
Information from social media sites
when you use those sites to register, share information or connect to your account. Those sites may automatically give us access to some personal information they hold about you (e.g., content you viewed, content you liked, and information about the advertisements you were shown or clicked on, etc.). If you give us access to any account with video content, we may share your video viewing with, or collect information about your video viewing from, third-party social media sites for at least two years or until you withdraw consent. You control the personal information we have access to through your privacy settings on the social media site and the permissions you give us when you grant us access. When you grant us access to information held by social media sites you agree that we may collect, use and retain it in accordance with this Privacy Notice
Information other users may provide about you
. If another user gives us information about you, they must tell you about our collection, use, disclosure and retention policies before giving us the information. They must also get your explicit consent before giving us your information
Use and Retention
We use your personal information to provide, improve and personalise our Services
Your personal information allows us to:
Provide you with access to and use of our Services as well as access to your history, internal messages and other features we may provide
Offer you site content that includes items and services that you may like
Provide you with credit offers and opportunities on behalf of our Related Companies and their financial institution partners. However, we don’t share financial information without your explicit consent
Customise, measure and improve our Services and those of our Related Companies
Provide other services requested by you as described when we collect the information, including those of our Related Companies if applicable
To provide you with location-based services (such as advertising, search results and other personalised content)
We use your personal information to contact you about your account:
We may contact you via Gumtree My Messages, email, telephone, SMS messages or postal mail:
To give you customer support about your account such as to troubleshoot problems, to resolve a dispute, to collect fees or monies owed to us, or to get your opinion through surveys
For other reasons such as to enforce our
Terms of Use
or policies and any other agreement we may have with you
We use your personal information too personalise our advertising and marketing, including to:
Personalise, measure and improve our advertising and that of our Related Companies
Contact you, either via email, telephone, SMS text messages or postal mail to offer you discounts and special promotions and to let you know about our Services and those of our Related Companies (if you have consented to this contact). Message and data rates may apply
Deliver targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers, including in relation to our Related Companies
We use your personal information for legal compliance reasons, including to:
Prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities
Enforce our Privacy Notice, our
Terms of Use
or other policies
Retention of personal informations:
If your account is active, we will keep your personal information as long as we need it for our operations. We may also keep personal information from closed accounts to comply with national laws, stop fraud, collect fees owed, assist with any investigation, enforce our
Terms of Use
and take other actions under applicable national laws. If we no longer need your personal information, we securely dispose of it.
Choice
Marketing Communications.
If you don’t want to receive marketing communications from us, you can unsubscribe via the link in the email you received. Registered users may also unsubscribe via the communication preferences options in their profiles.
Push Notifications.
Upon download of certain Services, you are provided the option to opt into receiving push notifications from Gumtree on your device and within the application. We send you push notifications from time-to-time to (a) inform you of Service-related messages, (b) communicate messages from others in the Gumtree community and (c) update you about any events or promotions that we or our Related Companies may be running. If you no longer wish to receive notifications from us, you can, where applicable, change your preferences by logging into your account or by disabling notifications in your device settings. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
Targeted Advertising.
If you want to learn more about targeted advertising (also known as behavioural advertising), and turn on or off individual companies for online behavioural advertising, you can do so on
www.youronlinechoices.com.au
.
Access
You can see, review and change your personal information by signing in to your account. Please update your personal information immediately if it changes or is inaccurate
Once you make a public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it. If you ask us to, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and as required under applicable national laws
We will honour your right to request access to, or modification or deletion of, your personal information. We may have the right to withhold that access or refuse to modify or erase your personal information under applicable national laws, but we will give you reasons if we do so. To contact us about access and to find out if any fees apply, please contact
Customer Service
or by using the contact details above.
Disclosure
We disclose your information to our Related Companies, who may use it to:
provide joint content, services and marketing (like registration, account management, transactions and customer support)
help detect and stop possible fraud and illegal acts, violations of our
Terms of Use
, and data security breaches
offer you personalised advertising
guide decisions and business strategy about their products, sites, applications, services, tools and marketing communications
We may disclose your information to third-parties:
third party service providers who help us provide our Services, payment processing services, assist us in providing customised advertising, help us with the prevention, detection, mitigation and investigation of potentially illegal acts, violations of our
Terms of Use
, fraud and/or security breaches, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs and other business operations
third party financial institution partners who may offer financial products to you, for them to provide joint content and services (such as registration, transactions and customer support). These third party financial institution partners will use your personal information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services
other third parties when you have given consent to share your information via Gumtree
Gumtree uses Nielsen software to measure and analyse usage of our website. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the
Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy
We may disclose your information to law enforcement and and other parties in connection with the law, including:
law enforcement or governmental agencies, or authorised third-parties, in response to a verified request regarding a criminal investigation, alleged or suspected illegal activity, or any other activity that may expose us, you or any of our users to legal risk
participants of the Gumtree 'Verified Rights Owners Program' under confidentiality agreement, if we decide that it is necessary to disclose that information in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy or other unlawful activity
credit agencies or bureaus as authorised by applicable national laws
third parties commencing, or involved in, a legal proceeding if they provide us with a subpoena, court order or similar legal document
other third parties to comply with our legal requirements, enforce our
Terms of Use
, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or if we otherwise believe in good faith that the disclosure is needed to prevent imminent physical harm, harm to property, financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity
Change of ownership
If we were to merge with or be bought by another company, we may share information with them in accordance with our privacy standards. The new combined entity would comply with this Privacy Notice. If your personal information is to be collected, used, disclosed or retained for any purposes not covered in this Privacy Notice, you will receive advance notice of any changes to the processing of your personal information.
Security
We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures. Our safeguards include firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to data centres and information access authorisation controls. If you believe your account has been abused, please contact
Customer Service
.
Important Information
Social login
When you use social login:
If you sign into your social network account using the same email that you previously used to register for an account with us, you will access your existing account with us
If you sign into your social network account using an email address that we don’t recognise in our systems, a new account will be created in our systems for you
You may use social login or regular sign in each time you login into your account with us. If you use regular sign in but a password has not been issued to you (because you registered through social login) you need to get a password through the password reset flow.
When you use social login the 'keep me signed in' policies of the social network provider apply. We do not control those policies. For your safety we recommend that you:
Don’t use social login if you are accessing our Services using a public or shared device
Visit your social network provider site to learn about their sign in policies and your options
Unwanted or threatening email
We do not tolerate abuse of our Services. You do not have permission to add other users to your mailing list, call or send SMS messages for commercial purposes, even if a user bought something from you, unless the user has given their explicit consent. Sending unwanted or threatening email and SMS messages is against our
Terms of Use
. To report spam or spoof emails please contact
Customer Service
.
Third party privacy practices
This Privacy Notice addresses only the use and disclosure of personal information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others, or if you are directed to a third party website, their privacy notices and practices will apply.
We can’t guarantee the privacy or security of your information once you provide it to a third party. You should check the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information, even when dealing with buyers or sellers on our site.
Questions or Complaints
For questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices you can contact us at:
in writing to: Gumtree AU Pty Ltd, C/- Marque Lawyers Level 4, 343 George Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
or contact our
help desk
Contact Customer Service
If you're looking for more help or have a question to ask, please contact our
help desk
Related Articles
Cookie Policy
Does Gumtree work with law enforcement?
Gumtree Terms of Use
Gumtree CarsGuide Autotrader Commercial User Research Survey Promotion
Download the Gumtree app for iOS or Android
Tips & help
About Gumtree
Gumtree Blog
Help
Contact Us
Legal bits
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Posting Policy
Cookie Policy
For Business
Car Dealer Packages
Recruiters and Employers
Display Advertising
Press Contact
Explore
Find a Car
Car Reviews and Specs
All Locations
All Categories
Top Searches
Adevinta Brands
Gumtree Content
Gumtree Australia
Gumtree Facebook
Gumtree Twitter
Gumtree Youtube
Gumtree Google Plus
Gumtree Instagram
Copyright © 2021 Marktplaats B.V.