Safaricom Data Privacy Statement
Safaricom Data Privacy Statement
Download PDF Version
1.0 Introduction
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the
        personal data Safaricom Plc (“Safaricom”) collects, how Safaricom
        processes it, and for what purposes.
This statement should be read together with the Terms and Conditions of
        Use for other Safaricom products and services. Where there is a
        conflict, this statement will prevail.
This statement applies to all customers, suppliers, agents, merchants,
        dealers and all visitors frequenting any of Safaricom premises.
2.0 Definitions
References to
2.1
“You
”
means:
i)customer- the person who subscribes to, uses or purchases any of our
        products and services or accesses our websites and includes any person
        who accesses any of the products and services you have subscribed to.
ii)Any agent, dealer and/or merchants who has signed an agreement with
        us and is recognised as a merchant or agent in accordance with any
        applicable laws or Regulations.
iii) Any visitor that is a person (including contractors/subcontractors
        or any third parties) who gains access to any Safaricom premises.
iv)Any supplier who has been contracted by Safaricom and executed a
Supplier contract.
2.2 “Safaricom”, “we” or “us”, “our” and “ours” means Safaricom Plc
The word
“includes”
means that what follows is not
        necessarily exhaustive and therefore the examples given are not the
        only things/situations included in the meaning or explanation of that
        text.
3.0 Statement Details
3.1 Collection of Information
3.1.1
We collect your personal information with your knowledge and
        consent when you do any of the following (please note that this list is
        not exhaustive):
a) register for a specific product or service, including but not
        limited to SIM-card registration, PostPay subscriptions, e-
commerce platforms, M-PESA and M-PESA-powered services;
b) buy, subscribe to or use a Safaricom product or service online, on
        the cloud, on a mobile or other device, in a Safaricom Shop or other
        retail outlet;
c) subscribe to Safaricom or third-party premium rates services, Short
        Message Service (SMS), email or social media platforms;
d) ask Safaricom for more information about a product or service or
        contact Safaricom with a query or complaint;
e) respond to or participate in a survey, marketing
promotion, prize competition or special offer;
f) visit, access or use Safaricom or third-party websites;
g) We may also collect your information from other organisations
        including credit-reference bureaus, fraud prevention agencies and
        business directories;
h) We may collect your information when you interact with us as a
        supplier, agent, merchant or dealer as prescribed in this statement;
i) We also collect information when you visit any of our premises.
3.1.2
We do not onboard minors (any person under 18 years of age)
        except where you additionally register on their behalf as their parent
        and/ or legal guardian. If you allow a child to use our services, you
        should be aware that their personal information could be collected as
        described in this statement.
3.2 What Information is collected?
The information we collect and store about you includes but is not
        limited to the following:
3.2.1
Your identity and SIM-card registration information, including
        your name, photograph, address, location, phone number, identity
        document type and number, date of birth, email address, age, gender and
        mobile number portability records.
3.2.2
Your credit or debit-card information, information about your
        bank account numbers and SWIFT codes or other banking information.
3.2.3
Your transaction information when you use our MPESA service.
3.2.4
Your preferences for particular products and services, based on
        information provided by you or from your use of Safaricom’s (or third
        party) network, products and services.
3.2.5
Name, family details, age, profiling information such as level of
        education, bank account status, income brackets, etc. collected as part
        of surveys conducted by Safaricom and their agents on behalf of
        Safaricom.
3.2.6
Your contact with us, such as when you: call us or interact with
        us through social media, our chatbot Zuri, ‘snail mail’, email (we may
        record your conversations, social media or other interactions with us),
        register your biometric information such as your voice, finger prints
        etc, visit a Safaricom Shop or other retail outlet.
3.2.7
Your account information, such as your handset type/model,
        tariff, top-ups; subscriptions (including third party subscriptions),
        billing statements, cloud hosting registration details, e-commerce
        registration and usage, M-PESA and mobile money transactions.
3.2.8
Your call data records: phone numbers that you call or send
        messages to (or receive calls and messages from), log of calls,
        messages or data sessions on the Safaricom network and your approximate
        location (save for customer service interactions as noted above we do
        not record or store message or call contents).
3.2.9
We use Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) surveillance recordings.
        CCTV Devices are installed at strategic locations to provide a safe and
        secure environment in all Safaricom premises as a part of our
        commitment to community safety, security and crime prevention.
3.2.10
When you request us to reserve parking for you, we will collect and retain your personal data (name,
        telephone number, and vehicle registration details) when you request
        Safaricom to reserve parking space for you and where you use any of our
        parking facilities as a contractor. We use the data you provide to
        ensure effective visitor, contractor and car park management, Health
        and Safety compliance (orderly entry and exiting to and from the car
        parks and buildings) and inventory management.
3.2.11
We maintain a register of visitors in which we collect and keep
        your personal data such as names, company/institution details,
        telephone number, vehicle registration details and National ID
number. This information is collected for health, safety and security
        purposes.
3.2.12
When you use Safaricom WIFI for guest and visitors, we collect
        email IDs and will provide user name and password. We record the device
        address and also log traffic information in the form of sites visited,
        duration and date sent/received.
3.2.13
We may use your medical information to manage our services and
        products to you e.g. when you use our services designed for persons
        with disabilities such as our braille watch for the visually impaired.
3.2.14
Where you use our voice recognition platform (IVR) we may
        collect and process your voice biometrics.
3.2.15
We collect your personal information when you visit us for
        purposes of accident and incident reporting. Safaricom will collect
        personal data from the injured party or person suffering from ill
        health, such as, Name, Address, Age, next of kin, details of the
        incident to include any relevant medical history. The data is collected
        as Safaricom has a legal duty to document workplace incidents/accidents
        and to report certain types of accidents, injuries and dangerous
        occurrences arising out of its work activity to the relevant enforcing
        authority.
3.2.16
Incidents and accidents will be investigated to establish what
        lessons can be learned to prevent such incidents/accidents reoccurring
        including introduction of additional safeguards, procedures,
        information instruction and training, or any combination of these.
        Monitoring is undertaken but on an anonymised basis. The information is
        also retained in the event of any claims for damages.
3.3 Use of Information
We may use and analyse your information for the following purposes:
3.3.1
Processing products and services that you have bought from
        Safaricom or from third parties on our ecommerce platforms;
3.3.2
Billing you for using our or third-party products or services or
        taking the appropriate amount of credit from you;
3.3.3
Responding to any of your queries or concerns;
3.3.4
Verifying your identity information through publicly available
        and/or restricted government databases in order to comply with
        applicable regulatory requirements;
3.3.5
Carrying out credit checks and credit scoring;
3.3.6
Keeping you informed generally about new products and services
        and contacting you with offers or promotions based on how you use our
        or third-party products and services unless you opt out of receiving
        such marketing messages (you may contact Safaricom at any time to opt
        out of receiving marketing messages);
3.3.7
to comply with any legal, governmental or regulatory requirement
        or for use by our lawyers in connection with any legal proceedings;
3.3.8
In business practices including to quality control, training and
        ensuring effective systems operations;
3.3.9
To protect our network including to manage the volume of calls,
        texts and other use of our network;
3.3.10
To understand how you use our network, products and services for
        purposes of developing or improving products and services;
3.3.11
Preventing and detecting fraud or other crimes and for debt
        recovery;
3.3.12
For research, statistical, survey and other scientific or
        business
purposes;
3.3.13
Provide aggregated data (which do not contain any information
        which may identify you as an individual) to third parties for research
        and scientific purpose;
3.3.14
Administer any of our online platforms/websites.
3.4. Categories of Data
Categories of Personal Data as defined in the Data Protection Act of Kenya may be 
processed depending on the particular types of products and services you have 
subscribed to.
3.5. Lawful Basis for processing your information
We will process your personal information based on any of the lawful
        basis provided for under the Data Protection Law:
3.5.1
The performance of a Product/Service Agreement with you;
3.5.2
Safaricom’s legitimate business interests;
3.5.3
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation;
3.5.4
Consent you provide;
3.5.5
Public interest;
3.5.6
Your vital interest.
3.6. Retention of Information
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably
        necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the
        purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or
        reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer
        period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is
        a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we
        consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the
        potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your
        personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and
        whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, the need to
        comply with our internal policy and the applicable legal, regulatory,
        tax, accounting or other requirements.
Anonymised information that can no longer be associated with you may be
        held indefinitely.
4.0 Disclosure of Information
4.1
Any disclosure of your information shall be in accordance with
        applicable law and regulations. Safaricom shall assess and review each
        application for information and may decline to grant such information
        to the requesting party.
4.2
We may disclose your information to:
a) law-enforcement agencies, regulatory authorities, courts or other
        statutory authorities in response to a demand issued with the
        appropriate lawful mandate and where the form and scope of the demand
        is compliant with the law.
b) our subsidiaries, associates, partners, software developers or
        agents who are involved in delivering Safaricom products and services
        you order or use;
c) Fraud prevention and Anti money laundering agencies, credit-
reference agencies;
d) publicly available and/or restricted government databases to verify
        your identity information in order to comply with regulatory
        requirements;
e) debt-collection agencies or other debt-recovery organisations;
f) Survey agencies that conduct surveys on behalf of Safaricom;
g) Emergency service providers when you make an emergency call (or
        where such disclosure to emergency service providers is necessary for
        your rescue, health and safety) including your approximate location;
h) Any other person that we deem legitimately necessary to share the
        data with.
4.3
Some of your information may be passed on to any person whom you
        receive mobile money from or send or intend to send mobile money to.
        Your information may be available to any third party involved in the
        operation of the mobile money service including Lipa Na M-PESA
        Merchants, mobile money interoperability partners, ATM Switch providers
        and vendors of the M-PESA money transfer technology platform.
4.4
We shall not release any information to any individual or entity
        that is acting beyond its legal mandate.
4.5
We will get your express consent before we share your personal data
        with any third party for direct marketing purposes.
4.6 Direct Marketing
4.6.1
You may be required to opt in or give any other form of explicit
        consent before receiving marketing messages from us.
4.6.2
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time
by writing to us or logging into our website,
www.safaricom.co.ke
and checking or unchecking
        relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the
        optout links on any marketing message sent to you or by attending to us
        or contacting us at any time through the provided contacts.
4.6.3
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this
        will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a
        product, service already taken up, warranty registration, product or
        service experience or other transactions].
5.0 The Use of Cookies
5.1
We may store some information (using "
cookies
") on
        your computer when you visit our websites. This enables us to recognise
        you during subsequent visits. The type of information gathered is
        non-personal (such as: the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your
        computer, the date and time of your visit, which pages you browsed and
        whether the pages have been delivered successfully.
5.2
We may also use this data in aggregate form to develop customised
        services - tailored to your individual interests and needs. Should you
        choose to do so, it is possible (depending on the browser you are
        using), to be prompted before accepting any cookies, or to prevent your
        browser from accepting any cookies at all. This will however cause
        certain features of the web site not to be accessible.
6.0 The Use of Hyperlinks
6.1
Our websites may provide hyperlinks to other locations or websites
        on the Internet. These hyperlinks lead to websites published or
        operated by third parties who are not affiliated with or in any way
        related to us and have been included in our website to enhance your
        user experience and are presented for information purposes only.
6.2
We do not endorse, recommend, approve or guarantee any third- party
        products and services by providing hyperlinks to an external website or
        webpage and do not have any co-operation with such third parties unless
        otherwise disclosed. We are not in any way responsible for the content
        of any externally linked website or webpage.
6.3
By clicking on a hyperlink, you will leave the Safaricom webpage
        and accordingly you shall be subject to the terms of use, privacy and
        cookie policies of the other website that you choose to visit.
7.0 Access to and Updating your Information
To update your information, go to https://selfcare.safaricom.co.ke/and
        sign in to my Safaricom self-care to look at your personal information.
        You can change how we get in touch with you and your account details
        whenever you like.
8.0 Safeguarding and Protection of Information
Safaricom has put in place technical and operational measures to ensure
        integrity and confidentiality of your data via controls around:
        information classification, access control, cryptography, physical and
        environmental security and monitoring and compliance.
9.0 International Data Transfers
From time to time we may need to transfer your personal information
        outside the Republic of Kenya.
Where we send your information outside Kenya, we will make sure that
        your information is properly protected in accordance with the
        applicable Data Protection Laws.
10.0 Your Rights
Subject to legal and contractual exceptions, you have rights under data
        protection laws in relation to your personal data. These are listed
        below: -
a) Right to be informed that we are collecting personal data about you;
b) Right to access personal data that we hold about you and request for
        information about how we process it;
c) Right to request that we correct your personal data where it is
        inaccurate or incomplete;
d) Right to request that we erase your personal data noting that we may
        continue to retain your information if obligated by the law or entitled
        to do so;
e) Right to object and withdraw your consent to processing of your
        personal data. We may continue to process if we have a legitimate or
        legal reason to do so;
f) Right to request restricted processing of your personal data noting
        that we may be entitled or legally obligated to continue processing
        your data and refuse your request;
g) Right to request transfer of your personal data in [an electronic
        format].
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact
        us on dpo@safaricom.co.ke.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm
        your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to
        exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to
        ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no
        right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further
        information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within reasonable time.
        Occasionally it could take us longer if your request is particularly
        complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will
        notify you and keep you updated.
11.0 How to Contact Us
If you would like to contact us on any topics in this privacy policy,
        you can email us on dpo@safaricom.co.ke or submit a request via our
        digital platforms.
As a Data Controller and Processor, below are the contact details of
        our Data Protection Officer:
Data Protection Officer
dpo@safaricom.co.ke
Safaricom PLC
Safaricom House
Waiyaki Way, Westlands
P.O Box 66827, 00800 Nairobi Tel: +254 722 00 4524/4260
        www.safaricom.co.ke
12.0 Right to Lodge Complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory
        authority that is tasked with personal data protection within the
        Republic of Kenya
13.0 Non-Compliance with this Statement
Safaricom shall have the right to terminate any agreement with you for
        failure to comply with the provisions of this statement and reject any
        application for information contrary to this statement.
14.0 Amendments to this Statement
Safaricom reserves the right to amend or modify this statement at any time.
    If
Safaricom amends this statement, You can access the most current version of
the privacy statement by clicking this link
Safaricom Privacy Statement
so that you will always know how your personal information is being used or
    shared. Any amendment or modification to this statement will take effect
    from the date of notification on the Safaricom website.
Statement Effective Date
1
st
October 2019