Mathway | Privacy Policy
Mathway
Visit Mathway on the web
Start 7-day free trial on the app
Start 7-day free trial on the app
Download free on Amazon
Download free in Windows Store
get
Go
Enter a problem...
Upgrade
Calculators
About
Help
Sign In
Sign Up
Hope that helps!
You're welcome!
Let me take a look...
You'll be able to enter math problems once our session is over.
Mathway Privacy Policy
*NOTE:
We have updated our privacy policy. This new policy will go into effect for existing users on June 30, 2023. Until such time, existing users may continue to access our previous policy
here.
For all new users, this new policy is effective immediately.
Updated and Effective as of
16 June 2023
We at Chegg, Inc. and its family of companies, including Mathway, LLC (collectively, “Chegg”) have created this Privacy Policy to describe our practices and your choices regarding information we collect through our websites, apps, mobile features, and other services that post a link to this Privacy Policy (“Service” or “Services”), as well as offline sources, all of which may be combined in our databases.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you are a resident of any country or region listed in the “Country” menu above, please read the Privacy Policy associated with that country; it may include additional rights and information.
You agree that your access and use are governed by the Privacy Policy associated with your country, state, or region, and our
Terms of Use
or
Premium Terms
, as applicable.
Personal, Sensitive and Non-Personal Information We Collect and How We Use and Disclose It
Additional Information Regarding Certain Information and Uses
Third Party Advertising and Analytics/Privacy Controls/Do-Not-Track
Your Choices and Opt Out Rights
Security
Third Party Content and Links
Consent to Transfer
General Audience Sites
Changes to This Privacy Policy
How To Contact Us
Notice to California Residents
1. Personal, Sensitive and Non-Personal Information We Collect and How We Use and Disclose It
We collect data about you directly through the Services, automatically through cookies and other technologies when you visit the Services, and sometimes from third parties. Some of the data we collect may be considered “personal data” (sometimes also referred to as “personal information”) and some may be considered “sensitive,” under applicable laws. We will also treat other information, including IP addresses and cookie identifiers, as “personal data” where required by applicable law.
Note that we may de-identify or pseudonymize your personal data so as to make it non-personal, either by combining it with data about other individuals and/or by hashing the data or otherwise removing characteristics that make the data personally identifiable to you. We will treat de-identified or pseudonymized data as non-personal to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. We maintain and use de-identified data without attempting to re-identify it, except where permitted by applicable law, such as to determine whether our de-identification processes satisfy legal requirements. If we combine non-personal data with personal data, then we will treat the combined information as personal data under this Privacy Policy. We may share non-personal data with third parties for any purpose in our discretion and as permitted by law, including for advertising, research and marketing purposes.
The following list sets out the personal data collected by category (
“Category”
), the purposes for which the information is collected (
“Purposes”
), the categories of third parties to whom the information may be disclosed for a business purpose (
“Disclosed To”
), and the categories of third parties to whom the information may be sold for monetary value or other valuable consideration or shared for cross contextual behavioral advertising/targeted marketing (
“Sold/Shared To”
).
Please also see the
“Additional Details About Our Data Practices”
section below for additional information on certain types of personal data collection and use.
Contact Information
(such as your name, phone number, email address, telephone number, and social media username)
Purposes for Collection: (1) Provide You Services (to process transactions and fulfill your orders; provide you with content or other services and allow you to participate in features we offer; create and manage your account; facilitate your participation in a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion; send service and account-related communications; respond to your inquiries; provide customer support; send you information that you requested or agreed to receive, such as newsletters and order updates; send you cart abandonment emails and browse abandonment emails); (2) Advertising Activities and Marketing Messages (to send you special deals, offers, promotions, invitations, and similar information from us, our advertisers, or other third parties); (3) Personalization (to identify your preferences; tailor content, including advertising and recommendations, to you on the Services and on other websites and services; monitor and control ad delivery, performance, and frequency); (4) Administrative (to recognize you across devices; verify your identity; contact you regarding your use of the Services, content features, or products you use and request, and, in our discretion, changes to our policies); (5) Internal Business Purposes (to operate and improve our products,  services, and marketing endeavors; detect and troubleshoot problems; conduct sales auditing; market research; understand how you use our services, including analyzing trends and usage patterns; analyze the effectiveness of our marketing efforts); (6) Security (to investigate, prevent, detect, and protect against misuse of our systems, fraud or other crime, or activities that violate our policies); (7) Hiring Related Purposes (to facilitate your job search; process your application to work with/for Chegg; prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports); (8) Legal (to comply with the law; resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and policies, including where applicable the Honor Code; comply with our contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations; protect our or others’ rights or assets); (9) Business Transitions (in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, including during due diligence); (10) Other Purposes as Disclosed at the time of collection/with your consent
Categories of Third Parties the Data May Be Disclosed To: (1) Other Users (including instructors and students, depending on the Services you interact with); (2) Advertising and Analytics Partners (such as analytics companies, third party advertisers, marketing agencies, including those who assist us with surveys and market or product research and development); (3) Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms; (4) Sweepstakes/Contest Partners; (5) Business Partners (such as those whose products and services are bundled with Chegg’s and  other joint marketing and similar partners); (6) Affiliated Companies; (7) Order Fulfillment Vendors (including payment processors, fulfillment centers, delivery services, order tracking vendors); (8) Technology Systems Service Providers (including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service or other cloud computing providers, and technology maintenance and repair vendors); (9) Communications Service Providers (including email delivery vendors and text messaging service providers); (10) Security Vendors; (11) Financial Assistance Partners; (12) Customer Service Providers (including call centers and live chat vendors); (13) Government Agencies and Law Enforcement or Where Required by Law; (14) Third Parties in connection with court or other legal proceedings; (15) Third Parties in connection with a business transition; (16) Third Parties to whom you agree or direct us to share your information; (17) Other service providers who use your data solely to provide services to us or to you
Third Parties to Whom the Data May Be Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising: (1) Third Party Advertising and Analytics Partners; (2) Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms; (3) Third Party Business Partners
Government Identification
(such as social security number, driver's license, and other government-issued identification)
Purposes for Collection: (1) Administrative (to verify your identity); (2) Hiring Related Purposes (to facilitate your job search; process your employment application; prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports); (3) Security (to investigate, prevent, detect, and protect against misuse of our systems, fraud or other crime, or activities that violate our policies); (4) Legal (to comply with the law; resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and policies, including where applicable the Honor Code; comply with our contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations; protect our or others’ rights or assets); (5) Business Transitions (in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, including during due diligence); (6) Other Purposes as Disclosed at the time of collection/with your consent
Categories of Third Parties the Data May Be Disclosed To: (1) Affiliated Companies; (2) Technology Systems Service Providers (including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service or other cloud computing providers, and technology maintenance and repair vendors); (3) Security Vendors; (4) Government Agencies and Law Enforcement or Where Required By law; (5) Third Parties in connection with court or other legal actions; (6) Third Parties who acquire the information in connection with a business transition; (7) Third Parties to whom you agree or direct us to share your information; (8) Other service providers who use your data solely to provide services to us or to you
Third Parties to Whom the Data May Be Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising: This category of data is not sold or shared for targeted advertising.
Payment and Financial Information
(such as credit or debit card number, expiration date, billing address, and banking information)
Purposes for Collection: (1) Provide You Services (to process transactions and fulfill your orders); (2) Hiring Related Purposes (to pay you for content you provide or services you render to Chegg); (3) Internal Business Purposes (sales auditing) ; (4) Security (to investigate, prevent, detect, and protect against misuse of our systems, fraud or other crime, or activities that violate our policies); (5) Legal (to resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and policies; comply with our contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations; protect our or others’ rights/assets); (6) Business Transitions (in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, including during due diligence); (7) Other Purposes as Disclosed at the time of collection/ with your consent
Categories of Third Parties the Data May Be Disclosed To: (1) Affiliated Companies; (2) Order Fulfillment Vendors (such as payment processors); (3) Government Agencies and Law Enforcement or Where Required By Law; (4) Third Parties in connection with court or other legal actions; (5) Third Parties who acquire the information in connection with a business transition; (6) Third Parties to Whom You Agree or Direct Us to Share Your Information; (7) Other service providers who use your data solely to provide services to us or to you
Third Parties to Whom the Data May Be Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising: This category of data is not sold or shared for targeted advertising.
Transaction Information
(such as what you ordered, when you ordered it, the amount of your purchase, return/cancellation information;  products or services considered; your participation in a sweepstakes or contest)
User Account Information
(such as password, communication preferences, and account settings)
Purposes for Collection:  (1) Provide You Services (to process  transactions and fulfill your orders; provide you with content or other services and allow you to participate in features we offer; facilitate your participation in a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion; send you transactional messages regarding your use of the services, purchases, and other account-related communications; respond to your inquiries; provide customer support; send you cart abandonment emails and browse abandonment emails); (2) Advertising Activities and Marketing Messages (to send you offers, promotions, invitations, and similar information from us, our advertisers, or other third parties); (3) Personalization (to identify your preferences; tailor content, including advertising and recommendations, to you on the services and on other websites and services); (4) Administrative (to verify your identity; contact you regarding your use of the Services, content, features, or products you use or request); (5) Internal Business Purposes (to provide and improve our products,  services, and marketing endeavors; detect and troubleshoot problems; conduct sales auditing; market research; analyze the effectiveness of our marketing efforts; understand how you use our services, including analyzing trends and usage patterns); (6) Security (to investigate, prevent, detect, and protect against misuse of our systems, fraud or other crime, or activities that violate our policies); (7) Legal (to resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and policies; comply with our contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations; protect our or others’ rights/assets); (8) Business Transitions (in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, including during due diligence); (9) Other Purposes as Disclosed at the time of collection/with your consent
Categories of Third Parties the Data May Be Disclosed To: (1) Advertising and Analytics Partners (such as analytics companies, third party advertisers, marketing agencies, including those who assist us with surveys and market or product research and development); (2) Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms; Sweepstakes/Contest Partners; (3) Business Partners (such as those whose products and services are bundled with Chegg’s and  other joint marketing and similar partners); (4) Affiliated Companies; (5) Order Fulfillment Vendors (including payment processors, fulfillment centers, delivery services, order tracking vendors); (6) Technology Systems Service Providers (including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service or other cloud computing providers, and technology maintenance and repair vendors); (7) Communications Service Providers (including email delivery vendors and text messaging service providers); (8) Security Vendors; (9) Financial Assistance Partners; (10) Customer Service Providers (including call centers and live chat vendors); (11) Educational Institutions (only in connection with an applicable Honor Code inquiry);  (12) Government Agencies and Law Enforcement or Where Required By Law; (13) Third Parties in connection with court or other legal actions; (14) Third Parties who acquire the information in connection with a business transition; (15) Third Parties to whom you agree or direct us to share your information; (16) Other service providers who use your data solely to provide services to us or to you
Third Parties to whom the Data May Be Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising: Analytics Companies; Third-Party Advertisers; Social Media Companies
Education Information
(such as your school name, degree, year of graduation, courses, and for our Thinkful Service, your performance in Thinkful courses and graduation status)
Purposes for Collection: (1) Provide You Services (to process transactions and orders; create and manage your account; provide you with content or other services and allow you to participate in features we offer; facilitate your participation in a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion; send you transactional messages regarding your use of our services, purchases, and other account-related communications; respond to your inquiries; provide customer support; send you information that you requested or agreed to receive); (2) Advertising Activities and Marketing Messages (to send you offers, promotions, invitations, and similar information from us, our advertisers, or third parties); (3) Personalization (to identify your preferences; tailor content, including advertising and recommendations, to you on the services and on other websites and services); (4) Administrative (to recognize you across devices; verify your identity; contact you regarding your use of the Services, content, features, or products you use or request, and, in our discretion, changes to our policies); (5) Hiring Related Purposes (to facilitate your job search; process your employment application); (6) Internal Business Purposes (to provide and improve our products, services, and marketing endeavors; detect and troubleshoot problems); (7) Security (to investigate, prevent, detect, and protect against misuse of our systems, fraud or other crime, or activities that violate our policies); (8) Legal (to resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and policies; comply with our contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations; protect our or others’ rights/assets); (9) Business Transitions (in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, including during due diligence); (10) Other Purposes as Disclosed at the time of collection/with your consent
Categories of Third Parties the Data May Be Disclosed To:  (1) Affiliated Companies; (2) Technology Systems Service Providers (including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service or other cloud computing providers, and technology maintenance and repair vendors); (3) Communications Service Providers (including email delivery vendors and text messaging service providers); (4) Security Vendors; (5) Customer Service Providers (including call centers and live chat vendors); (6) Government Agencies and Law Enforcement or Where Required By Law; (7) Third Parties in connection with court or other legal actions; (8) Third Parties who acquire the information in connection with a business transition; (9) Third Parties to whom you agree or direct us to share your information; (10) Other service providers who use your data solely to provide services to us or to you
Third Parties to whom the Data May Be Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising: This category of data is not sold or shared for targeted advertising.
Employment Information
(such as your eligibility to work in the United States, work history, employment status, employer, salary, and offer and start dates)
Purposes for Collection: (1) Provide You Services (provide you with content or other services and allowing you to participate in features we offer; send you transactional messages regarding your use of our Services, purchases, and other account-related communications; respond to your inquiries; provide customer support; provide you with your performance evaluations or other results); (2) Advertising Activities and Marketing Messages (to send you offers, promotions, invitations, and similar information from us, our advertisers, or other third parties); (3) Personalization (to identify your preferences; tailor content, including advertising and recommendations, to you on the Services and on other websites and services); (4) Internal Business Purposes (to operate and improve our products and services; detect and troubleshoot problems; market research); (5) Security (to investigate, prevent, detect, and protect against misuse of our systems, fraud or other crime, or activities that violate our policies); (6) Hiring Related Purposes (to facilitate your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports); (7) Legal (to comply with the law; resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and policies, including where applicable the Honor Code; comply with our contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations; protect our or others’ rights or assets); (8) Business Transitions (in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, including during due diligence); (9) Other Purposes as Disclosed at the time of collection/with your consent
Categories of Third Parties the Data May Be Disclosed To:  (1) Other Users (including instructors and students, depending on the Services you interact with); (2) Affiliated Companies; (3) Technology Systems Service Providers (including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service or other cloud computing providers, and technology maintenance and repair vendors); (4) Security Vendors; (5) Customer Service Providers (including call centers and live chat vendors); (6) Financial Assistance Partners; (7) Third Party Business Partners (unaffiliated parties that are joint marketing partners or whose products or services are bundled with our Services); (8) Government Agencies and Law Enforcement or Where Required By Law; (9) Third Parties in connection with court or other legal actions; (10) Third Parties who acquire the information in connection with a business transition; (11) Third Parties to whom you agree or direct us to share your information; (12) Other service providers who use your data solely to provide services to us or to you
Third Parties to whom the Data May Be Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising: This category of data is not sold or shared for targeted advertising.
Demographic Information
(such as your age, sex and/or gender, and languages you speak)
Sensory and Photo/Video Data and Other User Generated Content
(such as your profile picture; audio, video, or image, or text that you submit in connection with reviews, survey responses, live chat and other customer service interactions, or other submissions to our services)
Purposes for Collection: (1) Other Users (including instructors and students, depending on the Services you interact with); (2) Provide You Services (provide you with content or other services and allowing you to participate in features we offer; send account-related communications; respond to your inquiries; create and manage your account); (3) Advertising Activities and Marketing Messages (to send you offers, promotions, invitations, and similar information from us, our advertisers, or other third parties); (4) Personalization (to identify your preferences; tailor content, including advertising and recommendations, to you on the Services and on other websites and services); (5) Hiring Related Purposes (to facilitate your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports); (6) Internal Business Purposes (to operate and improve our products and services; detect and troubleshoot problems; market research); (7) Security (to investigate, prevent, detect, and protect against misuse of our systems, fraud or other crime, or activities that violate our policies); (8) Legal (to comply with the law; resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and policies, including where applicable the Honor Code; comply with our contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations; protect our or others’ rights or assets); (9) Business Transitions (in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, including during due diligence); (10) Other Purposes as Disclosed at the time of collection/with your consent
Categories of Third Parties the Data May Be Disclosed To:  (1) Affiliated Companies; (2) Financial Assistance Partners; (3) Technology Systems Service Providers (including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service or other cloud computing providers, and technology maintenance and repair vendors); (4) Security Vendors; (5) Government Agencies and Law Enforcement or Where Required By Law; (6) Third Parties in connection with court or other legal actions; (7) Third Parties who acquire the information in connection with a business transition; (8) Third Parties to whom you agree or direct us to share your information; (9) Other service providers who use your data solely to provide services to us or to you
Third Parties to whom the Data May Be Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising:  This category of data is not sold or shared for targeted advertising
Data Revealing Racial Origin
(such as audio, video, or pictorial information)
Purposes for Collection: (1) Provide You Services (provide you with content or other services and allowing you to participate in features we offer; send account-related communications; respond to your inquiries; create and manage your account); (2) Hiring Related Purposes (to facilitate your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports); (3) Advertising Activities and Marketing Messages (with respect to our Thinkful service, to send you offers and information from us or third parties);  (4) Personalization (to identify your preferences; tailor content, including  advertising and recommendations, to you on the Services and on other websites and services); (5) Internal Business Purposes (to operate and improve our products and services; detect and troubleshoot problems; market research); (6) Security (to investigate, prevent, detect, and protect against misuse of our systems, fraud or other crime, or activities that violate our policies); (7) Legal (to comply with the law; resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and policies, including where applicable the Honor Code; comply with our contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations; protect our or others’ rights or assets); (8) Business Transitions (in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, including during due diligence); (9) Other Purposes as Disclosed at the time of collection/with your consent
Categories of Third Parties the Data May Be Disclosed To: (1) Other Users (including instructors and students, depending on the Services you interact with); (2) Advertising and Analytics Partners; (3) Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms; (4) Business Partners (such as those whose products and services are bundled with Chegg’s and other joint marketing and similar partners); (5) Affiliated Companies; (6) Technology Systems Service Providers (including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service or other cloud computing providers, and technology maintenance and repair vendors); (7) Security Vendors; (8) Government Agencies and Law Enforcement or Where Required By Law; (9) Third Parties in connection with court or other legal actions; (10) Third Parties who acquire the information in connection with a business transition; (11) Third Parties to whom you agree or direct us to share your information; (12) Communications Services Providers (email delivery and text messaging vendors); (13) Sweepstakes/Contest Partners (such as administrators, other prize providers, and prize fulfillment vendors); (14) Other service providers who use your data solely to provide services to us or to you
Third Parties to whom the Data May Be Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising: (1) Advertising and Analytics Partners; (2) Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms; (3) Business Partners
Information About Your Interests and Preferences
(such as your learning goals, work/education history, academic interests and clubs or sports you participate in)
Purposes for Collection: (1) Provide You Services (provide you with content or other services and allowing you to participate in features we offer; provide customer support, provide you with your performance evaluations or other results); (2) Advertising Activities and Marketing Messages (to send you offers, promotions, invitations, and similar information from us, our advertisers, or other third parties); (3) Personalization (to identify your preferences; tailor content to you on the Services); (4) Internal Business Purposes (to operate and improve our products and services; detect and troubleshoot problems; perform market research; provide quality and equitable outcomes); (5) Security (to investigate, prevent, detect, and protect against misuse of our systems, fraud or other crime, or activities that violate our policies); (6) Legal (to comply with the law; resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and policies; comply with our contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations; protect our or others’ rights or assets); (7) Business Transitions (in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, including during due diligence); (8) Other Purposes as Disclosed at the time of collection/with your consent
Categories of Third Parties the Data May Be Disclosed To: (1) Affiliated Companies; (2) Third Party Advertising and Analytics Partners (such as advertising and analytics companies, third party advertisers, and marketing agencies, including those who assist us with surveys and market or product research and development); (3) Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms; (4) Business Partners (such as those whose products and services are bundled with Chegg’s and other joint marketing and similar partners); (5) Technology Systems Service Providers (including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service or other cloud computing providers, and technology maintenance and repair vendors); (6) Customer Service Providers (email delivery and text messaging vendors); (7) Government Agencies and Law Enforcement/Where Required By Law (including third parties in connection with a court or other legal proceeding); (8) Third Parties who acquire the information in connection with a business transition; (9) Third Parties to whom you agree or direct us to share your information; (10) Other service providers who use your data solely to provide services to us or to you
Third Parties to whom the Data May Be Sold/Shared May Be Targeted Advertising:  (1) Third Party Advertising and Analytics Partners; (2) Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms; (3) Business Partners
Device ID/Information
Purposes for Collection: (1) Provide You Services (to process  transactions and fulfill your orders; provide you with content or other services and allow you to participate in features we offer; facilitate your participation in a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion; send you transactional messages regarding your use of our Services, purchases, and other account-related communications; respond to your inquiries; provide customer support); (2) Advertising Activities and Marketing Messages (to send you offers, promotions, invitations, and similar information from us, our advertisers, or third parties); (3) Personalization (to identify your preferences; tailor content, including advertising and recommendations, to you on the Services and on other websites and services); (4) Administrative (to recognize you across devices; verify your identity; contact you regarding your use of the Services and, in our discretion, changes to our policies; conduct sales auditing); (5) Internal Business Purposes (to improve our products,  services, and marketing endeavors; detect and troubleshoot problems; understand how you use our Services including tracking traffic, usage, trends, navigation patterns); (6) Security (to investigate, prevent, detect, and protect against misuse of our systems, fraud or other crime, or activities that violate our policies);  (7) Legal (to comply with the law; resolve disputes; enforce our agreements and policies, including where applicable the Honor Code; comply with our contractual obligations; cooperate in governmental or other legal inquiries; fulfill regulatory reporting obligations; protect our or others’ rights or assets); (8) Business Transitions (in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, bankruptcy, or other corporate transition, including during due diligence); (9) Other Purposes as Disclosed at the time of collection/with your consent
Categories of Third Parties the Data May Be Disclosed To: (1) Advertising and Analytics Partners (such as analytics companies, third party advertisers, marketing agencies, including those who assist us with surveys and market or product research and development); (2) Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms; (3) Sweepstakes/Contest Partners; (4) Business Partners (such as those whose products and services are bundled with Chegg’s and  other joint marketing and similar partners); (5) Affiliated Companies; (6) Order Fulfillment Vendors (including payment processors, fulfillment centers, delivery services, order tracking vendors); (7) Technology Systems Service Providers (including webhosts, database hosts, software-as-a-service or other cloud computing providers, and technology maintenance and repair vendors); (8) Communications Service Providers (including email delivery vendors and text messaging service providers); (9) Security Vendors;  (10) Customer Service Providers (including call centers and live chat vendors);  (11) Government Agencies and Law Enforcement or Where Required By Law; (12) Third Parties in connection with court or other legal actions; (13) Third Parties who acquire the information in connection with a business transition; (14) Third Parties to whom you agree or direct us to share your information; (15) Other service providers who use your data solely to provide services to us or to you
Third Parties to whom the Data May Be Sold/Shared for Targeted Advertising: (1) Advertising and Analytics Partners; (2) Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms; (3) Third Party Business Partners
2. Additional Information Regarding Certain Information and Uses
We provide in this section additional detail about the information practices listed above, where it would be helpful for your understanding of such practices.
Data We Collect Automatically
Device ID/Information.
We, our service providers, business partners, and/or other third parties may automatically collect and/or store certain information when you visit or interact with the Services (“Device ID/Information”). This Device ID/Information may be stored and/or accessed from your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other device whenever you visit or interact with the Services. Device ID/Information may include, but is not limited to:
Your IP address, mobile device identifier and other unique identifier
Device information, including device model, operating system version, device date and time, mobile network
Approximate location of your device, which may be collected or inferred through other information we collect, such as IP address.
How you use and interact with the Services, including your search terms, pages you visit, content you view, and your preferences
Device ID/Information may be collected through the use of the following technologies:
Cookies and Local Storage. Cookies and local storage are text files placed within a browser on a device when it is used to visit the Services. Certain web browsers and browser add-ons may provide additional local data storage mechanisms. We may use cookies and similar technologies to help keep your use of the Services more secure, to study traffic patterns on the Services, to study the effectiveness of our customer communications, to maintain the integrity of the Services, to measure crash analytics and other maintenance related information, to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Services, and to personalize your experience through the Services, such as to recognize you when you return to the Services. Most browsers provide you with the ability to disable, decline, or clear cookies and local storage; please check your browser’s settings for further information. However, if you disable cookies you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of the Services. For more information about cookies, please visit
https://www.aboutcookies.org
.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code (also known as web beacons or pixel tags or 1x1 GIFs or clear GIFs) may be included in our web pages and email messages. These and similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including to count visitors to the Services, to monitor how users navigate Services, to count how many of our email messages were opened, or to count how many particular products were viewed. The information we collect through this technology may include the first date and time you open our email, and whether you click any links included in our email.
Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily used by our server or a third party service provider or business partner while you browse or interact with the Services and is deactivated or deleted when you disconnect from the Services.
Software Development Kits (SDKs).  These are software packages that contain a set of tools that can be used to help build applications and implement new features in existing apps. These tools can be used to create and operate features that collect information from your device.
Data Collection from Mobile Devices. We use embedded scripts and the tools provided in SDKs to collect information from mobile devices such as the hardware model, operating system and version, identification numbers assigned to your mobile device, such as the ID for Advertising (IDFA) on Apple devices, and the Advertising ID on Android devices, mobile network information, and website usage behavior. In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect similar information for security, fraud detection, and maintenance purposes.
Session Replay Technology.  Chegg may record through session replay technology your interaction with user interfaces, how long you visit those pages, and any links you click or information you provide.  We use this information for our internal business purposes, such as for website analytics, to improve the Chegg websites and our products and Services, and to address functionality issues.
Data You Provide Directly.
Live Chat Features. When you participate in our chat features, such as Chegg Support sessions or an AI assisted feature, we can record, use, and retain your information provided, as well as the communications within the chat, for purposes of providing you the Services and allowing you to participate in the feature, assisting you during the conversation, providing related support for your account, subscription, or services, and to improve the Services. If you do not consent, please do not continue with chat features.
Video Call Recording. If you use our Thinkful service, we may record video calls between instructors and students, for example one-to-one meetings between instructors and students and class instruction sessions for quality assurance and security purposes. If we record such a call, notice will be provided to you within the video call tool.
Photos and Videos.   We allow you to post photos and videos on the Services or to submit them to us as described above.  Applicable laws and regulations may vary with respect to whether such materials are considered to be biometric information.  For clarity, Chegg does not create a record of facial geometry from your photos or videos, and does not use your photos or videos for the purposes of facial recognition, facial surveillance, or otherwise as a biometric identifier.  Please note, however, that to the extent that you post your photos or videos publicly on our Services, or we share – as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy – such materials with third parties who are permitted to use these materials in accordance with their own privacy policies, we do not control the actions of third parties, and their use of your photos or videos may differ from ours.
Employment Applications. If you apply for a job through our Services, we or our service provider(s) may ask you to provide self-identifying information such as your veteran status, gender, and ethnicity in conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and other federal, state, and local regulatory agencies. Providing such information is voluntary, but if you do provide such information, we and/or our service provider may submit that information to the appropriate government or regulatory agencies to fulfill reporting requirements and use that information to defend against employment-related complaints. Please note that we may utilize a careers portal that is operated by a third party, in which case, your registration and use of the careers portal will be subject to the third party’s privacy practices as disclosed on the portal.
Registration to Become an Instructor. When you register to be an Instructor, we will collect information from you such as your education and employment history, phone number, photo, country of residence, and information we need to process payments to you, such as your bank account information, social security number, or taxpayer identification number, as necessary to facilitate payment and to comply with related legal obligations.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions. We may offer sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions (any of which, a “Promotion”) that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the provisions, conditions, or official rules that govern the Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you (including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice, likeness, or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing materials). If you choose to enter a Promotion, personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, as required by law, or as permitted by the Promotion’s terms or official rules (such as on a winner’s list).
Data We Receive or Collect from Third Parties
Referral Features. We may make available referral functions that permit you to send invitations, content, or other information directly to a third party through the Services. If you send a communication using such functionality, the information you provide about the recipient (e.g., name and e-mail address) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person. Any information you provide in connection with sending the message, (e.g., your name and your email address) will, of course, be disclosed to the recipient. When you disclose any personal information relating to other people, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information from Other Third Parties. We may receive information about you from third parties, such as business partners, data providers who enhance the information we have about you, sources of publicly available information, and other users of the Services  (such as when they provide your information to send you one of our products or participate in a “refer a friend” or similar programs that we may offer).
Data We Disclose to Third Parties. We may share non-personal information, such as certain Usage Information, hashed or otherwise de-identified or pseudonymized data, and aggregated user statistics, with third parties in our discretion and as permitted by law, including for targeted advertising purposes. We may share the information we have collected about you (including Personal Information) in the circumstances described below or elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, as disclosed at the time you provide information or otherwise with your consent.  We do not share Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes without giving you the chance to consent (opt-in or where permitted by law, opt-out).  In the case of phone numbers collected through our SMS/MMS/text message programs, these are not shared with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes without your specific consent.  Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party.  If you decide that you do not want to receive communications from a third party, or have questions about their privacy practices, you will need to contact that third party directly.
Academic Investigations. Certain of our Services have an associated Honor Code, and these may vary according to your location. If you use such Services, you agree to abide by the Honor Code applicable to your country as part of your use of the Services. We may disclose personal information in accordance with the terms of the applicable Honor Code.
Disclosures to Instructors/Students. If you use our Thinkful Service, portions of your User Content and profile information may be available to instructors or other students (if you are a student) or to students (if you are an instructor), such as your name, profile picture, and, depending on which of our Services you use, your email address and any information you choose to provide in your profile or via the communication tools used for the Service.
Publicly Available Content and Other Disclosures At Your Direction. User Content and profile information may be available to other registered users of the Services and other visitors to the Services, such as if you post a public comment. In addition, the Services may allow you to communicate and collaborate with each other, including via video chat or text chat. We may also share information when you direct us to do so, such as if you consent to post your testimonial along with your name, if you choose to link your account with a social networking service or other third party application or feature through which information is shared, if you apply for tuition assistance through a lender, or if we present you with an opportunity to receive marketing offers from a third party. We do not control the actions of third parties and you post content and share your information at your own risk.
Third Party Offers/Bundled Products. We may offer through the Services the services of a third party, or we may offer our Services to you through a third party. In those instances, by signing up for the third party service or signing up for our Services through a third party, you are agreeing and directing us, to disclose your information to that third party (or parties), and your information will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of that third party. This includes, without limitation, instances in which you use our Services to purchase products or services provided, in whole or part, by third parties. You also may request, sometimes through your use of an interactive feature or social media feature, that we share information about you with a third party or publicly.
Disclosures During Business Transfers.  In the event  Chegg goes through a business transition, Chegg reserves the right to disclose and transfer all personal information related to the Services (including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process): (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Services; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, bankruptcy, the sale of certain of Chegg’s ownership interests, assets, or both, or other company change. By providing your information, you understand and agree that we may transfer such information to the acquiring entity without your further consent, except where required by law.
Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf. We may share information with third-party service providers or allow those third parties to collect information about you, to enable them to perform services on our behalf, such as website hosting, conducting website usage analytics, sending email, text, or other communications, fulfilling orders, providing marketing assistance and data analysis, processing payments, and other services. Additionally, we may share various information relating to our users and fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activities with our fraud prevention and similar service providers, and they will use this information to help us and their other clients prevent fraudulent and illegal transactions.
Social Media and Other Third Party Platforms. We may host or facilitate interactions with social media or other third party platforms, such as Google, Apple, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, YouTube, and LinkedIn, including the use of their login service. When you interact with these third party platforms through the Services, we will receive information about you from the third party platform service and you will be choosing to share information about your interactions with Chegg with that social media service.
In addition, the third party platform service may set their own cookies and collect information about your use of the Services, including your IP address or other device identifiers, and which pages you visit on the Services. These third party platforms may be able to collect certain information on your visits to the Services regardless of whether or not you affirmatively interact with the feature and whether or not you are logged into (or have) an account with the third party platform. If you are logged out or do not have an account and visit a page with a social plug-in, your browser sends a more limited set of information. Like other sites, the third party platform will receive information about the webpage you are visiting, the date and time of your visit, and other browser-related information. They may use that information to help them improve their products or for other purposes set forth in their privacy policy. We may also receive information about you if other users of social media give us access to their profiles and you are one of their connections or "friends."
The information we collect is subject to this Privacy Policy. The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party’s privacy practices, including, without limitation, whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third-party website or service. The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature, in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature, but may retain the information previously collected.
If you choose to post information to a third-party platform, that information may be public.
3. Third Party Advertising and Analytics/Privacy Controls/Do-Not-Track
Chegg works with third party business partners, including online advertising companies, ad agencies, and analytics providers to serve Chegg ads online, and to provide us with information regarding the use of the Services and the effectiveness of our advertisements. These third parties may set and access their own tracking technologies (like cookies and web tags) on your device, and they may otherwise collect or have access to Device ID/Information and other information about you, some of which may be personal data or personal information under various state laws. Some of these parties may collect personal data over time when you visit the Services or other online websites and services. We may share information, typically information that has been aggregated or de-identified, pseudonymized, Device ID/Information, and location information with third party advertising companies, analytics providers, and other third parties, including for the purpose of serving you more relevant ads on and off the Services.
If you would like to opt-out of third party advertising and analytics, there are a variety of tools available to you:
Our Cookie Opt-Out Tools.
To opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information (targeted advertising) via cookies, use the tool available in footer of this webpage. Note that you will need to do this on each of our Services for which you would like to exercise this opt-out right. To opt out of other forms of processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, please complete this form. If you are a California resident, please see our NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS regarding additional rights you have, including how to exercise your “Do Not Sell” and “Do Not Share” rights.
Do Not Track.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals offered by some web browsers are settings that request that a web application disable its tracking of an individual user. When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your browser, your browser sends a special signal to websites, analytics companies, ad networks, plug in providers, and/or other web services you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity. You can learn more about and set up Do Not Track here.
Global Privacy Controls.
Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) is a technical specification in your browser settings that you can use to automatically inform websites of your privacy preferences with regard to third party online tracking. You can find out more about and set up GPC here.
NAI/DAA Opt-Out.
Some of the companies we use may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). The NAI provides information regarding targeted advertising and the opt-out procedures of NAI members, including opt-out mechanisms for web browsers, mobile and other connected devices, and a tool to opt out from participating NAI members using your hashed email address for interest-based advertising. You may also want to visit the DAA's website, which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an opt-out for DAA-participating companies.
Mobile Device/AppChoices.
Mobile devices may contain settings that allow you to disable tracking advertising and/or analytics. In addition, the digital advertising industry has provided the ability for mobile users to register at AppChoices for their intent not to receive targeted advertising.
Google Analytics/Adobe Analytics.
We use Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about the use of the Services report on activities and trends. These services may also collect information about the use of other websites, apps, and online services. You can learn about Google's practices, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. Learn about Adobe's practices here.
Please note that opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising, and that you will continue to receive generic ads while online. Your opt-out choices are browser and device specific; if you disable your cookies, upgrade your browser after opting out or if you use multiple different devices, please opt-out on each device and each browser separately.
4. Your Choices and Opt Out Rights
Marketing Messages from Us.
We may provide you with the option to update your information or to opt out of marketing communications through the profile and/or preferences section of your account. In addition, you may opt-out of marketing communications as set forth below.
Email.
You may unsubscribe from marketing emails we send you through the opt-out mechanism included in each such email. Note, however, that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your use of the Services, notices of changes to this Privacy Policy or other terms, or similar administrative and transactional messages. Such messages will be unaffected by any choice to opt out of marketing communications.
Text Messages.
If you sign up to receive SMS, MMS or RCS messages from one or more of our Services, you may unsubscribe by replying “STOP” to the short code.
Push Notifications.
We may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device, and may in some cases do so based on your device’s location or physical proximity to a beacon. You can elect to stop receiving those messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Data Privacy Choices.
Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising
- Chegg engages in online advertising practices (and certain analytics or similar activities) that may be considered “targeted advertising” under certain laws. To disable sharing through cookies set by third parties that may be considered targeted advertising under such laws, Chegg uses the OneTrust cookie manager to permit you to adjust your cookie settings. To access the cookie manager, use the link in the footer, or depending on your location, the persistent cookie icon on our webpage. To opt out of other forms of processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, please complete this
form.
Please also review the Third Party Advertising and Analytics section above for information on industry tools and device settings that may be available to you.
Access Your Information
– To confirm whether we are processing your personal data and request to access such data (to the extent feasible, in a readily usable format to allow data portability), please complete this
form.
Delete Your Information
– To delete your personal data, please complete this
form.
Correct Your Information
– To correct the personal data we hold about you, please complete this
form.
State-Specific Rights.
Residents of certain U.S. states may have the ability to exercise additional rights and choices regarding their personal data.  We will take reasonable steps to accommodate your request, but may need to verify your identity before doing so. If you are a resident of a U.S. state with specific rights, please see additional information below.
California.
If you are a California resident, please see our
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
for additional information about your privacy rights and how to exercise them.
Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia.
We set forth above the categories of personal data we process, the purpose for processing personal data, the categories of personal data shared, and the categories of third parties with whom personal data is shared. Residents of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah have certain privacy rights with respect to this data, as described below.  If you are a Consumer residing in one these states (as defined in each state’s respective law) and would like to exercise your rights pursuant to the applicable law and any implementing regulations adopted thereunder, please complete the appropriate form below.
Sensitive Data
– If you are a Virginia, Colorado, or Connecticut resident, to the extent Chegg processes sensitive data, we will obtain your consent to the processing of any Sensitive Data (as defined by the applicable state law) we collect.  If you are a resident of Utah, to the extent Chegg processes sensitive data, we will notify you at or before the time of collection of Sensitive Data (as defined by Utah law) and an opportunity to opt out. If you wish to opt out of our processing of your Sensitive Data (as defined by the applicable state law), please email us at
privacy@chegg.com
.
Opt-Out of Sales of Your Personal Data
(CO, CT) – If you are a Colorado or Connecticut resident and would like to opt out of the sale of your personal data, please complete this
form.
Chegg does not sell personal data to third parties for monetary compensation, as defined by the VCDPA and UCPA and therefore does not offer this opt-out right to residents of Virginia or Utah.
Right to Appeal
(CO, CT, VA Residents) - If, for any reason, you would like to appeal our decision relating to your request and you are a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia, you have the right to submit an appeal and can do so by emailing us at
privacy@chegg.com
or following the instructions contained in the communication of our initial decision relating to your request. Please include your full name, the basis for your appeal, and any additional information to consider.
Nevada.
If you are a Nevada resident please note that we do not sell your personal data (or “covered information”) as defined in Nevada S.B. 220. However, if you are a Nevada resident, you may still submit an opt-out request, and if our practices were to change in the future, we would honor your request. Your request to opt out of the sale of your covered information must be submitted to Chegg, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team, 3990 Freedom Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054 USA.  Your request must include your full name, street address, city, state, zip code, and a valid email address so that we can contact you if needed regarding your request. If you previously provided a phone number, including it will assist us in making sure we identify you as someone who wants to opt out. You may be required to take reasonable steps as we determine from time to time to verify your identity and/or the authenticity of your request.
5. Security
Chegg takes commercially reasonable steps designed to secure your personal data; however no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission, or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Chegg cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information we collect. You use the Services and provide us your information at your own risk.
6. Third Party Content and Links
The Services may contain content that is served by someone else or links to third-party content or websites. Chegg does not control this content or these sites. The third-party operators and content providers use their own cookies or other tracking technologies, and they may independently collect information from or about you.  Chegg is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party.
7. Consent to Transfer
Chegg is based in the United States. Please be aware that your connection will be through and to servers located in the U.S. and other countries. By using the Services or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information in the United States and in other jurisdictions, for which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. As a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States and other countries according to the laws in those jurisdictions. Your information will also be disclosed to third parties as described in the “Information We Collect and How We Use and Disclose It” section above.
8. General Audience Sites
The Services are not intended for use by individuals younger than 13. We do not knowingly collect personal data from individuals younger than the age of 13.
9. Changes to This Privacy Policy
To the extent allowed by applicable law, we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. The date at the top of this Privacy Policy will tell you when the most recent changes were made. We may also provide notice to you in other ways, such as through contact information you have provided. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy will constitute your consent to those changes to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. However, we will provide notice and obtain your consent (opt-in or opt-out) if required. Note that you may no longer be able to use certain or any features of the Services if you do not consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an email to:
privacy@chegg.com
.
You may also contact us at Chegg, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team, 3990 Freedom Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054 USA.
The information you provide is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. We may also file your comments and share them with our consumer care team to improve our service in the future. If you still have questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please write us at:
We would appreciate the opportunity to address your questions, comments and concerns directly via the contact information above. However, depending on your location, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
11. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This California Privacy Notice sets forth the disclosures and rights for California Consumers regarding their Personal Information, as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CPRA"), and any implementing regulations adopted thereunder. Terms (including defined capitalized terms) used in this California Privacy Notice have the same meanings given in the CCPA and CPRA and the associated regulations, unless otherwise defined.
EXERCISING YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTS
California Consumers have the right to request: (1) that we disclose to you what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, including the right to request that we provide to you the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you ("Right to Know"); (2) that we delete the Personal Information we collect about you ("Right to Delete"); (3) that we correct inaccurate Personal Information we hold about you (“Right to Correct”), (4) to opt-out from the sharing of your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising (i.e., targeted advertising) (“Right to Opt-Out of Sharing”), (5) to opt-out from the sale of their Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information (“Right to Opt-Out of Sale”), and (6) that we limit the use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information to purposes set forth in the statute, including that use which is necessary and anticipated to perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services (“Right to Limit The Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information”), all subject to the meanings and exceptions set forth in the CCPA and CPRA. More information on each of these rights is below.
In your request, you must provide enough information to allow us to verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information, or their authorized representative. You must also describe your request with enough detail so that we can understand, evaluate and respond to it. We can’t respond to your request if we can’t verify your identity. Making such a request does not require you to create an account with us, and we will only use the information you provide in a request to verify your identity.
Verifying Your Requests
We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity based upon the information you provide and the type of request you are making.
When you exercise your Right to Know, Right to Delete, and/or Right to Correct, we may ask that you provide us with information, beyond your full name, in order to verify your identity and fulfill your request. If we are unable to verify that the individual submitting the request is the same individual about whom we have collected information (or someone authorized by that individual to act on their behalf), we will not be able to process the request. Pursuant to the CPRA, we will not require you to verify your identity, beyond asking for the information necessary to complete your request, when you exercise your Right to Opt-Out of Sharing, Right to Opt-Out of Sale, or Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
Agents
If you are an authorized representative submitting a request on a user’s behalf, please email your request to
privacy@chegg.com
per the instructions below. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child. We will follow up to request a signed, written permission signed by the individual who is the subject of the request authorizing you to make the request on their behalf. The written permission must state your full legal name, the full legal name of the individual who is the subject of the request and needs to be clear about the permission granted. Alternatively, you may, but are not required, to submit a copy of a power of attorney under Probate Code sections 4000-4465. In either case, please also indicate in your email the nature of your request. The consumer’s identity, in addition to your own, will need to be independently verified in order for us to be able to fulfill your request. We may also ask the consumer to directly confirm with us that they provided you permission to submit a request. Please keep in mind that if we do not receive adequate proof that you are authorized to act on the consumer’s behalf, we may deny the request.
Right to Know
California Consumers have the right to know what information we have collected about you (the categories and the specific pieces of information).
If you are a California Consumer and would like to exercise your Right to Know, please submit your request here.
In order to have us provide specific pieces of information, we will require a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose Personal Information is the subject of the request.
Right to Delete
California Consumers have the right to request that we delete information we have collected from you. If you are a California Consumer and would like to exercise your Right to Delete, please submit your request here.
Please note that as part of the verification process, once you submit a request to delete, we may follow up and require you to confirm that you want your information deleted.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Information
California Consumers have the right to request that we correct inaccurate information we hold about you. If you are a California Consumer and would like to exercise your Right to Correct, please submit your request here.
Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
As disclosed in the chart below, we may collect certain information which is considered Sensitive Personal Information under California law. This includes race and gender identity. Under the CPRA Regulations, a business must provide the Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information only when its use does not fall within the list of exceptions outlined in Sec. 7027(m). Chegg’s use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information falls within this list of exemptions and we therefore do not offer an opt-out right at this time.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
California Consumers have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information. Chegg does not sell Personal Information for monetary compensation.
California Consumers also have the right to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising (i.e., targeted advertising), whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration. If you are a California Consumer and would like exercise your Right to Opt-Out of “Sales” or “Sharing” for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising, please submit your request here.
Cookie-Based Opt-Outs for Do Not Sell My Personal Information or Share for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
Chegg engages in online advertising practices (and certain analytics or similar activities), which may be considered a “sale” or “share” for cross-context behavioral advertising under the CCPA and CPRA. To opt out of cookies set by 3rd parties that may be considered "sales" or “sharing” under the CCPA and CPRA, please use the footer titled: “DO NOT SELL MY INFO” at the bottom of this webpage.
In addition, the Digital Advertising Alliance offers tools for California consumers to send requests under the CCPA and CPRA to opt out of the sale of personal information by some or all of the participating companies. For more information, please visit:
https://www.privacyrights.info/.
Data Retention
We will retain all categories of personal information described in this California Privacy Notice for as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this California Privacy Notice, considering the time period reasonably necessary to: provide our Services to you; fulfill and honor the choices and rights you have requested; comply with our contractual obligations; enforce our Terms of Use for the Services; and comply with legal and regulatory requirements. Except as noted differently within our Services, we retain your personal information while you have an account with us, or while you are using our Services or continuing to visit us.
Notice of Financial Incentive
Under California regulation, certain aspects of our programs, which provide benefits to consumers, may be considered a financial incentive program. We collect personal information from you, such as your contact information (e.g., phone number or email address) to provide the benefits to you, to better serve you, and to fulfill your requests associated with the program.  To opt into the programs, you may need to provide certain information and agree to applicable program terms.  Please see the terms of the program you are joining for additional description of the program and any additional requirements.  Participation in these programs is voluntary, and you can withdraw at any time.  To the extent that we provide programs that may be considered a financial incentive because the program is directly or reasonably related to the collection, deletion or retention of consumer personal information, the value is reasonably related to the overall value we receive from the personal information participants provide specific to the program minus the costs and expenses we incur in providing the program.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
California consumers have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising CCPA and CPRA rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA and CPRA rights.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The Personal Information we collect about you will depend upon how you use the Services or otherwise interact with us. Accordingly, we may not collect all of the below information about you.
In addition to the below, we may collect and/or use additional types of information and will do so after providing notice to you and obtaining your consent to the extent such notice and consent is required by the CCPA and CPRA.
Category of Personal Information Collected: Identifiers
(such as name, address, telephone number, email address, IP address, or account name)
Categories of Sources from which the Information was Collected. We may collect this type of information from:
You
Affiliated Companies
Third parties we partner with to offer services
Third party financial assistance partners
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Third party social media companies
Third party business partners
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for which Information is Collected. We may use this type of information to:
Provide the Services and allow you to participate in features we offer
Recognize you across devices
Identify your preferences and tailor content recommendations and offers we display to you
Process your transactions
Verify your identity
Investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies
Improve our Services and marketing endeavors
Contact you regarding your use of the Services, and in our discretion, changes to our policies
Facilitate your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports
Comply with the law and protecting the safety, rights, property, or security of Chegg, the Services, consumers, and the general public
For internal business purposes
For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose. We may disclose this type of information to:
Instructors
Other Users
Affiliated Companies
Service Providers
Third parties we partner with to offer services
Third party financial assistance partners
Third parties whose features are integrated into the Services, such as social media companies
Third parties with whom we have joint marketing and similar arrangements
Third parties we partner with for contests, sweepstakes, or promotions
Third party advertising and analytics companies
Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or otherwise ownership transition
Other third parties (including government agencies) as required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders)
Third parties when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them
Categories of Third Parties to Whom this Type of Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
Third party advertising, analytics, and other marketing business partners may have access to this data through cookies and similar technologies, and this may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA and CPRA under certain circumstances.
Category of Personal Information Collected: Any categories of Personal Information described in subdivision (v) of Section 1798.140
(such as name, address, or telephone number)
Categories of Sources from which the Information was Collected. We may collect this type of information from:
You
Affiliated Companies
Third parties we partner with to offer services
Third party financial assistance partners
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Third party social media companies
Third party business partners
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for which Information is Collected. We may use this type of information to:
Provide the Services and allow you to participate in features we offer
Recognize you across devices
Identify your preferences and tailor content recommendations and offers we display to you
Process your transactions
Verify your identity
Investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies
Improve our Services and marketing endeavors
Contact you regarding your use of the Services, and in our discretion, changes to our policies
Facilitate your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports
Comply with the law and protecting the safety, rights, property, or security of Chegg, the Services, consumers, and the general public
For internal business purposes
For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose. We may disclose this type of information to:
Instructors
Other Users
Affiliated Companies
Service Providers
Third parties we partner with to offer services
Third party financial assistance partners
Third parties whose features are integrated into the Services, such as social media companies
Third parties with whom we have joint marketing and similar arrangements
Third parties we partner with for contests, sweepstakes, or promotions
Third party advertising and analytics companies
Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or otherwise ownership transition
Other third parties (including government agencies) as required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders)
Third parties when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them
Categories of Third Parties to Whom this Type of Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
Third party advertising, analytics, and other marketing business partners may have access to this data through cookies and similar technologies, and this may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA and CPRA under certain circumstances.
Category of Personal Information Collected: Protected classification characteristics
(such as race, age and gender)
Categories of Sources from which the Information was Collected. We may collect this type of information from:
You
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for which Information is Collected. We may use this type of information to:
Provide the Services and allow you to participate in features we offer
Identify your preferences and tailor content recommendations and offers we display to you
Investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies
Improve our Services and marketing endeavors
Facilitate your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports
Comply with the law and protect the safety, rights, property, or security of Chegg, the Services, consumers, and the general public
For internal business purposes
AFor other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose. We may disclose this type of information to:
Instructors
Other users
Third party service providers
Affiliated Companies
Third parties whose features are integrated with the Services, such as social media companies
Third party advertising and analytics companies
Third parties with whom we have joint marketing and similar arrangements
Law enforcement, government entities, or others if required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders)
Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition, or other ownership transition;
Third parties when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them
Categories of Third Parties to Whom this Type of Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
Third party advertising, analytics, and other marketing business partners may have access to this data through cookies and similar technologies, and this may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA and CPRA under certain circumstances.
Category of Personal Information Collected: Commercial information (such as what you purchase or consider purchasing and other requests you make)
Categories of Sources from which the Information was Collected. We may collect this type of information from:
You
Affiliated Companies
Third parties we partner with to offer services
Third party financial assistance partners
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Third party social media companies
Third party business partners
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for which Information is Collected. We may use this type of information to:
Provide the Services and allow you to participate in features we offer
Identify your preferences and tailor content recommendations and offers we display to you
Process your transactions
Verify your identity
Investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies
Improve our Services and marketing endeavors
Comply with the law and protecting the safety, rights, property, or security of Chegg, the Services, consumers, and the general public
For internal business purposes
For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose. We may disclose this type of information to:
Affiliated Companies
Service Providers
Third parties we partner with to offer services
Third parties whose features are integrated into the Services, such as social media companies
Third parties with whom we have joint marketing and similar arrangements
Third party advertising and analytics companies
Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or otherwise ownership transition
Other third parties (including government agencies) as required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders)
Third parties when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them
Categories of Third Parties to Whom this Type of Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
Third party advertising, analytics, and other marketing business partners may have access to this data through cookies and similar technologies, and this may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA and CPRA under certain circumstances
Category of Personal Information Collected: Internet or other electronic network activity information
(such as browsing history, buttons you click, and pages you visit on our Services)
Categories of Sources from which the Information was Collected. We may collect this type of information from:
You
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Third party social media companies
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for which Information is Collected. We may use this type of information to:
Provide the Services and allow you to participate in features we offer
Recognize you across devices
Identify your preferences and tailor content recommendations and offers we display to you
Process your transactions
Provide information on products/services we think you may be interested in
Verify your identity
Investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies
Improve our Services and marketing endeavors
Contact you regarding your use of the services and, in our discretion, changes to our policies
Comply with the law and protecting the safety, rights, property, or security of Chegg, the Services, consumers, and the general public
For internal business purposes
For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose. We may disclose this type of information to:
Affiliated Companies
Service Providers
Third parties whose features are integrated into the Services, such as social media companies
Third parties with whom we have joint marketing and similar arrangements
Third party advertising and analytics companies
Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or otherwise ownership transition
Other third parties (including government agencies) as required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders)
Third parties when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them
Categories of Third Parties to Whom this Type of Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
Third party advertising, analytics, and other marketing business partners may have access to this data through cookies and similar technologies, and this may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA and CPRA under certain circumstances.
Category of Personal Information Collected: Sensory data
(such as audio, video, or pictorial information)
Categories of Sources from which the Information was Collected. We may collect this type of information from:
You
Service providers
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for which Information is Collected. We may use this type of information to:
Provide the Services and allow you to participate in features we offer
Verify your identity
Facilitate your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports
Investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies
Comply with the law and protecting the safety, rights, property, or security of Chegg, the Services, consumers, and the general public
For internal business purposes
For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose. We may disclose this type of information to:
Instructors
Other users
Affiliated Companies
Service Providers
Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or other ownership transition
Other third parties (including government agencies) as required by law or in connection with court proceedings
Third parties when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them
Categories of Third Parties to Whom this Type of Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
We do not “sell” or “share” this information with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising (i.e. targeted advertising).
Category of Personal Information Collected: Professional or employment-related information
Categories of Sources from which the Information was Collected. We may collect this type of information from:
You
Third party social media companies
Service providers
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for which Information is Collected. We may use this type of information to:
Provide the Services and allow you to participate in features we offer
Identify your preferences and tailor content recommendations and offers we display to you
Verify your identity
Investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies
Improve our Services and marketing endeavors
Contact you regarding your use of the Services, and in our discretion, changes to our policies
Facilitate your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports
Comply with the law and protecting the safety, rights, property, or security of Chegg, the Services, consumers, and the general public
For internal business purposes
For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose. We may disclose this type of information to:
Instructors
Other Users
Affiliated Companies
Service Providers
Third parties we partner with to offer services
Third party financial assistance partners
Third parties whose features are integrated into the Services, such as social media companies
Third parties we partner with for contests, sweepstakes, or promotions
Third party advertising and analytics companies
Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or otherwise ownership transition
Other third parties (including government agencies) as required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders)
Third parties when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them
Categories of Third Parties to Whom this Type of Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
We do not “sell” or “share” this information with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising (i.e. targeted advertising).
Category of Personal Information Collected: Education Information
Categories of Sources from which the Information was Collected. We may collect this type of information from:
You
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for which Information is Collected. We may use this type of information to:
Provide the Services and allow you to participate in features we offer
Identify your preferences and tailor content recommendations and offers we display to you
Facilitate your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports
Investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies
Improve our Services and marketing endeavors
Comply with the law and protecting the safety, rights, property, or security of Chegg, the Services, consumers, and the general public
For internal business purposes
For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose. We may disclose this type of information to:
Instructors
Other Users
Affiliated Companies
Service Providers
Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or other ownership transition
Other third parties (including government agencies) as required by law or in connection with court proceedings
Third parties when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them
Categories of Third Parties to Whom this Type of Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
We do not “sell” or “share” this information with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising (i.e. targeted advertising).
Category of Personal Information Collected: Inferences drawn from other personal information
(such as preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behaviors)
Categories of Sources from which the Information was Collected. We may collect this type of information from:
You
Tracking Technologies
Third party social media companies
Third party business partners
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for which Information is Collected. We may use this type of information to:
Provide the Services and allow you to participate in features we offer
Identify your preferences and tailor content recommendations and offers we display to you
Investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities or activities that violate our policies
Improve our Services and marketing endeavors
Comply with the law and protecting the safety, rights, property, or security of Chegg, the Services, consumers, and the general public
For internal business purposes
For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose. We may disclose this type of information to:
Affiliated Companies
Service Providers
Third party advertising and analytics companies
Third parties whose features are integrated into the Services, such as social media companies
Third parties with whom we have joint marketing and similar arrangements
Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or other ownership transition
Other third parties (including government agencies) as required by law or in connection with court proceedings
Third parties when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them
Categories of Third Parties to Whom this Type of Personal Information is Sold or Shared for Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising
Third party advertising, analytics, and other marketing business partners may have access to this data through cookies and similar technologies, and this may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA and CPRA under certain circumstances
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
Chegg, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Team
3990 Freedom Circle
Santa Clara, CA 95054
privacy@chegg.com
Other California Rights
California residents have the right to request from companies conducting business in California certain information relating to third parties to which the company has disclosed certain categories of personal information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that a company may comply, as Chegg does, by disclosing in its privacy policy that it provides consumers choice (opt-out or opt-in) regarding sharing personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and information on how to exercise that choice. Chegg will provide you choice prior to sharing your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you do not opt-in or if you choose to opt-out at the time Chegg offers that choice, we will not share your personal information with that third party for its direct marketing purposes.
California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing
privacy@chegg.com
or writing to us at Chegg, Inc., Attn: Privacy Team, 3990 Freedom Circle, Santa Clara, California 95054. You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field of your email or in the address line of your envelope. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
About
Examples
Worksheet
Glossary
Affiliates
Careers
Press
Privacy
Terms
(
Premium
)
Contact
DO NOT SELL MY INFO
Mathway © 2023
Mathway requires javascript and a modern browser.
Cookies & Privacy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
More Information
Please ensure that your password is at least 8 characters and contains each of the following:
a number
a letter
a special character: @$#!%*?&