Leo Legaltech Limited - Privacy Policy
Home
Our Apps
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
Your privacy is important to us. It is Leo Translate App’s policy to respect your privacy and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal information we may collect about you, including across our website, www.leolegaltech.com, and other sites we own and operate.
This policy is effective as of 24 June 2021 and was last updated on 15 Nov 2021.
Information We Collect
Information we collect includes both information you knowingly and actively provide us when using or participating in any of our services and promotions, and any information automatically sent by your devices in the course of accessing our products and services.
Log Data
When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. It may include your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, other details about your visit, and technical details that occur in conjunction with any errors you may encounter.
Please be aware that while this information may not be personally identified by itself, it may be possible to combine it with other data to personally identify individual persons.
Google API Disclosure
Leo Mailbox's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements
Personal Data
Personal data refers to personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address). We do NOT collect, store or use any of your Personal Data.
If you contact us by email, then we will use your email address only for the purpose of contacting you. This will be only in response to a communication from you.
User Entered Data
All data entered into the applications by you remain on your device. We never pass this data and we never use it.
Device Data
Non-personal data refers to information that, by itself, does not personally identify you. We may collect non-personal data such as your device model number, operating system version, country code, and other properties for purpose of managing the applications.
                                We use third-party analytics services to help anonymously monitor app usage and identify potential issues. This is purely a means to help us improve the
Children’s Privacy
We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13.
Limits of Our Policy
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Changes to This Policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here at the same link by which you are accessing this privacy policy.
If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt-out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information.
Contact Us
For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following details:
Leo Legaltech Limited
monetizationteam@leolegaltech.com
Leo Legaltech Limited is a great team of innovative people who want to build great products with technical genius and passionate creativity. Our mission is to build a mobile world to help people navigating and connecting around the world.
monetizationteam@leolegaltech.com
U.K.
Explore
Home
Our Apps
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
© copyright
by
Leo Legal Tech