AmpowerApps - PrivacyPolicy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
AmpowerApps
Home
PrivacyPolicy
Terms and Conditions
AmpowerApps
Home
PrivacyPolicy
Terms and Conditions
More
Home
PrivacyPolicy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors/users(User/You/Your) regarding our policies with the collection, use, sharing and disclosure of User information of anyone who choose to use Apps owned by Ampower(We/Us/Our).
If You choose to access and/or use Our Apps, then you agree/consent to the collection and use of User information as described in this policy.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update/modify Our Privacy Policy from time to time at any time without notice. Changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. Your access and use of the App following any such change constitutes your agreement/consent to this Policy thus, you are advised to review this Privacy Policy each time You access and use the Apps.
Information Collection and Use
The User Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the user experience. We will not use or share User information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers
We may use services of third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Apps Services.
To distribute and provide the Apps.
To perform App services like Advertisement etc.
To perform Analytics.
We want to inform users of these Apps  that these third parties may collect and use  User Information. However, they are obligated to use the information as mentioned in their respective Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Usage.
The app does use third party services that may collect User information  to identify You. Please refer to respective third-party Privacy Policy and Terms before using the Apps.
Link to privacy policy and  T & C  of third party service providers used by the Apps;
Google Privacy Policy
Google Terms
Google Apps
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Apps, in a case of an error in the Apps we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This App Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse  cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this App Service.
Links to Other Sites
This App Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and Cookies
of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Some Of the Mobile Permissions Required by Apps
Send, Receive and Read SMS
This allows app to provide you with information like PF balance, Bank Balance etc through secure SMS from respective authorised entities.
Call Phone
This allows app automatic calling to official service phone numbers to provide users with smooth experience.
Internet
This allows app to provide a smooth experience accessing third party websites to provide you officail information.
Storage
This allows app to locally store some data when you are using the app.
Bluetoooth
This allows app to connect to other devices to provide you desired App Services.
Disclaimer
These Apps are not an official app of any private or Government entity. References to entities like EPFO or Banks etc in these apps does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by any entity. Their use in the app are solely meant for information of services provided by them. The Apps merely facilitate to use services provided by the entity for public use. The links to websites provided are only for convenience of the user and the App is not responsible for any website.
The information provided in app though is compiled with utmost care, the app cannot guarantee that this information is and stays 100% accurate. We therefore reserve all rights of app and accept no liability for any kind of damage directly or indirectly that can come from the use or not able to use the information and functionality provided by app.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do contact us at ampower7216@gmail.com
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse