Hip-Hop Drum Pads Guru Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Drum Pads Guru (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by
Chebdev
.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We obtain certain information about your computing device, including:
Type of mobile device;
Operating System;
Email address;
Country code;
IDFAs, Advertising IDs;
Language; Locale (specific location where a given language is spoken);
Time zone, session start/stop time;
Push notifications token;
Player identifier string (we collect player identifier string only upon your sign in o Google Play Games Services)
Information about the way you use the Application
Although some of this information (such as IDFA, IDFV, Advertising ID) may uniquely identify your device, this information does not identify you personally.
We do not collect any of your Personal Information such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, telephone, fax, SSN. You can use third party login systems such as Google+  to register in the app. What is saved is the identification number from such systems without any of your personal information (name, email or telephone).
You can send us email directly from the app or via email. We will only use this contact information you provide to us (for example, your name and email address) for the purpose for which you provided it to us. We will not share this data with third parties.
If you wish to delete your contact information that we received upon your specific email inquiry, please send an e-mail to chebdev@gmail.com and your e-mail will be deleted.
IN-APP PURCHASES
Our Applications enable in-app purchases.
All of our Applications are free, but they include in-app purchases. In-app purchases may be made only upon entering the Google Play store password and you are responsible for maintaining the security of such password. Your authentication and security maintaining is subject to specific terms of the app store and the OS of your mobile device.
CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy
here
and
informing you via email or text message
. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deeme
CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
chebdev@gmail.com
.
Updated March 2017