Trang chủ
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Launcher iOS Team - Privacy Policy
LAUNCHER IOS TEAM'S STATEMENT OF PRIVACY PROTECTION
Launcher iOS Team attaches great importance to protecting your privacy. Before using the services or apps provided by Launcher iOS Team, please read carefully the following statements.
In order to provide more accurate and well-targeted services, Launcher iOS Team may use personal information submitted by you in the manners mentioned below; nevertheless, Launcher iOS Team will treat such information with a high-level duty of diligence. Without your permission, Launcher iOS Team will not disclose such information or provide such information to any third party.
Protecting YOUR Privacy
It is Launcher iOS Team's principle to respect the privacy of the personal information of our users. Launcher iOS Team will take reasonable measures to protect user's personal information, without disclosing such information to any third party other than its Partners (without the consent of the user), unless such disclosure is required by law, court order or competent government departments or agreed to by the user. Exceptions will be applied if the user selects to accept such disclosures during the registration process (where applicable), or is otherwise stipulated on the disclosure or use of a user's personal information between the user and Launcher iOS Team and its Partners. The user shall bear any risks that may arise from any authorized disclosure of a user's personal information. For the operation and improvement of Launcher iOS Team's technologies and services, Launcher iOS Team may collect and use the non-personal information of its users, or provide such information to third parties, in order to provide better user experience and improve the quality of our services.
Collection of Information
Launcher iOS Team may collect your personal information when you voluntarily opt to use our services, apps or provide us with your personal information. We may use your personal information to communicate with you, and may send certain mandatory service communications to you, such as notification, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Launcher iOS Team and its affiliates. Your download, installation and use of the software shall be deemed to constitute consent to our use of your personal information. In addition, your download, installation and use of products/service from Launcher iOS Team and its affiliates, shall be deemed that you have expressly provided your consent to Launcher iOS Team for disclosure of personal information to Launcher iOS Team's partners and/or affiliates "Partners").
Permission
This app uses the Device Administrator permission.
- Permission
android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
and
android.permission.PHONE_CALL
only read favorite contacts for user quickly to dialer.
- Permission
android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
only listen location of device to weather forecast function.
- Permission
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
only use for access device wallpaper to blur widget, folder, hotseat.
- We never publicly disclose any personal or sensitive user data related to financial or payment activities or any government identification numbers, photos and contacts, etc.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse