Privacy Policy Of Marrygold itel
Our Privacy Policy helps explain our data practices, including the information we process to provide our Services.
            For example, our Privacy Policy talks about what information we collect and how this affects you. It also explains the steps we take to protect your privacy.
i. Information that you provide us directly
Your Account Information.
You must provide your mobile phone number and basic information (including a profile name of your choice) to create a WhatsApp account. If you don’t provide us with this information, you will not be able to create an account to use our Services.
Your Messages.
We do not retain your messages in the ordinary course of providing our Services to you. Instead, your messages are stored on your device and not typically stored on our servers. Once your messages are delivered, they are deleted from our servers. The following scenarios describe circumstances where we may store your messages in the course of delivering them:
Your Connections.
You can use the contact upload feature and provide us, if permitted by applicable laws, with the phone numbers in your address book on a regular basis, including those of users of our Services and your other contacts. If any of your contacts aren’t yet using our Services, we’ll manage this information for you in a way that ensures those contacts cannot be identified by us. Learn more about our contact upload feature here. You can create, join, or get added to groups and broadcast lists, and such groups and lists get associated with your account information. You give your groups a name. You can provide a group profile picture or description.
Status Information.
You may provide us your status if you choose to include one on your account. Learn how to use status on Android, iPhone.
Customer Support And Other Communications.
When you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, you may provide us with information related to your use of our Services, including copies of your messages, any other information you deem helpful, and how to contact you (e.g., an email address). For example, you may send us an email with information relating to app performance or other issues.
ii.	What personal information of users do we collect?
we collect some personal information which includes Name, E-mail address, Contact Number. When you use our Mobile App, we collect and store information about your contact in Phone book if you give access of contact permission on your device.
            You need to allow Contact Access permission so that we can show contacts in app and find out common app users for interacting with them using free call and instant messaging. For Finding out common app users we shall upload your contacts to server.
What we do with the information collected?
The collected information serves the following purpose:
           To inform customers regarding any new updation in our product features.
Do we keep the information confidential?
Yes, we maintain the confidentiality of all information collected by us. We never share any information of service providers or end customers with any third-party organization.
Do we re-use or sell collected data?
No we never re-use any data that has been collected. We do not resell any of our database.
iii.Phone Book Contacts:
When you use our Mobile App, we collect and store information about your contact in Phone book if you give access of contact permission on your device. You need to allow Contact Access permission so that we can show contacts in app and find out common app users for interacting with them using free call and instant messaging. For Finding out common app users we shall upload your contacts to server.
How do we use it?
We display contact list in application from your phone book and give option to make call to that contact number.
vi.	App Side Change
We have implemented privacy policy from our app side in setting page So that any user can check how can we collect data and will share with him.
1. Sharing Your Information
We share certain information about you with the companies we engage to facilitate our Service, perform Service-related functions, and/or provide the Service on our behalf.
Transfer your information in the event that Marrygold itel  is involved in a merger, acquisition, divestiture, consolidation, reorganization, asset sale, or bankruptcy.
2. Security
Your account, registration information, and password are protected so that only you can access your account.
3. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may modify our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make changes, we will notify you by making the revised version available on this webpage, and will indicate at the top the date of the latest revision. You should check this Privacy Policy on a regular basis, since revised versions will be binding on you. Any such modifications will be effective when we post the updated Privacy Policy. You understand and agree that your continued access to our Service after any posted modification to the Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of those modifications.
4. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us online at
Contact ID: playstore@digitelecom.hk