Nice Ringtones
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Nice Ringtones
ppd
Privacy Policy
Nice Ringtones
Privacy Policy
Nice Ringtones Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of software applications for mobile devices and websites that were created by Nice Ringtones.
1, What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
We do not collect personally identifiable information from visitors or users. Any and all permissions are either for application performance or advertiser performance.
SET_WALLPAPER_HINTS: Allows the app to set the system wallpaper size hints.
SET_WALLPAPER: Allows the app to set the system wallpaper.
READ_CONTACTS: Allows the app to read data about your contacts stored on your phone, you can select your contacts phone number and set unique ringtone for your contacts.
WRITE_CONTACTS:  If you want to set unique ringtone for any person, this permission must be used.
WRITE_SETTINGS: Allows the app to modify the system's settings data. Such as you can set and change ringtones and wallpapers for your phone.
ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE: Detect the networking mode, avoid data transmission under abnormal network conditions, and save traffic and power.
ACCESS_WIFI_STATE: Obtain the WIFI mac address. On tablet devices or TV boxes, the device cannot be identified by IMEI. We will use the WIFI mac address as the user's unique identifier to provide statistical analysis services.
READ_PHONE_STATE: Obtain the IMEI of the user equipment, and uniquely identify the user through the IMEI in order to provide statistical analysis services.
INTERNET: Permission to allow the application to network and send statistical data for statistical analysis services.
2, When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you enter information (such as your email address) on our sites or in our mobile applications.
3,How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site & app features in the following ways:
A, To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
B, To improve our websites & mobile apps in order to better serve you.
C, To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
D, To make our applications can be used on your Android devices.
4, How do we protect visitor information?
Our websites are scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We do not use an SSL certificate, because: We only provide articles and information, we never ask for private information like credit card numbers.
5, Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, cookies are used to remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site / app activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
A, Keep track of advertisements.
B, Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site / app interactions in order to offer better site / app experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled and some of our services won't function properly.
6, Third party Ads
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our websites and apps. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites and apps. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our sites / apps and welcome any feedback about these sites / apps.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548…
We use Google AdSense / AdMob Advertising on our website and in our apps. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our sites and in apps. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites / apps and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. To understand how Google uses data when you use our apps and websites, please see more at
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
AdMob
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/6008942?rd=1
We have implemented the following: Demographics and Interests Reporting We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website. Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Umeng Analysis
https://developer.umeng.com/docs/147377/detail/210105
Our product integrates Umeng+SDK, Umeng+SDK needs to collect your device's Mac address, unique device identification code (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM card IMSI information) to provide statistical analysis services, and through Geographically calibrate the accuracy of report data and provide basic anti-fraud capabilities.
7, California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protecti…/…
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above. Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes: On our Privacy Policy Page. Users are able to change their personal information: By emailing us.
8, Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
9, Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our mobile applications and websites, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
binxijia@gmail.com
Last Edited on 20
22
-
05
-31
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse