Privacy Policy: PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Monday, 13 March 2017
PRIVACY POLICY
Softmate
(“Services”, “softmate”, "us," "we," or "our")
collects information from you in order to provide better services and a better
user experience. Your privacy is on top of all priorities to us, and this Privacy
Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.By installing
and using the apps, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and
informed consent to the processing. If you do not agree, please do not install
and use the apps.
Privacy Policy for
Mobile Applications
Non-personal
Data:
Non-personal data
means information that, by itself, does not personally identify you. We may
collect Non-personal data such as your device model number, operating system
version, country code and other properties for purposes of managing the apps
and communicating with you.
Ad
serving Technology:
We may disclose
Non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect
Non-personal data through their own embedded technology. In order to deliver
ads to you, the third-party advertising companies may place or recognize unique
cookies, anonymous identifiers or similar technology for non-personally
identifiable information. We use StartApp from startapp.com and Admob by Google
for advertisement purpose. If you would like more information, please follow
the link below:
AdMob by Google -
Google privacy
StartApp -
StartApp Policy
Location
Data:
Some of the apps may
request your Location data for a functional purpose. We may use various
technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based
data such as IP address. Your GPS Geo-location is not accessed without your
consent. We do NOT provide your Location data for advertising networks and
third parties. We do not even store your data.
Personal
Data:
Personal data means
personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an
individual (e.g. your name, email address). We never collect and / or store
Personal data.
T
hird
party terms and conditions
:
Please note that your
access to and use of the apps may be subject to certain third-party terms and
conditions and privacy policies. You recognize and agree that we is not liable
for any such third-party terms and conditions and any third party's use of your
Personal data.
Here are links to the privacy policies of a few of the
distributors we use:
Google -
Google privacy
StartApp -
StartApp Policy
Disclosure
and Transfer of Personal Data
:
We disclose
information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other legal processes as
well as to establish/exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We will share Personal data and Non-personal data in order to investigate,
prevent or take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential
threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or
as otherwise required by law.
Changes
to the Privacy Policy:
Softmate may, in its
sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all
changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be
stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically
.
R
ead
Phone State Permission:
We need this
permission because the some of our apps alert user. During the alert we don't
want to disturb Call in Progress.
Disclaimers:
softmate will
not assume any responsibility for any of your personal information that is
disclosed for your own reasons (for example, when you voluntarily disclose to
other people your password or when you share your account with other people).
softmate
assumes no responsibility for any personal information that is lost, disclosed,
or falsified due to forces beyond softmate,s control, including but not limited
to events that may affect normal network operations, such as hacker attack,
intrusion or attack of computer virus and temporary closure of websites due to
government regulations or actions.
softmate
assumes no responsibility when it or a third party uses your personal
information in accordance with provisions of relevant laws or regulations or
this privacy policy.
Contact
u
s:
If you have any
suggestions, feedback or requests, please email us at
waqasfrazkhan123@gmail.com
Posted by
Unknown
at
09:34
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
No comments:
Post a Comment
Home
Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)
About Me
Unknown
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
▼
2017
(1)
▼
March
(1)
PRIVACY POLICY
Picture Window theme. Powered by
Blogger
.