Community Matrimony, Matrimony, Indian Matrimony
Community
Matrimony.com
From Matrimony.com Group
Keep me logged in
Forgot Password?
Community
Matrimony
Login
Home
Register
Upgrade
Take a Tour
Mobile
Are you sure you want to delete this Saved Search?
Privacy Policy
Communitymatrimony.com, is an online matrimonial portal endeavoring constantly to provide you with premium matrimonial services. Since we are strongly committed to your right to privacy, we have drawn out a privacy statement with regard to the information we collect from you.
We use a secure server for credit card transactions to protect the credit card information of our clients and Cookies are used to store the login information.
What information you need to give in to use these sites?
We gather information from members and guests who apply for the various services our site offers. It includes, but may not be limited to, email address, first name, last name, a user-specified password, mailing address, zip code and telephone number or fax number.
If you establish a credit account with us to pay the fees we charge, we collect some additional information, including billing address, credit card number , credit card expiration date and tracking information from checks or money orders.
How the site uses the information it collects/tracks?
Communitymatrimony.com collects information from its clients primarily to ensure that we are able to fulfill your requirements and to deliver Personalised experience.
With whom the site shares the information it collects/tracks?
The information collected from our clients will not be shared with any individual or organization without the client's approval.
Communitymatrimony.com does not sell, rent, or loan any identifiable information at the individual level, regarding its customers to any third party. Any information you give to us is held with utmost care and security. We are also bound to cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or legal process to provide information about a customer.
Do all visitors have to pay?
NO. All visitors to our site may browse the site, search the ads and features of our sites has to offer without providing / entering any personal information or paying money. However, Paid members enjoy certain privileges which is mentioned elsewhere in the site.
Can users contact any number of profiles in a single day?
As a paid member of this site, you have the privilege to contact hundreds of profiles in a single day. However, there is a specified limit to 100 contacts for security reasons per day . If you want to contact more profiles than the specified limit in a single day, he/she can do so after the completion of 12 hours of their login time.
Notice
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time based on feedback from clients  or as a result of a change of policy in our company.
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please write in to
privacy@communitymatrimony.com
About Us
CommunityMatrimony.com is the only portal in the history of online matrimony to provide matrimony services solely based on community. It has dedicated approximately 300+ portals for various communities across the globe..
more »
Our Other Services
EliteMatrimony.com
Mandap.com
WeddingBazaar.com
Help & Support
24x7 Live help
Contact us
Feedback
FAQs
Quick Links
Safe Matrimony
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Copyright © 2023. All rights reserved.
This website is strictly for matrimonial purpose only and not a dating website
Congrats!
You are now a Platinum member
Send Unlimited Personalized Messages
Get 100 Free AstroMatches
Chat with Prospects Directly
Unlimited Contact Views*
Receive personalized messages even from free members
Get Started
WhatsApp your photos to us!
Take photo of
yourself
1
Add
+91 8695922899
to your contact list
2
Send your photos
with Matrimony Id
through WhatsApp!
3