Karaoke Online - Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Karaoke Online
Home
Privacy Policy
Karaoke Online
Privacy Policy
This document applies to Karaoke Online : Sing & Record, the mobile app developed by Aloha Std. We've tried to keep text simple, so we hope you will take a time to read it carefully.
Personal information
We made Karaoke Online : Sing & Record with your privacy in mind, so we do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number, email address or precise geographic location.
Usage analytics
We would like to make out product more useful for you, so we added Firebase Analytics to the Karaoke Online : Sing & Record app. It collects user behavior information in an anonymous form and transmits it to Google's Firebase servers. That means only usage data is collected, no personally identifiable information. Then we can use Firebase Analytics to create reports of how our App being used. For example, a percentage of users that use certain features, or most popular Android versions and screen sizes among our users. We use these reports to understand how to spend our development resources more efficiently and make our App better. Note that we might share these reports with third parties. To learn more check out
Google's privacy policy
.
Advertising
We use ads to keep Karaoke Online : Sing & Record free for you. All ads in our App served by
Applovin
network.
Applovin
may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize advertising in our app and in other sites and apps. To do that
Applovin
using unique user-resettable Advertising ID, provided by Google Play services. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. To learn more about
Applovin
privacy policies and opt-out choices check out
Applovin's privacy policy
.
Changes
We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact via email lta1292@gmail.com.
Copyright and License
YouTube API
Karaoke Online : Sing & Record is a third-party software compliant with the
YouTube API Terms of Service
, and all videos are played via YouTube’s official
Android API Player
. YouTube protects the rights of copyright owners through its
Content ID System
, and if there are any videos that may infringe upon anyone’s copyrights, the videos can be reported to YouTube using
Copyright Takedown Notices
.
All videos are provided by the public third-party media service YouTube. All trademarks and copyrights belong to their respective owners and are used here under the terms of Fair Use and the Digital Millennium Copyrights Act (DMCA). Since Karaoke Online simply links to content on their service via their 3rd Party Developer API, Karaoke Online does not have any direct control of their content. If there are any content that may infringe upon anyone's copyrights, the following link can be used to report the content:
http://www.youtube.com/t/dmca_policy
Please feel free to contact us at: lta1292@gmail.com for any further questions and information.
Terms of service
By using Karaoke Online : Sing & Record, you are agreeing to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service
.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse