Our Privacy and Policy - Vestige Marketing Pvt Ltd
English
English
Hindi (हिंदी)
Punjabi (ਪੰਜਾਬੀ)
Bengali (বাংলা)
login
home
Login
company
About Vestige
Management
Business Opportunity
Success Stories
products
Health Supplements
Ayurveda
Air Purifier
Water Purifier
Sharp Hair Dryer
Health Food
Home Care
Women Hygiene
Oral Care
Natural Personal Care
Premium Skin Care
Personal Care
Men's Grooming
Colour Cosmetics
Agri Products
Mach-Drive
Ornex
Business Tools
Brands
news
Gallery
schedule
Online Training Schedule
Training Request
Cnt Event Schedule
Vestige Initiation Programme (vip)
Vestige Leadership Conclave (vlc)
Vestige Leadership Conclave-2 (vlc-2)
Meet The Millionaire (mtm)
Personal Care & Mistral of Milan
Beauty & Makeup Workshop
Vestige Award Function (vaf)
Dale Carnegie
Healthcare
Agri Training
Anniversary Event
Special Training
branches
Vestige Branch
downloads
downloads
compliance-documents
career
Work Culture
Vestige Values
Competitive Compensation
Fun @Vestige
Vestige Heart to Heart
Employee Benefits Preposition
Current Openings
follow us on
login
distributor id
password
forgot password ?
our privacy and policy
Thank you for visiting www.myvestige.com. As used in this privacy statement, the terms “our”, ”we” and “us” refer to both Vestige and the distributor unless the context provides otherwise.
This privacy policy sets out how Vestige Marketing Pvt. Ltd. uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. Vestige is committed to ensuring that your privacy is always protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What Information We Collect and How We Use It
The information that we collect on our website comes under two general categories-
Personally Identifiable Information
Aggregate Information
1. Personally Identifiable Information
This refers to information that lets us know who you are or things specifically about you.
Distributors can upload their KYC document/s in either jpeg/jpg/png/gif or any other format via Vestige Mobile Application.
A. Visitors
You can browse our website without sharing any Personally Identifiable Information. If you want to register with us as a distributor or place an order, you may voluntarily provide your Personally Identifiable Information (name, address, email address or telephone number) to be shared with a registered Vestige distributor for the purpose of assisting you 
              with registration and order placement. We might also maintain a record of your contact information to help us provide better services in case you contact us again.
B. Ordering
When you place an order on our website, Personally Identifiable Information (such as name, contact info, order info, credit card and other transaction info) will be collected for the purpose of processing and delivering your order. We may also provide certain necessary order details to our shipping partners to complete the delivery of the order.
C. Credit Card Storage
The Credit Card Information collected for online shopping is used only to process payments for the orders and, is not retained on our website.The information is securely transmitted to the bank, and we store only the reference number and amount paid information provided by the bank.
D. Surveys and Promotions
You may voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information to participate in occasional surveys, user polls or to answer questionnaires. This information is used by us to better our products and services. We may also use this information to provide you marketing and promotional material. If you do not wish to receive any such material, you can adjust the setting for the same through a link provided in the email communication or send us an email at info@myvestige.com.
2. Aggregate Information
This refers to information that does not distinguish you as a particular individual. This information includes your browser and operating system type, your IP address, URL (Uniform Source Locator) of the website that directed you to our site and any search terms you enter on our site. Such information is aggregated by our web server to monitor the activities on the site and evaluate its performance. This helps us improve the features and functions on the website to provide you a satisfactory user experience. We might compile, publish, store, collect, promote, disclose or use any Aggregate Information. We generally do not correlate any Personally Identifiable Information with Aggregate Information. In case we do this, it will be protected as per the terms mentioned for Personally Identifiable Information in this Privacy Policy.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. It is your sole responsibility to safeguard the password created for your online account. In case you suspect that your password has been compromised, contact Vestige Marketing Pvt. Ltd as soon as possible. Since your Distributor ID and account password are specific to you, you take full responsibility for any and all activity conducted on our site with your ID and password.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. They also help online retailers to keep track of a user’s electronic shopping cart before completing a purchase. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. We have to use cookie-based authentication to identify you as a registered distributor or send cookies to your computer to support personalized features on our website like your country and language codes as well as shopping and browsing functions. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Use of Third-Party Media and Research Companies
We may use third-party media and research companies to place ads for us on websites of other parties. Our site may also run third-party ads for specific Merchants and Service Partners with whom we link.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Children’s Privacy Protection
Our website neither targets nor is intended for children below the age of 18. Personally Identifiable Information will not be collected from children on purpose and if we discover such data on our site, the same will be deleted.
Changes To This Statement
Please check frequently for any updates or changes in this privacy policy before using our website or submitting any Personally Identifiable Information at our site. By using our Site, you acknowledge acceptance of this Privacy Statement in effect at the time of use.
Controlling your Personally Identifiable Information
We try our best to ensure that the Personally Identifiable Information we collect on our site is current, accurate and complete. You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your Personally Identifiable Information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct    marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your Personally Identifiable Information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@myvestige.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
©
Vestige Marketing Private Limited | All rights reserved
Contact Us
Privacy & Security Policy
Registration Process
Shipping Policy
Cancellation/Refund Process
T&C
Branches
Delivery
Select Language
English
हिंदी
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
मराठी
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
മലയാളം
ಕನ್ನಡ
Forgot Password ?
Please Enter Your Distributor ID
Send
Cancel