PDF Viewer & Reader
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PDF Viewer & Reader
Privacy Policy
Easy Inc STATEMENT OF PRIVACY PROTECTION
Easy Inc attaches great importance to protecting your privacy. Before using the services or apps provided by Easy inc, please read carefully the following statements.
In order to provide more accurate and well-targeted services, Easy inc may use personal information submitted by you in the manners mentioned below; nevertheless, Easy inc will treat such information with a high level duty of diligence. Without your permission, Easy inc will not disclose such information or provide such information to any third party.
Protecting YOUR Privacy
It is Easy inc principle to respect the privacy of the personal information of our users. Easy inc will take reasonable measures to protect user’s personal information, without disclosing such information to any third party other than its Partners (without the consent of the user), unless such disclosure is (i) required by law, court order or competent government departments or (ii) agreed to by the user. Exceptions will be applied if the user selects to accept such disclosures during the registration process (where applicable), or is otherwise stipulated on the disclosure or use of a user’s personal information between the user and Easy inc and its Partners. The user shall bear any risks that may arise from any authorized disclosure of a user’s personal information. For the operation and improvement of Easy inc ’s technologies and services, Easy inc may collect and use the non-personal information of its users, or provide such information to third parties, in order to provide better user experience and improve the quality of our services.
Collection of Information
Easy inc may collect your personal information when you voluntarily opt to use our services, apps or provide us with your personal information. We may use your personal information to communicate with you, and may send certain mandatory service communications to you, such as notification, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Easy inc and its affiliates. Your download, installation and use of the software shall be deemed to constitute consent to our use of your personal information.
In addition, your download, installation and use of products/service from Easy inc and its affiliates, shall be deemed that you have expressly provided your consent to Easy inc for disclosure of personal information to Easy inc's partners and/or affiliates "Partners").
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse