Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Hitaksh Techno  built apps as an Utility app. This Service is provided by Hitaksh Techno Apps at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform app users regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our app.
If you choose to use our app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the app. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Music Player unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to android.permission.WAKE_LOCK, android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS, android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS, android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE. The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
MoPub
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No, We will not share your information with third parties unless it’s required by law.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the the Application free. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID and Android advertising ID of your mobile device. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyse and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere.
We may also share information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilising our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
Your information is protected and secure, all the good practices are followed to make sure that no one can access your private information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse