Our Privacy Policy | Careem
Services
Go
Eat
Get
Pay
Rides
Taxi
Bike
CarRental
SchoolRides
Food
DineOut
Quik
Supermarkets
Delivery
HomeCleaning
Laundry
Wellness
Tickets
Pharmacy
Flowers
Pay
Donations
Partners
Corporate packages
Restaurant delivery
B2B delivery
Pay merchant solutions
Careem Plus
About us
About us
Our social impact
Engineering at Careem
Careers
Explore open roles
Blog
Download the app
Effective Date: January 2023
This Privacy Notice explains how Careem Networks FZ LLC and/or its Affiliates (collectively “Careem”, “we” or “us”) collects and uses Personal Data. The Notice applies to all users of Careem’s mobile applications, websites, call-centre or technology (collectively, the “Careem Platform”), users of any other products and services we provide, and when users interact or communicate with us (all collectively, the “Services”). Our Privacy practices relating to Hala Users in the United Arab Emirates, Guest Users and Visitors are detailed in Sections 11 to 14.
By accessing or using the Services, you confirm that you have read this Privacy Notice in full and understand that information collected by Careem in accordance with this Privacy Notice may be used in accordance with Applicable Laws, this Privacy Notice and our End User or Captain Terms of Use.
Unless stated otherwise, Careem Networks FZ LLC (3903, Shatha Tower, Dubai Media City, Dubai, United Arab Emirates) is the data controller for the Personal Data collected in connection with the use of Careem’s Services.
1. Scope and Application
2. Collection of Information
3. Use of Personal Data
4. Sharing of Personal Data
5. Automated decision taking
6. International Transfer of Personal Data
7. Storage of Personal Data
8. Your Choices
9. Security Precautions
10. Cookies
11. Special Notice to Hala users in the United Arab Emirates
12. Guest Users
13. Suppliers
14. Visitors
15. Changes to this Privacy Notice
16. Contact Us
1. Scope and Application
This Privacy Notice applies to all individuals anywhere in the world who access or use our Services. It specifically applies to:
Bike Users:
individuals that book a trip on a Careem BIKE.
Captains:
individuals that provide (or submit the application to provide) transportation of people or goods, whether individually or through partner transportation companies.
Delivery Recipients:
individuals that purchase or receive a Product sold by a Merchant Partner, including via Careem Food and Shops.
Express Users:
companies that rely on Careem Express solutions for the delivery of goods sold through platforms other than the Careem Platform.
OA Users:
individuals that request the pick up or receive products, other than Express Users.
PAY Users:
individuals that make use of PAY services such as, sending or receiving money through Careem PAY (including to purchase goods and services from E-Commerce Partners) and paying for utility bills.
Riders
: individuals that request or receive transportation, including those that receive transportation requested by another individual.
Super App Users
: individuals that purchase services from a Merchant Partner through the Careem Platform, such as home cleaning services.
(each referred to in this Privacy Notice as “you” or "Data Subject"as the context requires).
Across this Notice, we will be using some important definitions:
Affiliates
means: (i) any entity where Careem Networks FZ LLC, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, holds at least 25% of the equity or 25% of the voting rights; and (ii) any subsidiary or affiliate of such entity in (i). It also includes our legal representatives, administrators, successors-in-interest and permitted assigns.
Applicable Law
means any law that applies to our processing of your Personal Data, whether by virtue of offering Services to you, monitoring your behaviour online (such as by using Cookies), your using of our Services or the provision of your services to us.
ECommerce Partners:
a third party that enable Captains and/or End Users to pay for goods or services on their websites using Careem Pay technology.
End Users
refers to Riders, Delivery Recipients, OA Recipients, Super App Users, Bike Users and PAY Users.
Personal Data
is any data or information that relates to an individual and which could, of itself or in combination with other data or information, identify who an individual is.
Products
are any goods or services displayed on the Careem Platform.
Merchant Partner
is a third party that makes available the delivery of goods, restaurant meals or services through the Careem Platform.
Process or Processing
means the collection, storage, use or transfer of Personal Data.
Terms of Use
means the Customer or Captain Terms of Use.
2. Collection of Information
Depending on the Services you are accessing or using, we collect and use:
A. Information that you provide directly to us;
B. Information about the use of your account and our Services;
C. Information obtained from other sources and third parties, which may include information about you.
A. Information You Provide to Us
Whether you are an End User or a Captain, you are solely responsible for the accuracy of the information you provide, and Careem will only modify or update your Personal Data upon your request or when you modify your account details.
End Users
If you are an End User, we collect Personal Data that you provide directly to us through your access or use of the Services, such as when you:
create or modify your account for use of any of our Services;
access the Careem Platform;
request Services on your behalf or on behalf of others;
contact Careem's customer support;
complete user surveys or provide feedback; or
otherwise communicate with us.
The Personal Data collected in these processes may include your:
name;
email address, from which we can also deduce your place of employment when sharing an enterprise/corporate email address;
phone number;
addresses that you ask Careem to store in your profile for future reference;
payment method;
residential address;
payment information, including your preferred payment method, on condition that Careem uses a third-party PCI-compliant vendor to process and store credit and debit card information;
images/video, including photos or videos submitted to verify your identity such as through facial verification technologies;
identification card (copy) and the information included on it, including but not limited to your gender, date of birth, nationality, profession and/or image; and
other information which we reasonably require or that you choose to provide.
Personal Data of children under 18 years of age
Careem does not knowingly collect, keep or maintain Personal Data from children, as the Careem Platform may only be used by persons older than 18 Gregorian years and individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law.
If you book a ride or use another of our Services on behalf of a child under the age of 18 Gregorian years then we might indirectly collect information about that child. Each time you are booking a ride or using another of our Services on behalf of a child under the age of 18 Gregorian years you represent and warrant to us that:
you have the legal right to do so on behalf of the child;
you have the legal right to provide consent on the child's behalf to the collection and use of that child's Personal Data by us; and
you provide that consent to us by continuing to book the ride or using our Services on behalf of the child to the fullest extent possible under the applicable laws.
Captains
If you are a Captain we collect Personal Data you provide directly to us through your access or use of the Services, such as when you:
request to create or modify your account for use of any of our Services as a Captain;
attend a Careem or third party premises to onboard as a Captain;
access the Careem Platform;
contact Careem's customer support;
complete user surveys or provide feedback; or
otherwise communicate with us.
The Personal Data collected in these processes may include your:
name;
email address;
phone number;
postal address;
date of birth;
gender;
images/video, including photos or videos submitted to verify your identity such as through facial verification technologies;
identification card (copy) and the information included on it;
residency card (copy) and the information included on it;
driving licence (copy) and the information included on it;
reference letter;
payment information, including your preferred payment method and bank account details, on condition that Careem uses a third-party PCI-compliant vendor to process and store credit and debit card information;
self-contractor registration documentation (copy);
insurance documentation (copy) and the information included on it;
tourism licence (copy) (if required under Applicable Laws) and the information included on it;
taxi licence or public transport driver permit (copy) (if required under Applicable Laws);
proof of non-conviction record (if required under Applicable Laws);
evidence of health or fitness to provide services (if required under Applicable Laws); and
other information which we reasonably require or that you choose to provide.
When we collect sufficient Personal Data from you in order to open an account for you, we will generate an account number known as your “Careem Account ID”. The Careem Account ID is unique to you and is used by us to identify you across our various Services and geographies.
Please note that if you choose not to provide us with some of this Personal Data, or request that we erase some or all of it, we may not be able to provide you with our Services at all, or provide it to the same standard we can if we are using that Personal Data.
B. Information We Collect Through use of Our Services
End Users and Captains
When you access or use our Services, either as an End User or Captain, we collect information, some of which will constitute Personal Data. In some cases, we collect this data through cookies, pixels, tags, and similar tracking technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers. Such information may include your:
mobile network information;
mobile operating system;
mobile application crash reports;
mobile application features and applications used;
time zone setting;
device location;
IP address;
device information, including the type of mobile device you use, a unique device identifier (for example, your device’s IMEI number, the MAC address of the device’s wireless network interface, installed applications, or the mobile phone number used by the device);
SMS data;
Transaction-related information;
Information on safety-related incidents;
browsing history information (i.e. any third party services you accessed or used prior to using our Services); and
registration history information.
If you are an End User we may also collect:
details of the specific Service you have requested;
specific requirements in respect of an order you make via our Services;
Captain feedback you choose to provide;
your specific location at the time you are accessing or using our Services;
the time and date of your booking of the Service, either at that time or at a time in the future;
your booked or actual destination;
your trip route;
the third party supplier you have used, for example which Merchant Partner you have placed an order from; and
the Personal Data of individuals on whose behalf you access or use our Services, for example, when you book a ride for others or request the delivery of a Product to or from a friend.
If you are a Captain we also collect:
any End User feedback you choose to provide;
details of any journeys you have made or services you have provided;
your trip route;
the time and date of any bookings you accepted, rejected or cancelled.
We also use GPS technology to determine your current location. For Captains, GPS technology may be used when the Careem application is running in the background and foreground, whether the Captain is online or offline. For End Users, GPS technology will only be used when the Careem application is active in the foreground of your phone’s applications or during a Trip.
Some of our location-enabled Services require your Personal Data for the feature to work. By accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice you are agreeing to the use of GPS technology when relevant to the use of our Services. Use of GPS is a setting that you can switch on and off from your phone device settings at any time.
C. Information We Collect From Other Sources
End Users and Captains
We may also receive information, including Personal Data, from other sources and combine that either with Personal Data we receive from you or collect through our Services. For example:
We may receive information from your employer (or similar entity) if your employer (or similar entity) participates in any of our enterprise/corporate solutions
If you choose to link, create, or log in to your Careem account with a payment provider or social media service (e.g., Facebook), or if you engage with a separate app or website that uses our API (or whose API we use), we may receive information about you or your connections from that site or app;
We may get information from our Affiliates on whether you have been blocked from providing services on or blocked from making use of the Affiliates’ services; and
We may obtain Personal Data from third parties who help us verify an individual’s identity and background information for legal, regulatory, anti-money laundering, safety, and security purposes. This can include screening against sanctions lists, lists of politically exposed persons and relatives/close associates of such persons, and adverse media.
If you are an End User we may also:
collect information about you from your employer, if your employer uses one of our enterprise solutions; and
receive ratings by Captains after they have provided services to you.
If you are a Captain we may also:
receive ratings by End Users after you have provided services to them;
if you also interact with our Services in another capacity, for instance if you are both an End User and a Captain or if you make use services by one or more of our Affiliates, we may combine or associate that information;
receive information relating to you from a third party company with which we contract, if you are a Captain that is employed by or contracted with a third party company;
receive information from your insurance, vehicle, or financial services providers;
obtain any additional information on you, as required, from publicly available sources or governmental authorities.
3. Use of Personal Data
End Users and Captains
We may use Personal Data collected in the manners described above to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our Services
Perform internal administration and operations, including to conduct data analysis, testing, and research; to monitor and analyze usage and activity trends; and to troubleshoot software bugs and operational problems
Send or facilitate communications (i) between End Users and Captains, such as estimated times of arrival (ETAs), or (ii) at your direction, between you and a contact of yours in connection with your use of certain features, such as referrals or invites;
Send you communications to you, including administrative or Service-related messages, receipts and other communications we think will be of interest to you, including information about existing and/or new products, services, promotions, news, and events of Careem and other companies, where permissible and according to Applicable Laws;
Process contest, sweepstake, or other promotion entries and fulfill any related awards;
Allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services;
Keep our Services safe and secure, including screening Captains and End Users before enabling their use of our Services and at subsequent intervals, including through reviews of background checks, where permitted by law, to help prevent use of our services by unsafe Captains and/or End Users;
Prevent, detect, and combat fraud or unsafe activities, including by using device, location, profile, usage, and other data;
Personalize and improve the Services, including to provide or recommend features, content, social connections, referrals, and advertisements;
Using End User and Captain ratings and feedback to encourage compliance with Careem’s Terms of Use and as grounds for deactivating Captains with low ratings or who otherwise violated such guidelines in certain countries;
Locate you if you use the alert button within the Careem mobile application; and
To ask you about your experience using our Services, including about a particular Captain.
Captains only
We may use Personal Data collected in the manners described above to:
In certain regions, using information derived from the Captain’s license photos, and other photos submitted to Careem, for safety and security purposes. This includes a real-time ID feature, which prompts you to share a selfie before going online or while online to help ensure that the individual using our app matches the Captain account we have on file. This also includes comparing photographs that we have on file against photographs (i) of other users to prevent identity-borrowing, and (ii) from public databases to verify user identity; and
Offer, obtain, provide, or facilitate insurance, vehicle, invoicing or financing solutions.
4. Sharing of Personal Data
Depending upon the purposes for which we have collected your Personal Data, we may share your Personal Data:
End Users and Captains
We may share your Personal Data:
With Careem Affiliates;
With third parties that we use to carry out work on our behalf or to perform a contract we enter into with them,
    including:
Google, in connection with the use of Google Maps in Careem Platform (see Google's privacy policy for
        information on their collection and use of data).
social media companies, including Facebook, in connection with Careem's use of their tools in the Careem
        Platform (see Facebook's privacy policy for information on their collection and use of data);
vendors who help us verify identity, background information, or who screen users in connection with sanctions,
        anti-money laundering, fraud or know-your-customer requirements. In some cases, these service providers may
        retain
        identity documents that are suspected to be fraudulent for the purpose of identifying fraud in the future;
cloud storage providers;
payment processors and facilitators;
marketing partners and marketing platform providers, including social media advertising services, advertising
        networks, third-party data providers, and other service providers that help us understand you better as a user
        and
        measure advertising effectiveness;
research partners, including those performing surveys or research projects in partnership with Careem or on
        Careem's behalf;
vendors that assist Careem to enhance the safety and security of our Services;
consultants, lawyers, accountants, and other professional service providers;
airports, including when required by airport authorities as a condition of operating on airport property;
telecommunications companies, utility providers and other third parties to offer to you and enable you to buy
        prepaid services or pay for postpaid services you obtain from them;
e-Commerce providers to enable to you to purchase goods and services from them through Careem PAY.
financing partners; and
financial institutions, such as banks we partner with to offer joint products.
With third parties where you choose to pay bills as part of our Careem Pay services;
With financial institutions that we have partnered with to provide the Careem Pay service;
With third parties to market their products or services to you if you have agreed to receive promotional updates;
If we otherwise notify you and you consent to the sharing;
With third parties in an aggregated and/or anonymized form which cannot reasonably be used to identify you;
With law enforcement officials, financial regulators, anti money laundering agencies, government authorities, public
    health officials, competent authorities or other third parties: (i) to enforce or apply our Terms of Use; (ii) to
    investigate potential breaches of these terms or applicable laws or if we believe your actions are inconsistent with
    our Terms of Use; (iii) to protect the rights, property, or safety of Careem or others; or (iv) if we believe
    disclosure is in accordance with, or is otherwise required by any applicable law, regulation, operating license or
    agreement, legal process or governmental requests, or where the disclosure is otherwise appropriate due to safety or
    similar concern;
With a claims processor or an insurer to provide any necessary information (including your contact information) if
    there is a complaint, dispute or conflict, which may include an accident, involving you and another party and such
    information or data is necessary to resolve the complaint, dispute or conflict; and
With third parties in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation
    or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company.
End Users only
We may share your Personal Data:
At your request, such as when you agree to share your ETA and location with a friend;
With Captains, to enable them to provide the Services you request. For example, we share your name and pickup and/or drop-off locations with Captains;
With Merchant Partners and/or their point-of-sale providers for order fulfillment, delivery, communications and marketing purposes. In some cases, including when the Merchant Partner is self-delivering the Order to you, we will provide your information to that Merchant Partner in a similar manner as if you had placed the order for Services directly with the Merchant Partner;
With third parties to provide you with a service you requested, including bill payment services and services that you may have requested through a partnership or promotional offering made by a third party or us;
With third parties with whom you choose to let us share your Personal Data, including other applications or websites that integrate with our API or Services, or those with an API or service with which we integrate;
With Hala in the manner identified in this Privacy Notice; or
With your employer (or similar entity) if your employer participates in any of our enterprise/corporate solutions.
Captains only
With End Users, to enable them to identify you and your vehicle;
With any Merchant which you are collecting an order on behalf of an End User;
With your employer or the third-party transportation company your Captain account is associated with; and
With insurance companies or providers of fleet financing solutions whose product offerings we consider may be of interest to you.
5. Automated decision taking
We use personal data to make automated decisions relating to use of our Services, such as to:
Determine Captains and End Users ratings, and deactivating where there are low ratings;
Match available Captains to End Users requesting services based on availability, proximity, and other factors;
Enable dynamic pricing, in which the price of a ride or the delivery fee is determined based on constantly varying factors such as the estimated time and distance, the predicted route, estimated traffic, and the number of Captains and End Users using Careem at a given moment; and
Flag Captains and/or End Users who are identified as having engaged in fraud, unsafe activity, or other activities that may harm Careem and/or others.
Careem performs the above activities on the grounds that they are necessary to fulfill our obligations to users under our Terms of Use or other agreements with users, or on the grounds that they are necessary for purposes of the legitimate interests of Careem, its users and others.
6. International Transfer of Personal Data
Reflecting the regional span of our business, we process personal data globally. This means we may also transfer personal data to countries other than the one where you live or use Careem’s Services. When we transfer your Personal Data abroad, we will take appropriate measures to protect your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice and the laws of the country from where the transfer is occurring.
Where Applicable Laws require you to consent to the processing of personal data outside the country where you access the Careem Platform, you provide that consent to us by continuing to book the ride or using our Services to the fullest extent possible under the Applicable Laws.
7. Storage of Personal Data
We will store and retain your Personal Data for the period of time necessary for the purpose for
                    which the data has been collected, unless the nature of the purpose changes in which case the
                    retention period may be extended or shortened.
Apart from the purposes for which we collect your Personal Data, we also store and retain this
                    Personal Data to preserve the integrity of our databases, to carry out on-going Services on your
                    behalf, for research, analytics and statistics purposes and to ensure compliance with applicable
                    laws and regulations.
Following an account deletion request (where warranted in accordance with the data subject rights
                    referred to below), we will erase or archive from active use the Personal Data of the individual to
                    which the requirement or request relates, unless we are required to retain it due to legal or
                    regulatory requirements, for purposes of safety, security, and fraud prevention, or because of an
                    issue relating to your account such as an outstanding credit or an unresolved claim or dispute.
8. Your Choices
1. Device permissions
Most mobile device platforms (iOS, Android, etc.) have defined certain types of device data that
                    apps cannot access without the device owner’s permission. Different platforms have different methods
                    for how that permission can be obtained. Please check the available settings on your device or check
                    with your provider.
2. Marketing and Opting Out
In some countries we cannot provide you with any direct marketing communications unless we have
                    obtained your express consent to do so in advance.
In all cases, Careem provides End Users and Captains the opportunity to opt-out of receiving direct
                    marketing communications from us and our partners:
in any direct email marketing communication that you receive from us; and
for End Users, from the ‘Settings’ menu in the Careem application.
3. Data Subject Rights
If you would like Careem to correct personal data Careem holds about you, please read
here
.
                    This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information Careem holds about you corrected.
If you decide to deactivate your account, you may reach out to us
here
.
                    Please note that if you are a Captain, additional steps may be required to give effect to this
                    request.
Depending upon which country you are in at the time that we collect and use your Personal Data and
                    the Service that you make use of you may have some or all of the following rights under applicable
                    law:
To request access to your data, including your profile data and trip or order history (commonly
                      known as a
                      "data subject access request"). If the information you request reveals personal data about a third
                      party, we will: (i) seek that individual's consent before responding to your request, (ii)
                      consider if it is
                      otherwise reasonable to provide it to you; or (iii) we will redact third parties' personal data
                      before
                      responding. If we are unable to provide you with access to your personal data because disclosure
                      would infringe
                      the rights and freedoms of third parties, we will notify you of this decision.
To request erasure of your Personal Data. This enables you to ask Careem to erase Personal Data
                      where:
your Personal Data is no longer needed for the purposes for which
                          it was
                          collected;
the sole legal ground for processing was your consent and you have
                          withdrawn it;
you have objected to processing of your Personal Data on the legal
                          grounds
                          relating to your particular
                          situation, and Careem cannot prove that there are overriding legitimate interests for
                          processing;
your Personal Data were processed unlawfully; or
your Personal Data must be erased in order to comply with legal
                          requirements.
Before requesting to delete an account, you are required to complete/cancel and active or schedule
                    orders or bookings, cancel any Careem Plus or Bike subscriptions and empty your Careem PAY wallet.
                    If you are the end user of an enterprise/corporate account, we may be unable to process your
                    deletion request if there are outstanding payments for that enterprise account.
After we receive your erasure request, you will be logged out of your Careem account. We will
                    process your request within 90 days. If you log in your Careem Account during these 90 days, your
                    deletion account will be cancelled and your account will remain unchanged.
Careem may be required to retain some data in line with legal or regulatory requirements, for
                    purposes of safety, security, and fraud prevention, or because of an issue relating to your account
                    such as an outstanding credit or an unresolved claim or dispute.
To object to us processing of your Personal Data where Careem is relying on a legitimate
                        interest (or those of a
                        third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to
                        object to processing
                        on this ground.
To request us to restrict our processing of your Personal Data where:
you consider that our processing of your Personal Data is
                          inaccurate;
you consider that the processing is unlawful and you oppose the
                          erasure of your Personal Data and you require
                          the restriction of the processing instead;
we no longer need the Personal Data for the purposes of the
                          processing but the Personal Data is required by
                          you for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim; or
where you require verification that processing on the legitimate
                          interests of Careem override your interests.
To revoke your consent, where we have expressly asked for your consent as a legal basis to
                        process your Personal
                        Data. The revocation of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on
                        your prior consent.
Depending on your location or the version of the Careem application that you are using, you may
                    exercise these rights through the Settings menu in the Careem app or by contacting us
here
.
We will contact you for additional information if we are unable to verify your identity, the scope
                    of your request is unclear or does not provide sufficient information for us to conduct a search
                    (for example, this will be the case if you request “all information about me”). Once we have all the
                    information, we need to locate your personal data, we will begin processing your request.
Applicable law may allow or require us to refuse to act on your request, or we may have destroyed,
                    erased, or made your personal data anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and
                    practices. If we determine that your request does not have a legal basis, we reserve the right to
                    not further process your request and we will inform you of this decision.
In addition, depending on your location, you may have the right to file a complaint relating to our
                    handling of your Personal Data with the data protection authority in your country.
9. Security Precautions
Your Careem profile is password-protected so that only you and authorized Careem employees or
                    service providers (
“Authorised Personnel”
) have access to your account
                    information. Careem’s Authorised Personnel will never proactively reach out to you and ask for any
                    personal account information, including your password.
Careem makes every effort to ensure that your Personal Data is secure on its systems. Careem has
                    colleagues dedicated to maintaining adherence to this Privacy Notice and other privacy initiatives,
                    periodically reviewing security of our Services and making sure that all Careem colleagues are aware
                    of our security practices. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed
                    to be 100% secure. As a result, Careem cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Data you
                    transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. If you have any further questions on this issue,
                    refer to the Terms of Use. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, Careem expressly disclaims any
                    liability, and you hereby waive any claims, and indemnify us for any claims that may be brought by
                    third parties who access or use our Services via your account, that may arise should any other
                    individuals obtain the Personal Data Careem collects about you or third parties who access or use
                    our Services via your account.
10. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are stored on browsers or devices by websites, apps, online
                    media, and advertisements. We use cookies and similar technologies for purposes such as:
distinguishing you from other users of on the Careem Platform;
remembering your preferences and settings
understanding the online behaviors and interests of people who interact with our Services,
                      including determining the popularity of content and analysing site traffic and trends
improving our Careem Platform and the Services we provide
We may also allow others to provide audience measurement and analytics services for us, to serve
                    advertisements on our behalf across the Internet, and to track and report on the performance of
                    those advertisements. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, SDKs, and other technologies to
                    identify the devices used by visitors to our websites, as well as when they visit other online sites
                    and services.
11. Special Notice to Hala users in the United Arab Emirates
If you are accessing or using services provided by RTA Careem LLC ("
Hala
") in the
                    UAE, this section applies to you. This section should be read in conjunction with the Hala
Term of Use
and
Privacy Policy
.
Careem has been engaged by Hala to provide certain technology and Processing services to Hala in
                    support of Hala’s business within the UAE. As a result, Careem may be required to Process your
                    Personal Data on Hala’s behalf and to enable you to access or use the products or services provided
                    by Hala.
To the extent that you are using Hala services, then any Personal Data that you provide through the
                    Careem Platform will be Processed by Careem and Hala for the purposes of Hala providing its service
                    to you. When using Hala’s services you are also agreeing to this Processing of Personal Data by
                    Careem on behalf of Hala for these purposes, and to the transfer of any Personal Data about you that
                    Careem Processes for these purposes to Hala. When this occurs RTA Careem LLC is deemed responsible
                    for determining the purpose and means of that Processing. To the fullest extent permitted under
                    Applicable Laws Careem shall have no liability under or in connection with the processing of
                    Personal Data in connection with Careem’s provision of services to Hala.
Note that the Processing referred to in this section 10 is separate from any Processing conducted
                    by Careem for the purposes of providing you with Careem Services via the Careem Platform, including
                    via the Careem Super App.
Marketing
You consent that both Careem and Hala may use the Personal Data you provide to Hala via the Careem
                    Platform for the purposes of either Careem or Hala directly contacting you to market their separate
                    services to you.
12. Guest Users
We consider you a Guest User if you receive trips or deliveries but are not the owner of an account
                    with Careem, such as when:
You purchase physical products from third parties (including restaurants, ecommerce platforms or
                      other merchants) that use the Careem Platform for the delivery of the physical products to you.
You request a trip or delivery via partner websites or apps such as ride-hailing aggregators.
Your location is marked as a pickup or drop off location for our Order Anything services.
A trip or delivery is arranged by another account owner.
When a Careem User transfers money to you.
Guest User personal data may be associated with, and accessible by, the owner of the Careem
                    account.
In these cases, your personal data is used and may be shared with third parties: (i) to provide
                    such trips, deliveries or to enable such transfers; and (ii) for purposes of safety and security,
                    customer support, research and development, enabling communication between users, and in connection
                    with legal proceedings and requirements.
13. Suppliers
We consider you as a Supplier if you are an individual (not Captains) that provide services to
                    Careem, either in their own capacity, or on behalf of an organization as a member or employee of
                    that organization.
If you are a Supplier or work for a Supplier, we collect Personal Data when you, or the business
                    you represent provides, or seeks to provide us with, services; or otherwise communicate with us.
The Personal Data collected during may include:
your name;
your email address;
your phone number;
your postal address;
passport or national identification number;
bank information where payment for Services will be made;
information on shareholders, principal officers, financial history, references, and ultimate
                      beneficial owners; and
other information which we reasonably require or that you choose to provide.
We may use Personal Data collected in the manners described above to:
To contact you with regards to the provision of your services to us; and
To facilitate payments to you; and
To consider our potential or current relationship with your business.
If you are a Supplier we will be relying on third parties who help us verify identity and
                    background information for legal, regulatory, anti-money laundering, sanctions and security
                    purposes. This can include screening against sanctions lists, lists of politically exposed persons
                    and relatives/close associates of such persons, and adverse media.
Please note that if you choose not to provide us with some of this Personal Data, or request that
                    we erase some or all of it, we may not be able to engage you or continue to engage you to provide
                    services to us.
14. Visitors
We consider you as a Visitor if you visit Careem premises other than as a Careem employee or
                    individual contractor. When visiting Careem premises, you may be asked to input personal information
                    and register as a visitor using a visitor management system. During this registration, you may be
                    also asked to sign a non-disclosure agreement.
This information is used to ensure the safety of individuals within Careem premises and to
                    safeguard information that is shared with you during your visit at Careem premises.
15. Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make significant changes in the way we
                    treat your Personal Data, or to the Privacy Notice, we will provide you notice through the Services
                    or by some other means, such as email or a push notification.
To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, your continued use of the Services after such notice
                    constitutes your consent to the changes to the extent permitted by law.
We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Notice for the latest information on our
                    privacy practices.
16. Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments and requests related to this Privacy Notice, or if you have any
                    questions about how Careem processes your Personal Data, please contact us by completing the
Contact
                      Us form
.
Services
Go
Eat
Get
Pay
Careem Plus
Partners
Corporate packages
Restaurant delivery
B2B delivery
Pay merchant solutions
Join our team
About us
Engineering at Careem
Careers
Explore open roles
About us
Our social impact
Information security
Blog
Help Centre
Book your ride
All rights reserved. Careem © 2023
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy