Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy Of RGD Apps
When you use RGD Apps Mobile applications on Android, This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by RGD Apps through our mobile applications and how we use that information. We created is only for User Entertainment purpose.
What information we use and how we use it:
-> Read phone status and identity:
This permission allows RGD Apps to use an incoming / outgoing call for only app purpose. We do not save or upload your call logs.
-> Photos⁄Media⁄Files:
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage Test access to protected storage When user recommends friends to download RGD Apps by sharing to social network, we need to save an introduction picture to be shared on SD card. We won’t access other file on SD card.
-> Full network access:
This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including receiving update notifications or accessing app classification labels.
-> View network connections:
This permission is used in RGD Apps settings and notification toolbar, in order to view network connections.
-> Read your contacts:
RGD Apps does not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used.
-> Measure app storage space:
This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage space used by an application.
-> Device & app history:
Retrieve running apps
We use this information to boost your Android phone effectively, clean your device's RAM and make your phone speed up in depth
✓ Children's Privacy:
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
☞ How we protect your information?
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
✓ Changes to the Privacy Policy:
RGD Apps may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
✧ Contact us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:rgapps7@gmail.com
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse