Privacy Policy Kings apps Studio
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Kings apps Studio
Privacy Policy Kings apps Studio
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
January 21, 2022
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Kings apps Studio uses and protects any information that you provide when you use our website or application. 
Kings apps Studio is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. We only ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website or application, and then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Kings apps Studio may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page frequently to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 01-January-22.
Collection of Information
We don't collect any information to us. For example:
. Name
. Contact information including email address
. Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
. Device information
. Account information
. Microphone and camera permission
. Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Use of Information
Kings apps Studio requires this information to understand your needs and provide you with better services/games, and in particular for the following reasons:
. Internal record keeping.
. We may use the information to improve our games and services.
. We may periodically send promotional email about new games, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
. With the passage of time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email or phone.

Sharing of Information
We may share your information as follows:
. If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Kings apps Studio or others;
. With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf.
. We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
. We will never sell your information.
Firebase
We are using Firebase in our applications for push notification. The firebase push notification will be use to update our users regarding event and our new updates. we will use it for marketing, analytics and updating user regarding new upcoming updates.
Security
We take responsible measures to help secure your information. In order to prevent unauthorized access, loss, theft, or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better application, or a game by enabling us to monitor which type of games you find interesting. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you 
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Contact Us
successapps8@gmail.com
(Address)
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
Happy Mother's Day
May 13, 2023
I felt the wash of her love every day, pouring over me.
Read more
International Mother Language Day
February 03, 2023
International Mother Language Day International Mother Language Day celebrates linguistic diversity and the importance of preserving mother languages around the world. It is observed annually on February 21st.
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Kings apps
Visit profile
Archive
June 2023
2
May 2023
1
April 2023
2
March 2023
2
February 2023
9
January 2023
1
January 2022
1
Report Abuse