Wasabi Android Apps - Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Wasabi Android Apps
Home
Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Twitter
Wasabi Android Apps
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Wasabi collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of Android apps from
https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Wasabi
("App"). This privacy policy applies to the App and all products and services offered by Wasabi.
Personal identification information
We may collect personally identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our App. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our App anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain App related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our App. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our App, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
We use device identifiers to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share such identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. See details:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
Web browser cookies
Our App may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the App may not function properly.
AdMob
Our Apps may contain 3rd party ads such as AdMob, is Google's mobile app advertising platform designed specifically for app
developers. In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy.
Personal Data:
* Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers
* IP addresses
* Device identifiers
* Client identifiers
* unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example)
* Usage Data.
Retention:
Google anonymizes the log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and
cookie information (after 18 months)
Online resources:
* Privacy Policy                https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
* Opt out                       https://www.google.com/settings/ads
* Service Information           https://privacy.google.com/businesses/adsservices/
* Partner policy                https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
* Ad technology providers       https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
How we use collected information
Wasabi collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our App.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the App or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Wasabi has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this App, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our App. Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
androidwasabi@gmail.com
This document was last updated on July 20, 2019
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse