Privacy Policy for Text Editor
We care about your privacy and data security.
We keep this app free by showing ads and our partners may gather data in order to provide ads within our apps.
We collect anonymous information about the way you use our Apps after you have installed them. Depending on how you interact with us, some data is automatically processed if you install and use our Apps, whilst other data is collected and processed if you submit it to us.
Contents
Data we process when you use our apps
How do we use information we gather from you
Data we process only if you submit it to us
Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Data we process when you use our apps
When you use our app, your device automatically sends technical information to us, including the following:
app information, like:
name,
package,
version,
operating system information, like:
android version,
language,
country,
device information, like:
model,
manufacturer,
hardware,
app usage information, like:
date and time,
duration,
features used,
unique identifiers and other data, some from third party services, like:
the Android advertising ID,
firebased Cloud ID (FCM ID),
IP address.
How do we use information we gather from you
We process data generated from apps to allow you to use our services available on our apps and to ensure its functionality . We also process these data to perform analyses on the performance of the app, to continuously improve the app, correct errors, to prevent fraudulent use, to ensure IT security and operation of our systems. We further process this data in aggregated or pseudonymized form to analyze trends, administer the apps, track users' movement on the apps, and to gather demographic information about our user as a whole to improve marketing including serving you personalized, interest-based ads as well as to enhance user experience on our apps.
We process User Apps Usage Data so that we can facilitate, evaluate, and verify your use of our apps and services as well as for our own internal statistical, archive, research and analytical purposes, and to evaluate and enhance users' experience of the apps by identifying user preferences and analyzing crash data. For example, we process information like the time frame of your usages on apps, search results and search history, the most used tools, filters, themes, translations made in the app, and other content in our apps.
Data we process only if you submit it to us
When you interact with us on our apps, you can submit Personal Data to us in various situations, including:
Membership Account Data: On our Sites and Apps, you can register for an account with your e-mail address and a password you create which you will automatically create an account for yourself, with this account, you can use to manage and updates to your Personal Data. When you choose to sign into our Sites or Apps via your other social media account like your Facebook, we will process and access to your other social network account. Please note that this privacy policy does not cover information that you submit on other websites or mobile apps, even if you sign in through Websites or mobile apps. For example, if you log in via your Facebook account, that information is governed by the privacy policies on that website, and is not governed by this policy.
Transaction Data: If you make any purchases on our Apps, we will process your contact and billing information, such as your name, address, and credit card information. You can view the exact information required in the form provided at point of purchase. We will only use this data to complete your order, for billing purposes, and for internal accounting.
Customer Support Data: You can communicate with us by using the specified email address of our customer support team for requests on technical assistance, request information on the status of your order, or otherwise reach out to our customer support team. In order to respond to your request, we will process your contact data as well as the contents of your request.
Business Contact or Sales Prospect Data (on Sites): If you are a business contact or sales prospect that has provided us your Personal Data, we will store your data in our database so that we can follow up on previous business conversations we've had with you, provide you additional information about our services and features which you are interested in.
Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties
Third Party Service Providers
We use third party services and may receive information about you from them. These services providers collect usage data in compliance with their privacy policies. These services providers are described below:
Google Admob: for information regarding how Google Admob uses data please visit
Google Admob Privacy Policy
Google Firebase Analytics: for information regarding how Google Firebase Analytics uses data please visit
Google Firebase Analytics Privacy Policy
We transmit data to service providers that enable us to provide our Apps and market, sell, payment process and delivery. This includes the parties providing our third-party cookies and tracking tools, as well as parties providing us with services to assist us in processing transactions, including credit card transactions, handling shipping and processing of orders, providing customer support, managing customer relationships, hosting the Sites, collecting, storing, or removing your information, or performing statistical analysis, providing marketing assistance, investigating fraudulent activity, conducting customer surveys, technical and customer support, perform tracking and reporting functions, conduct quality assurance testing providing customer service, customer surveys and other services in connection with our Apps. We sometimes need to share your information with these companies in order for them to provide the applicable services.
Third party advertising
Third parties serve some of the ads on our Apps. We do not send any individualized personal information about you to them, but they may have access to certain information that they obtain through cookies placed on your device or that you share with them yourself.
Purchasing at our Apps
In-app purchases that are initiated from our Apps are completed on Google Play.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically.
Terms and Conditions
Introduction
These Terms and Conditions written on this page shall manage your use of our App, Text Editor.
These Terms will be applied fully and affect to your use of this App. By using this App, you agreed to accept all terms and conditions written in here. You must not use this App if you disagree with any of these Terms and Conditions.
Intellectual Property Rights
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, Byte Mobile SRL and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this App.
You are granted limited license only for purposes of using this App.
No warranties
This App is provided "as is," with all faults, and Byte Mobile SRL express no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this App or the materials contained on this App. Also, nothing contained on this App shall be interpreted as advising you.
Limitation of liability
In no event shall Byte Mobile SRL, nor any of its officers, directors and employees, shall be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this App whether such liability is under contract.  Byte Mobile SRL, including its officers, directors and employees shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this App.
Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent Byte Mobile SRL from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.
Variation of Terms
Byte Mobile SRL is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this App you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.
Assignment
The Byte Mobile SRL is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.