Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
lock screen Privacy Policy
Fornix studio team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Fornix studio collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Fornix studio’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. Fornix studio reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If Fornix studio makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy,Fornix studiomay post a notice on Fornix studio’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data Fornix studio may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all Fornix studio users.
Fornix studio may use and disclose to Fornix studio’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Fornix studio services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Fornix studio may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by Fornix studio is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Fornix studio collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Fornix studio may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Fornix studio may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Fornix studio’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by peter-dev. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Fornix studio may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providersFornix studio has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for peter-dev. Fornix studio is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
Fornix studiomay disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you orFornix studio to legal liability. Fornix studio may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Fornix studio has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Fornix studio’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Fornix studio believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Fornix studio’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on peter-dev. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Fornix studio will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Fornix studio’s website or in another reasonable manner.
Safeguards
Fornix studio follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Fornix studio’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in Fornix studio’s possession.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services  may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services.  takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. Fornix studio does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if Fornix studio learns that Fornix studio has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, Fornix studio will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data fromFornix studio’s records.
Fornix studiomay store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Fornix studio may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Fornix studio’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
Fornix studio regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If Fornix studio receives a formal written complaint from you, it is Fornix studio’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns.Fornix studiowill cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and peter-dev.
3rd party services
We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.
Advertising
3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Fornix studio Aapps, possibly based on user interests.
Admob
We use Admob by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob Privacy Policy – https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Analytics
3rd party analytics services allow us to monitor and analyze app usage, better understand our audience and user behavior.
Flurry
We use Flurry Analytics to collect, monitor and analyze log data, including frequency of use, length of time spent in the app, in order to improve functionality and user-friendliness of our apps. Please see Flurry Privacy Policy – http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google utilizes the collected data to track and examine the use of Fornix studioApps, to prepare reports on user activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Contact Us
You can contact us at mail : stanleyakbar9962@gmail.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse