×
Equalizer +
DJiT
Free
Get it
iOS
Android
Equalizer+ Terms of Use
Welcome
Welcome to Equalizer+, a service offers by MWM (« edjing », « MWM », « we », « us » « our ») and our Terms and Conditions of Use. This affects your Equalizer+ usage (« mobile application »).
These Equalizer+ Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, and the Community Rules, constitute a legal agreement, which is a contract (the « Agreement ») between you and MWM, concerning the Equalizer+ usage.
Children who have less than 13 years old are not authorized to use the service or try to sign up.
IF YOU DON’T AGREE WITH THESE TERMS OF USE, THEN PLEASE DON’T USE THE SERVICE.
Terms
Headquarters: the Equalizer+ mobile application is a MWM product. MWM is an SAS with a capital of 1.352,00€, registered to the RCS of Nanterre under the number 513 627 299. The Headquarters is located in 54-56 Avenue du Général Leclerc, Boulogne Billancourt 92100 – France (Hereinafter referred to as « The Company »).
Acceptance of Terms of Use
Please read these Terms of Use very carefully. If you do not agree to any of the provisions set out in those documents, you should not use the Apps or any of the Services. By accessing or using the Platform you represent and warrant that you have read and understood the Terms of Use, will abide by them, and that you are either 18 years of age or more, or you are 13 years of age or more and have your parent(s)’ or legal guardian(s)’ permission to use the Platform.
Changes to Terms of Use
We reserve the right to change, alter, replace or otherwise modify these Terms of Use at any time. The date of last modification is stated at the end of these Terms of Use. It is your responsibility to check this page from time to time for updates.
Description of the App
The App is a music player service. The users of the App may play their music and modify the sound with the equalizer features. You don’t have to register you to use the Equalizer+ service. The Service is free for all users except some features, which are charged.
SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION
- Equalizer + offers a subscription plan to get unlimited access to music cloud and all features: bassbooster, import and create playlists, save custom preset, DJ transitions, spectral representations of the sound and sleep timer. The plan can be monthly or weekly (or any other period available on the app).
- Free trial subscription is automatically renewed unless cancelled 24 hours before the renewal.
- Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
- Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, at the same price
-No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase
Legal disclaimer
Equalizer+ does NOT store or host any of the 3rd party content.
You acknowledge and agree that Equalizer+ is not responsible or liable in any manner for any Third Party Content and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any Third Party Content. Users use such Third Party Content contained therein at their own risk. This provision will survive the use of the Service.
The app is provided « As is », « as available », and « with all faults ».
Whilst Equalizer+ uses reasonable endeavours to correct any errors or omissions in the app as soon as practicable once they have been brought to Equalizer+’s attention, Equalizer+ makes no promises, guarantees, representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever (express or implied).
Equalizer+ does not warrant that your use of the App will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defect will be corrected, or that the App is or will be free of viruses or other harmful components.
Privacy policy – Equalizer+
Collection and Use of Personal Data
When you download or update the application, we may collect and process some of your data, such as (i) the advertising ID of your device(s), (ii) technical data of your device(s) (which may include but is not limited to information such as the model name or number, brand, operating system, screen size, screen resolution, default language, time zone of your device(s), third party applications installed on your device(s)) and (iii) mobile operator-related data (which may include but is not limited to information such as the name of the operator and the SIM card country code).
Once the application is downloaded and installed, we may also collect some data related to listening or viewing of music and / or audiovisual content on your devices (songs, genres, artists, playlists, etc.). This data may either be generated through the use of our application and services or transmitted by the operating system of your devices in accordance with the rules set by the operating systems. This data may be used in order for us to (i) provide you with our services in the best possible conditions, (ii) improve our products and services as well as your user experience (iii) carry out analytical and statistical studies regarding the use and viewing of musical and / or audiovisual data in particular, (iv) customize the advertising offer featured on our application or on our partners' websites and applications, and (v) provide you with tailor-made offers and information about products and services that we believe you may be interested in, consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to us.
This data is processed by DJiT and can also be shared or transferred to DJiT partners or service providers (advertisers in particular) in charge of the analysis or processing of this data on behalf of DJiT and for the purposes described above.
Control and Access to Personal Information
Personal information will always be used for the purposes described above. The registration, if necessary, also enables the user to specify whether you want to be contacted by edjing and how such contacts should occur. edjing gives users all the tools they need to ensure that personal information is accurate and current.
In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you can exercise your right of rectification, opposition or withdrawal of your personal information or data by contacting us at the following address:
privacy@musicworldmedia.fr
You can also adjust the settings of your devices concerning your data processing. On these settings, you will be able to reset your device’s advertising ID and/or limit targeted advertising on your device.
Connection
When you register or log in to one of our services, we may collect and process some of your PII data which may include but is not limited to information such as your email address, name, gender, date of birth. This data may be used in order to (i) improve user experience which may include but is not limited to our music recommandation services, saving the users musical preferences and playlists, (ii) improve our products and services as well as your user experience (iii) carry out analytical and statistical studies which are performed on anonymized data (iv) provide you with tailor-made offers and information about products and services that we believe you may be interested in, consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to us. This data is processed by DJiT for the purposes described above. This data will not be shared or transferred to DJiT partners or any 3rd part services.
ADVERTISING
This section only concerns the Android version of Equalizer+.
Advertising partners - ad networks - help us to serve advertisements to you. Some of this technology also helps us to make decisions as to whether or not to show a particular advert to you – for example, by informing us that you have shown an interest in similar goods or services previously.
Our advertising partners may collect information about you when you use our services or the services of others. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection of your information by our advertising partners, and we therefore recommend that you review their privacy policies for more information. You can find out more in “How to adjust your preferences” below.
How do ad identifiers and similar technologies work?
Advertisers on mobile devices sometimes use advertising (or ad) identifiers to enable and optimise their advertising. Ad identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal device identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple’s ID for advertising, or IDFA. See below for you can reset these identifiers or indicate your preference that they should not be used for advertising purposes.
Third parties who advertise on our Services may use cookies or similar technologies such as tracking pixels in their advertising. These technologies operate either by: (i) placing a small file which stores some information on your computer or mobile device; and/or (ii) by accessing information on your device. These technologies allow the collection of data, such as your device’s model, operating system and screen size, the other applications installed on your device, and information about how you use our services.
How to adjust your preferences
You can choose to prevent your device’s ad identifier being used for interest based advertising, or you can reset your device’s ad identifier, by changing the settings of your device. Settings vary from device to device but you will usually find the ad identifier settings under “privacy” or “ads” in your device’s settings.
If you live in the USA, Europe or Canada, you can also opt-out from the collection of your information by some or all of our advertising partners who participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ (for US users), http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ (for European users) or http://youradchoices.ca/choices (for Canadian users). You can also click on the AdChoices logo within an advertisement (where available).
Please note that adjusting your preferences as described in this section does not mean you will no longer receive adverts, it only means the adverts you do see will be less relevant to your interests.
Alternatively, if you do not wish us to collect data as described in this section, you should stop using our services.
Severability
Should one or more provisions of these Terms of Use be found to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision(s) shall be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and/or enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use, which will remain in full force and effect.
You agree that we may, in our sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the app with or without notice and for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of these Terms of Use. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.
Third Party Content – Android
AndroidSlidingUpPanel – Copyright 2015 umano
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the « License »); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an « AS IS » BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
AndrNineOldAndroids – Copyright 2015 Jake Wharto
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the « License »); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an « AS IS » BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
Gson – Copyright 2015 Google
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the « License »); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an « AS IS » BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
Picasso – Copyright 2015 Square, Inc.
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the « License »); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an « AS IS » BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
ListViewAnimations – Copyright 2015 Niek Haarman
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the « License »); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an « AS IS » BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
Recycler view V7 – Copyright 2015 The Android Open Source Project
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the « License »); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an « AS IS » BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
Appcompat v7 – Copyright 2015 The Android Open Source Project
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the « License »); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an « AS IS » BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
Third Party Content – iOS
Facebook sdk : https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios
Parse : https://www.parse.com
Flurry : http://www.flurry.com
CTFeedback : https://github.com/rizumita/CTFeedback
Vungle : http://www.vungle.com
adColony : http://www.adcolony.com
AFNetworking : http://afnetworking.com
Last update: 9th of July 2018
Help
Contact
Terms of Use
Your music, your style!
EqualizerPlus is a new way to listen to your music. Designed for everyone, the app is easy-to-use and enables all music lovers to tailor their songs to their taste.
About Equalizer +
Eager to learn more about the App ?
Check our
Press Kit page!
Download the App
© 2016 Equalizer +. All Rights Reserved.