Wun Zinn
Mobile App
အသံုးျပဳပံု
Magazine
ဆိုင္စာရင္း
Buy Codes
About
Wun Zinn Blog
Privacy Policy
Wun Zinn knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting wunzinn.com and using Wun Zinn mobile applications, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Wun Zinn Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Wun Zinn experience. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing content list for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses wunzinn.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of wunzinn.com on other Web sites.
Mobile: When you download or use apps created by Wun Zinn, we may receive information about your location, your mobile device including a unique identifier for your device and your information on Facebook profile. We may use this information to provide you with location-based promotions and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from wunzinn.com if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as Recommended for You .
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of wunzinn.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Does wunzinn.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries wunzinn.com controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering books, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers:
Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of Wun Zinn customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address.
Protection of Wun Zinn and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Wun Zinn, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit wunzinn.com or use Wun Zinn mobile applications, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the Republic of Union of Myanmar. If you have any concern about privacy at Wun Zinn, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Facebook Data Deletion Instruction
We do not save your personal data in our server. According to Facebook policy, we have to provide User Data Deletion Callback URL or Data Deletion Instructions.
If you want to delete your activities for Wun Zinn App, you can remove your information by following these steps:
1. Go to your Facebook Account’s Setting & Privacy. Click “Settings”
2. Look for “Apps and Websites” and you will see all of the apps and websites you linked with your Facebook.
3. Search and Click “Wun Zinn”.
4. Click “Remove”.
5. Congratulations, you have succesfully removed your app activities.
How users can request Data Deletion
If you want to remove your data from our system , you can directly request to (
[email protected]
). We undertake to perform the deletion within one month (30 calendar days) and will send you a confirmation once the information has been deleted. Wherever possible, we will aim to complete the request in advance of the deadline.
App Download
Credit Code ဝယ္ရန္...
စာေရးဆရာမ်ား ...
ခင္ေဆြဦး
တိုးတက္
မင္းကိုႏိုင္
မိုးမိုး (အင္းလ်ား)
ႏိုင္ေဇာ္ (Lazy Club)
Synergy Publishing
သန္း၀င္းလိႈင္
ရာျပည့္
ခ်စ္ဦးညိဳ
အၾကည္ေတာ္
ခ်စ္ႏိုင္(စိတ္ပညာ)
ေမာင္သိန္းေအာင္(ႏိုင္ငံျခားေငြ)
ေအးရိပ္ျငိမ္စာေပ
သန္းျမင့္ေအာင္
ေမာင္စူးစမ္း
စမ္းစမ္းႏြဲ႕(သာယာ၀တီ)
ေမာင္စိန္၀င္း(ပုတီးကုန္း)
ျမသန္းတင့္
ေမာင္ထြန္းလြင္(မိုးေလ၀သ)
ဆရာခ်မ္း
ဥပေဒ
ထက္ျမက္
ေဒါင္းစာေပ
ဇာဂနာ
လင္းသိုက္ညႊန္႔(ျမန္မာ့ေျမ)
ေဒါက္တာသိန္းလြင္
လာဘ္မိုးေဆြ
ေမာင္ေမာင္ျမင့္ေအး
ေရႊဥေဒါင္း
ၾကည္မင္း
ညီမင​္းညိဳ
အရိုး
ၿဖိဳးေ၀(မဟာ၀ိဇၹာ)
မင္းလူ
ၾကည္ႏူိင္
လူေန
လြန​္းထားထား (ေ​ဆးတကၠသိုလ​္)
စာေရးဆရာအစံု
သန္းေဆြ
သိုးေဆာင္း
အရွင္ဆႏၵာဓိက
ေ​နေ​နာ​​္
မင္းဒင္
သတိုးေတဇ
မိုးစက္၀ိုင္
ဒီႏိုဗို
သခင္ကိုုယ္ေတာ္မိႈင္း
သူေဝး
မင္းခိုက္စိုးစံ
ဆုေလးႏြယ္ (ရန္ကုန္တကၠသိုလ္)
စိုးမင္းဦး
ပန္းသီခိုင္
မင္းတေခတ္
ေခတ္ေသြး
ေညး
သင့္လူ
လံုမ
ေခတ္ပ်ိဳျဖဴ
ဟန္သုေသာ္
ျမတ္ခိုင္
မာကီ (၈၈ မ်ိဳးဆက္)
ဦးဘုန္း (ဓာတု) မႏၱေလး
ဟိန္း(ဘူမိ)
ငါတုိ႔စာေပ
ေျမလတ္ေမာင္ျမင့္သူ
လင္းညႇိဳ႕ေသြး
Quality Publishing
ျမေႏွာင္းညိဳ
ျပည့္ပိုင္မွဴးအိမ္
ဆရာဒဂုန္
သစၥာနီ
မဇိၥ်မ
သိပၸံေမာင္ဝ
မွဴးသစ္
သရဝဏ္(ျပည္)
ပဥၥဂံစာေပ
ေဒါက္တာထြန္းဝင္း
ေရႊကူေမႏွင္း
Faces Media Group
သန္းစိုးႏုိင္
ဂ်င္မီ
ေဒါက္တာ ခင္ပန္ႏွင္း
ေအာင္ႏုိင္ျမင့္
MODA
မိုးဆက္လင္းထက္
ေဇာ္ဂ်ီ
သွ်င္မ
ေသာ္ဇင္အုန္း
ေလးကိုတင္
တင့္ေဆြ (ဖ်ာပံု)
သင္းသင္းသာ
Eternal Light
သိန္းေဖျမင့္
ေရႊအျမဳေတ
စံုနံ႕သာ
The Irrawaddy
ICT Digest
ဂ်ဴး
မင္းသုဝဏ္
ေမာင္ကိုကို (အမရပူရ)
ခိုင္မီမီဇင္
အာရွအလင္း စာေပ
ျမျမစိမ္း
ပါရမီစာေပ
စိမ့္စိမ့္ေအး
Myanmar Banking and Finance
ေမာင္ေက်ာ္သာ (ပဲခူး)
ေကာင္းသန္႕
မင္းသစ္
ဝင္းျငိမ္း
မ်ိဳးကိုမ်ိဳး
ဦးတင္ဦး (က်ဴရွင္)
တင္ေမာင္ျမင့္
ေမာင္သာခ်ိဳ
ကလ်ာ
ေမာ္ကြန္း
ျမန္မာ သံေတာ္ဆင့္
Hello Madam
မုိဇာလ်န္းေဝ
သန္းစိုး (ေဘာဂေဗဒ)
ေမဇြန္ေအး
မူပိုင္ႏွင္းဆီ
ေမာင္ေဆာင္းခ
ဓမၼ
မေဟသီ
ႏွင္းေဝျငိမ္း
ေဒါက္တာသန္းျငိမ္း
မိခ်မ္းေဝ
နီနီႏိုုင္ (သထံုု)
Asia Fame Media
လင္းထိုုက္ Y.I.T
မင္းၿမတ္သူရ
တင္မိခိုင္
ဇူးေက်ာ္
မအိုုစာ
ရဲသွ်မ္း
ေဝမင္းအိမ္
သိမ္းစိုုး
PICA Media
အရွင္ေဆကိႏၵ
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
© 2015 Bagan Innovation Technology