DECO Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy of IPX Corp. (“we”, “us”, or “our”) applies to the operations that we offer through our service (“DECO STUDIO”). It provides the policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing the information of each visitor to or user of the Service (“you”, “your”, or the “User”).
This privacy policy describes what information we collect and what it's used for. We take protecting your privacy seriously, and we want you to understand exactly how and why we use your information.
Please read this Policy carefully. Your use of the Service will constitute your agreement to this Policy and evidence that you understand this Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect only the minimum information you need to use this service.
Create an account
When you create an account, we may collect email address, name, unique user identifier, device information and id.
When you login through social media, we may collect login information.
Optional Information
We collect your user description and user photo to use services.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In general, we use, disclose or transfer the information we collect from and about you to provide and operate the service. We may also use information:
Response customer's inquiry
Develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain, and protect our products and services.
Monitor, analyze trends and usage to improve our service.
Enhance the safety and security of our products and services.
Enforce our Terms of Service and other usage policies
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
The information we collect, may be shared as follows:
Service Providers
We may disclose the information we collect to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
Third Parties and Partners
We may share the information with our third party partners, including advertisers, researchers. However, we do not sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent.
CCPA Privacy Notice
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Category
Examples
We Collect
We Disclose
A. Identifiers
Name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
Yes
Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)
Name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Yes
Yes
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law
Race or color, ancestry or national origin, religion or creed, age (over 40), mental or physical disability, sex (including gender and pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, military and veteran status.
No
No
D. Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
No
No
E. Biometric Information
Physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics, including DNA, that can be used, singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity, such as imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.
No
No
F. Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application or advertisement.
No
No
G. Geolocation Data
Precise physical location.
No
No
H. Sensory Information
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
No
I. Professional or employment-related information
Job application or resume information, past and current job history, and job performance information.
No
No
J. Non-Public Education Information (as defined in 20 U.S.C. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99)
Records that are directly related to a student maintained by an educational agency or institution or by a party acting for the agency or institution.
No
No
K. Inferences Drawn from Personal Information
Consumer profiles reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Yes
Yes
Your Rights
If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following rights.
Right to Know and Access.
You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the:
categories of Personal Information collected or disclosed by us
purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected by us
categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information
specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you during the past twelve months
Right to Delete.
Subject to certain exceptions, you have the option to delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you.
Right to Non-discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your CCPA privacy rights, subject to certain limitations.
Right to Opt-out.
We do not sell your personal information, so we do not offer an opt out.
International Data Transfers
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world.
    Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to unsure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Privacy Policy.
    Adequate safeguards that we may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and other lawful safeguards.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our service or would like to make a complaint, please contact us (athens_admin@linefriends.com) or by mail using the details provided below;
IPX Corp
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
98, Hannam-daero, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, 004418, KOREA
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify our Privacy Policy from time to time for various reasons including to improve our privacy practices, to reflect changes to our service, and to comply with relevant laws. This Privacy Policy was initially released on May,3,2022
If you are in the European Economic Area, you may contact the Data Protection Officer or our EU representative below or you may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the European Economic Area
<Data Protection Officer>
IPX Corporation
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Yotsuya Tower 23rd, 1-6-1 Yotsuya,
Shinjuku-ku, Tokyo
160-0004 Japan
<EU Representative>
PLAINT // LEGAL
Attn: LINE Corporation EU Representative
Neuer Wall 54, 20354 Hamburg, Germany
+49(0)40 60944190