Privacy Policy - MELO Apps
Toggle navigation
Home
Privacy Policy
English
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Português
Русский
Facebook
Pinterest
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs your use of software applications (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by MELO Apps.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used? User Provided Information
This Application does not use or store any user provided information.
Automatically Collected
Information In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically through Application market places, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. (This does not apply to apps that are required to follow the Google Play Families Policies)
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application free. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. Our “free to use” Application may display “Admob, by Google” banner advertising. Our Application link to the Admob advertising service, using their application interface. The collection and use of personal data by the Admob service is covered by the Google Privacy Partner Policy (
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
). Our Application link with the Admob service making use of a minimal interface that permits the display of banner advertising. Our Application do not provide any of your personal information to the Admob service (e.g. we do not tell Admob anything about you, to enable them to target advertising based on your profile). Our Application include access permissions (e.g. internet access) in order to display the Admob advertising. We have access to limited and anonymous statistical information about the use of our Application from Application market places and Admob by Google.
Your Consent
By using our Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and using cookies for collecting the information in accordance with the Google Terms of Services and cookie use policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at meloappsfree@gmail.com.
Homepage
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Pintrest
© 2020 by MeloApps