Privacy Policy (Apps) – Lazy Geniouz
Lazy Geniouz
Simplicity & Creativity
Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy (Apps)
Home
Contact Us
Privacy Policy (Apps)
Home
Privacy Policy (Apps)
Lazy Geniouz Pvt. Ltd.
built the following Apps –
• Wordlang! (iOS),
• Stickles – StickersApp for Everything (iOS),
• Status, Sticker Saver (Android),
• TexWalls! (Android, iOS),
• Focus (Android)
as Ad Supported apps.
This Apps (SERVICES, hereafter) are provided by
Lazy Geniouz Pvt. Ltd.
at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform the visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Services.
If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Formation, Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Services, the apps & third party libraries may collect some information about you.
This information will be used to log analytics, crash logs, in-app search history (if a feature exists in app), app diagnostics & certain identifiers to identify you & serve better & personalized Ads in the Apps.
Link to privacy policy of third party libraries/service providers used commonly in our Apps:
•
AdMob
•
Firebase
•
Google Play Services
General Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Services, in a case of an error in the app or you send us a Feedback via the App, we collect data and information on your phone called General Data. This General Data may include information such as following –
• App version,
• Network, Device name & model,
• Unique User Ids, Advertising Id,
• App performance metrics (if available),
• Crash logs & app diagnostics (if any),
• Certain files from device for debugging (user initiated action),
• List of Installed App,
etc. when utilizing our Services.
Note: List of installed apps is only used by
Status, Sticker Saver
app to identify & install custom Stickers on third party apps.
Security
We value your trust in providing us a part of your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. All of the collected data & identifiers are securely transmitted & encrypted for security.
Any data that is used for Analytics for building error-free apps & provide new features, cannot be deleted but is indeed protected at the best of our capacity.
Links to other websites
This Services may contain links to other sites in the form of Ads. If you click on an Ad, you will be directed to that respective site. Note that not all of these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites as well as Admob’s. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us from the
Contact Us
Page.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright © 2017-2023.
Lazy Geniouz Pvt. Ltd..