Docomix - Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation
Home
Packages
Download
About Us
About Us
Application for Comics
Comics
Jokes
Joke
Short Jokes
Dad Jokes
Funny Pictures
Memes
Memes
Memes History
Memes Generator
GIF
GIF
Animation maker
Gif Creator
Online Gif
Gif app
Troll
Trolling means
Trolls Movie
Troll Characters
How to Make Animated Comic
Follow us on twitter
Follow us on facebook
PRIVACY POLICY
As your privacy is very important to us we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information if any.
The following points outlines our privacy policy
We will protect your information, if collected, by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Details and information collected
No personal information will be collected from users. Downloading the app is done anonymously.
Use of the collected information
We won’t disclose any collected information to our agents or sub-contractors or any other third party.
Security
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of any information.
Your information will be stored on our secure and encrypted servers.
User’s information will never be shared outside our company without the user’s consent.
Advertisements
Our app includes commercial content such as advertisements and marketing material that are posted on behalf of various service providers, advertisers or users, who seek to offer goods or services for sale.
We are not responsible for any of the said material, nor for any consequence of user reliance on such material.
We do not recommend and/or encourage you to purchase the goods or the services offered in such material. The responsibility for any of such material lies solely in the hands of the entity who published it.
Third party links or services
Our app may offer and/or include services and/or products that are being supplied by third party companies and/or entities. These entities have their own privacy policies and terms of use.
Our company does not take any responsibility and/or liability regarding the activity and services of these third party companies.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are committed to protecting children’s privacy. This app is not intended for the use of children under the age of 12. All of our services and products are intended for the use of people who are at least 12 years of age.
However, because we have no means to monitor the age of the app’s users, we encourage parents and other adults to explain to children that this app is not intended for their use.
info@docomix.com
© 2024 Docomix. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
Powered by
Codendot