Inspiring Apps Privacy Policy
Last updated June 8, 2022
This Privacy Policy is aimed to inform you (“You”) as a user of Lightroom Presets & Filters Lr (“Application”, “App”, “Service”) about the information that Inspiring Apps LLC (“we”, “us”, “our”), as the Application developer, collects, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and Your options about such use and disclosure. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Application’s Terms of Use. We shall not collect, use or share Your information except as described in this Privacy Policy.
By choosing to use our Service You: (I) agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this Privacy Policy, (II) warrant and guarantee that You are over 13 years of age (or are a parent or guardian with such authority to agree to this Privacy Policy for the benefit of an individual under 13 years of age). Please do not use the Application or access the services provided by it if You do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
What do we collect information for?
enhancing Your user experience on our Service by operating, maintaining, and providing You with all of the content and features of the Service;
providing You with customer support. We may use Your Personal Information to respond to Your requests for technical support, Service information or to any other communication You initiate (“customer support purposes”);
performing research and analysis about Your use of, or interest in, our products, services or content, or products, services or content offered by others (“analytics purposes”);
communicating with You via email, push notifications, reminders and/or through other digital methods about products or services that may be of interest to You from us. You can opt out of receiving push notifications by changing the settings on Your device;
developing and providing content and advertising tailored to Your interests on our Service and other third party services (“marketing purposes”);
detecting and resolving any fraud or other illegal or undesirable user behavior;
taking legally-required actions.
What kind of information do we collect?
We may collect information that can identify You, such as Your name and email address (“Personal Information”), and other information that does not identify You, as listed below.
Information You provide
the information You provide: email address, experience using the app. We may collect and store the above-mentioned information when You use the Service or provide it to us in some other manner, for example by corresponding with us (by email or chat, for instance) when You report a problem with the Service or when You subscribe to any of our services, or search for a service;
Note: Information about a third party
When You provide us with information about a third party, You must have the consent of that third party before providing us with that information. By providing us with information regarding a third party You warrant that You have their permission to provide that information to us.
Information collected automatically
Device information that may include information specific to Your mobile device (e.g., OS version, hardware model, unique device identifier, mobile network information); use of features, functions, or notifications on the device. 
                Usage information: information about the use of the App, such as frequency of use, engagement with particular features, which sections of the App user visits and common use patterns.
Location: IP address, time zone, mobile service provider.
Cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data stored on Your device used as an anonymous unique identifier. Please note that cookies commonly do not contain personal information. This Service does not use these cookies explicitly.
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
With whom and what do we share this information for and how may we disclose it?
Service Providers
We may share Your Personal Information with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf, such as our authorized service providers or analytics providers. In general, the third-party providers engaged by us will only collect, use and disclose Your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us, e.g. facilitating our Service and analyzing how our Service is used. Please note that they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
You can learn more about third parties - service providers with whom we may share Your Personal Information as described above hereunder, along with links to such service providers privacy policies, which we recommend You read:
Firebase Analytics
How you can access your information
If You would like to update or correct any information that You have provided to us through Your use of the Service, You may use the Service to do so. If You need help with rectification of data You think is inaccurate, please contact us via email at
inspiring7apps@gmail.com
EU residents. Individuals residing in the countries of the European Union have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data introduced by the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”). Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to Personal data (including in a structured and portable form), as well as to seek to update, delete or correct Personal data.
How We Secure Your information
Security is our highest priority. Our App has been designed with Your security and privacy in mind.
While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we make all reasonable efforts to prevent it. However, You should bear in mind that submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure.
Children’s Privacy
This Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (for European Union the age is 16). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we shall take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account. If You are a parent or a guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions.
Retention
We will retain Your information for as long as the Application is installed on Your mobile device or as needed to provide You with our Service. If You remove the Application, we will remove Your information and use copies of Your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including for tax and accounting purposes), resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of Application or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
How can you contact us about this Policy
Please submit any questions, concerns or comments You have about this Privacy Policy at inspiring7apps@gmail.com