Privacy Policy | SRIAPPS
Privacy Policy
SRIAPPS (“Service”, “SRIAPPS”, "we," "us," or  "our") collects information from you in order to provide better  service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and  this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.
What  information we use and how we use it:
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Facebook
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service
To provide the Service on our behalf
To perform Service-related services
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Read  phone status and identity
This permission allows SRIAPPS to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller  name while some one is calling, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Read your text messages (SMS or MMS)
We do not save or upload your messages. We use this permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Take pictures and videos
This permission allows SRIAPPS  to  use your device’s camera to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash. We do not save or upload your photos/videos.
Approximate location (network-based)
This permission allows SRIAPPS to identify and display your location on map or apps installed by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users’ location. This information is untraceable.
Read your contacts
SRIAPPS does not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts in SRIAPPS search bar.
Read calendar events plus confidential information
This information is used only in the SRIAPPS to remind you of your latest calendar events. We do not save or upload any of your calendar information.
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
This permission allows SRIAPPS to delete app data(image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
Read the contents of your USB storage
This permission allows SRIAPPS to view app data(image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
Set an alarm
This permission allows users to access the device's alarm through SRIAPPS clock widget.
Find accounts on the devices
SRIAPPS does not recognize or save your account information for any programs. SRIAPPS only detects whether users have a Google account linked with the device which helps us confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application download and update methods.
Read Google service configuration
This information is used to acquire advertising ID. SRIAPPS provide users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID.
Change network connectivity
This permission is used in SRIAPPS settings and notification toolbar, in order to change/check network connectivity.
Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi
This permission is used in SRIAPPS settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
Full network access
This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including receiving update notifications or accessing app classification labels.
View network connections
This permission is used in SRIAPPS settings and notification toolbar, in order to view network connections.
View Wi-Fi connections
TThis permission is used in SRIAPPS settings and notification toolbar, in order to view Wi-Fi connections.
Access Bluetooth settings
This permission is used in SRIAPPS settings, in order to turn on and off the Bluetooth.
Pair with Bluetooth devices
This permission is used in SRIAPPS settings, in order to pair with Bluetooth devices.
Close other apps
This permission is used in SRIAPPS Boost in order to turn off the back-end apps and make the phone run faster.
Retrieve running apps
This permission is used in SRIAPPS Boost in order to view the running apps.
Run as startup
SRIAPPS will run as startup to provide users with a launcher service.
Draw over other apps
This permission allows the SRIAPPS Free Swipe tab to be displayed as a floating window on other apps.
Control vibration
This permission allows SRIAPPS to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.
Adjust your wallpaper size
This permission allows users to crop SRIAPPS wallpaper to the desired size.
Set wallpaper
This permission allows users to set a selected SRIAPPS  image as their wallpaper.
Read sync settings
This permission is used in SRIAPPS power’s save mode, and allows SRIAPPS to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off.
Toggle sync on and off
This permission is used in SRIAPPS power’s save mode, and allows SRIAPPS to synchronize with the user's sync settings.
Expand/collapse status bar
This permission is used for the gesture feature of SRIAPPS User System to expand and collapse the status bar.
Install shortcuts
This permission is used to install shortcuts on other launchers, so users can continue to use SRIAPPS related functions.
Measure app storage space
This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage space used by an application.
Modify system settings
This permission is used in SRIAPPS settings, in order to switch or adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
Read Home settings and shortcuts
This permission is used to acquire the user’s Home settings and shortcuts, in order to maintain user preferences.
Uninstall shortcuts
This permission allows SRIAPPS to delete the shortcuts created by SRIAPPS in other Android launchers.
Photos⁄Media⁄Files
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
Test access to protected storage
When user recommends friends to download SRIAPPS by sharing to social network, we need to save an introduction picture to be shared on SD card. We won’t access other file on SD card.
Device & app history
Retrieve running apps
We use this information to boost your Android phone effectively, clean your device's RAM and make your phone speed up in depth.
How we protect your information
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
How we share your information
We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public or SRIAPPS.
COPYRIGHT
All content (Trademarks and Copyrights) used here are under the terms of Fair Use and the Digital Millennium Copyrights Act (DMCA). However, as most of the content is suggested and sent to us by users through mail or by Facebook page, if you are the copyright owner who believe that your content has been uploaded without authorisation please report us by sending mail to some28@gmail.com. We will act on the report and take it down.
Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
SRIAPPS may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
Contact us
If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests, please contact us on our
 email at
jagadeesh996633@gmail.com