TERMS OF USE
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
You should carefully read the following Terms and Conditions. This is a legal agreement between
"
YOU
"
,
the user of
"
NOTEBOOKS
"
hereinafter referred to as
"
Application"
and
"
DROID-VEDA LLP
"
hereinafter referred to as the
"
Company
"
.
Your purchase or use of this Application implies that you have read and accepted these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to any of the conditions
    below, do not download / continue the usage of this Application.
The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement in future. Your continued use of this Application
    or the Services after the posting of revisions to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of such revisions.
1.
Proprietary Rights.
2.
Data Protection.
3.
Disclaimer of Warranty.
4.
Term and Termination.
5.
Revision Date.
1. Proprietary Rights
As a user of the Application or a user registered to use any of the Services (a "Registered User"), you agree to the following:
This application is solely the property of the Company. You do not own/claim any rights or ownership over any part of the Application. Any fee if paid by
    You prior to your usage of this Application is only to grant access or use the application and its services.
You are not eligible / allowed to reverse engineer, hack, and make illegal copies of the Application. Any act by you of the above mentioned types is a
    violation of the agreement and renders you in-eligible to use the Application.
2. Data Protection
This application does not use any mechanism to encrypt the data. The Company is not responsible for any data theft/ loss that might occur due to an
    existing issue or any issue/bug/errors that might be discovered at any later point of time in the Application.
3. Disclaimer of Warranty
The Company does not make any warranty or guarantee regarding the safety of data stored in the application. If this Application has features that allows or
    makes use of any third party application to store or transmit your data in any form, then the use of any such feature by You is also an acceptance of the
    agreement that may be imposed by the third party.
The Company and any Affiliated Party shall not be liable for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of any kind resulting in any way from
a. Any errors in or omissions in the Application or any services or products obtainable there from.
b. The unavailability or interruption of the Application or any features thereof.
c. Your use of the Application.
d. The content contained on the Application.
e. Any delay or failure in performance beyond the control of a Covered Party.
f. Any error in any third party application that might be used with the Application.
g. Any loss of data that might be a result of an existing error in the Application.
4. Term and Termination
This Agreement will become effective upon your acceptance of the Agreement by your use of the Application or the Services and will remain in effect in
    perpetuity unless terminated hereunder. The Company reserves the right to immediately suspend or terminate your access to any of the Services, without
notice, for violation or non-compliance with this Agreement or any other part of this Agreement, or Privacy Policy, or for any other reason or no reason
5.
Revision Date.
This Agreement was last revised on August 22, 2013
Copyright
DROID-VEDA LLP
All Rights Reserved
.
DROID-VEDA LLP
Limited is the sole proprietor of the mark
NOTEBOOKS
in all its forms. Other trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.