Privacy Policy PDF Reader - All PDF Viewer
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
TopTap Apps
Privacy Policy PDF Reader - All PDF Viewer
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
September 27, 2022
Privacy Policy
TopTap Studio built the PDF Reader app which provide you a comprehensive platform to view and read PDFs. This SERVICE is provided by TopTap Studio at no cost and is intended for use as it is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at PDF Reader unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
We provide this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information that we access in order to provide our “Services”. PDF Reader is data controller with respect to Individuals’ personal information that we collect and process in connection with the Services; and PDF Reader is data processor with respect to Enterprises’ personal information that we collect and process in connection with the Services.
1: Information we collect:
In the App, if you sign in with Google, we may gather your personal data including your name, email address and postal code to let the App perform its functions. If you create an Account using your login credentials from one of your account such as Google, we’ll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other information that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to access.
Information related to use of services:
Our servers automatically record some data about how someone uses our services ("log data"), including account holders and non-account holders (either, a "user"). Log data may include certain data such as the user's IP address, browser type, operating system, the pages or features of our services that the user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, Links to our services. One user clicked and other statistics. We use log data to manage the services and we can improve, customize and tailor our services by enhancing and tailoring the features and functionalities of our services to suit the needs and preferences of our customers. Analyze log data to enhance (and add third parties to analyze. We may use a person's IP address to collect aggregate, anonymous data about where our services are used) In addition, for these purposes and to provide you with better access and experience to our services, we may allow certain parties to collect and use your information.
Information related to your mobile device:
When you use our Services, we may collect certain data sent through your mobile device, such as the device identifier, the number of your devices and the type you use to connect to the Service. , User Settings, Device Storage, Android ID, Mobile Advertising Identifier, such as iOS IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs (collectively, "Mobile IDs"), HDID and the operating system of your devices (e.g., iOS, Android etc.), as well as data about your use of our Services.
2. Location Data:
When you use our services, our third-party service providers (such as Google Analytics, Firebase, Facebook Analytics, Flurry, etc.) collect your location data by changing your IP address to an uneven geographic location. Can and can provide us. We may use such location data to improve and personalize our services for you.
Information Received from Our Partners and Other Third Parties
We may also link your subscription information to data information we receive from our partners or other parties (such as Google Analytics, Firebase, Facebook Analytics, Flurry, etc.) to make our services easier for you. To help you better understand your needs and provide you with a better service experience. Use of information received from Google APIs will comply with the Google API Services User Data Policy, including limited usage requirements.
Contact Information for Technical Support:
We may also record the contents of your email, telephone and conversation when you contact us by email or call for service support, in order to resolve your questions regarding our use of the Services. To help us get in touch with you for updates and support.
3: How We Use Your Information:
Depending on our relationship with you and the Services that we are providing. We process your information for specific purposes, we use information for the following purposes:
(1) Services of troubleshooting, customizing, identifying, supporting activities.
(2) Facilitate our Services.
(3) Protect security.
(4) Comply with our legal obligations
(5) Provide Ad Services
(6) Communicate with you.
We may use your information only when we have a valid legal basis.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Data:
This data is not used to identify your identity. Non personal data is used to understand how people use our service. This help us to improve our services towards user needs. We may, at our sole discretion, collect, use, process, transfer or disclose non-personal data for other purposes.
We will keep your information and non-personal data separate and use each one freely. If we combine non-personal data with your information, the combined data will be treated as personal data. We will protect the privacy of your information through strong security in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Who We Share Your Information with:
We will not share any information we have collected from you or about you except as described below and we will only share the necessary information on a minimum basis:
Information Shared with Our Services Providers:
We may engage third party service providers to work with us to manage and deliver services. Such third party service providers will have access to your information for the purpose of providing you with basic services. You will find a list of our service providers and their privacy policies at the following URL:
Firebase
Stripe
Paypal
Information Shared with Our Advertisement Providers:
Typically, we share service information with direct or third party ad providers to provide advertising services. You will find a list of our Ad Partners and their privacy policies at the following URL:
Facebook
Google
Smaato
Information Shared with Software Development Kit (SDK):
We may share your information with SDK providers to achieve relevant goals. You will find a list of providers and privacy policies for their services at the following URL.
Stripe
Microsoft
Facebook
Onedrive
Google
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions:
The information we collect from our users/customers is considered our business asset. Thus, if we are engaged in a transaction with a third party such as a merger, acquisition or sale of assets or if our assets have been acquired through a third party in case we go out of business or go bankrupt However, some or all of our assets, including your information, may be disclosed or transferred to a third party recipient of such transactions.
Information Required by Law:
We work with the government and law enforcement or private parties to enforce and enforce the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement or private parties as we deem necessary or appropriate in our discretion to: (i) respond to claims, including legal action (including Sub requests) (ii) our property, rights and protections and the property, rights and protections of any third party or public as required or permitted by law; And (iii) stopping any activity we consider.
4: Other Data Shared with Third Parties:
We may share aggregate data and non-personal data with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
5: Cross-border Transfer of Information:
As we are a global company, it may be necessary for us to transfer your information to any third party affiliated with us or with whom we have a cooperative relationship, and such information may be transmitted to computers and / or outside of you. Can be maintained on other existing servers. State, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction in whole or in part. ("Cross-border information transfer").
Please note that where necessary for the provision of services, we will transfer personal information to countries / territories outside of your countries / territories and may provide appropriate protection to your personal information. No, however, we have taken appropriate security measures to ensure that your personal information is protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you would like to know more about such cross-border transfer of information, please send your e-mail. We will handle your response properly but please note that if you refuse to cross-border transfer of information Our services may not be available to you.
Your Rights in relation to Our Use of Your Information:
We grant the following rights to protect your information for our global users:
(1)Right of Access: You have the right to information about your personal data, which has been processed at our request.
(2) Right to Rectification. You have the right to correct or amend your information if it is incorrect in any manner.
(3) Right to Withdraw Your Consent.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. As a result, we are not allowed to exercise this consent in the future. This does not affect the legality of the action taken on the basis of consent at the point of withdrawal.
(4) Right to Erasure.
You have the right to delete your information from us under the following conditions:
A. The purpose of the relevant processing has been achieved.
B. We have processed your information illegally.
C. You have withdrawn your consent to data processing without any legal basis.
D.  If you have successfully objected to data processing.
E. In cases where there is a responsibility to delete information, based on EU law or EU member state law to which we are subject.
6: Complaints:
You can exercise your right to access, update and delete your information:
In the settings of your Apps, or
In the settings of your Products, or you could contact us at
officetools360@gmail.com
And we will assist you to exercise your right.
We may provide other rights to residents of certain countries / territories under the locally applicable Data Protection Act. We respect and adhere to a wide range of ways to protect your information, no matter where you live.
If you have any questions about these rights or would like to use any of them, please contact us by email at
officetools360@gmail.com
.
Below are more details on how to stay in touch.
7. The Security and Storage of Your Information:
To protect the information that we collect from or about you from unauthorized access, we take all reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures.
We use encryption to keep your data private during transit.
We offer security features, such as 2-step verification to protect your account;
We restrict access to personal information to our team who need that information to process it. Anyone accessing it is subject to the obligations of confidentiality of the Agreement and may be forfeited or terminated if it fails to fulfill these obligations. However, please note that no transmission on the Internet is completely secure or error-free. And the rules may be subject to compromise. When you use our Services on your computing and mobile devices (“Devices”), such as by using one of our downloadable applications, some of your data will be stored locally on such Devices.
When you sync your devices with our service, such data will be copied to servers located in the United States, Singapore, India, Paris, Japan or Russia. This means that if you store your data in our sites or apps, you can move your information to any of these countries and / or districts, depending on your location. Hosting and access will be provided.
Data privacy laws or regulations in your home country may differ from where you are located. We will collect, store and use your data or information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws, wherever it may be processed.
Data privacy laws may differ from your location to from your home country. We will collect, store and use your data or information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws wherever it may be processed.
8. How Long We Retain Your Information:
We will retain your account information as long as your account is active or you need to provide the products or services you have requested or authorized, including the performance of the products or services Maintaining and improving the security of the system. We also hold personal data in order to maintain proper business and financial records, protect our legal interests, resolve disputes, or comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
9. Our Policy towards Children:
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 16 years and we do not knowingly collect, store, share or use personal data from children under 16. If you are a child under 16, you are not permitted to use and install our products unless your parent provides verifiable consent. If we learn that we have collected personal data of a child under 16, unless we have first obtained verifiable, explicit parental permission for collecting personal data of such child, we will delete the information as soon possible.
Once a child downloads, installs or uses any of our Services, in whole or part, such action shall be deemed representing that his/her parents agree with our policies, terms and conditions including but not limited to this Privacy Policy.
10. Links to Other Sites:
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third-party Services that you access.
11. Additional Privacy Information for EEA Residents:
In this section, we provide additional information to European Economic Area (EEA) residents, as required under EU privacy laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
(1) Legal Basis of Processing Information
We process information if one of the following applies:
A. Necessary for entry into, or performance of, any contract(s) with you (Art 6(1)(b) of the GDPR). This applies to section 5(1) to provide the Services, which include troubleshooting, customizing, identifying, supporting.
B. Necessary for the legitimate interests of us, where these are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms (Art 6(1)(f) of the GDPR). This applies to section 5(2) to improve and develop our Services, 5(3) to protect the security and prevent criminal activity.
C. Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject (Art 6(1)(c) of the GDPR). This applies to section 5(4) to comply with our legal obligations.
D. In limited circumstances and to the extent the legal bases for processing set out above do not apply, processed with your consent (Art 6(1)(a) of the GDPR). This applies to section 5(5) to provide and improve the Ad Services, 5(6) to communicate with you.
12. Cross-border Transfer of Information:
If you are based within EEA, please note that where necessary to deliver the services, we will transfer personal information to countries/territories outside the EEA (e.g., USA). Countries/territories outside the EEA may not provide an adequate level of protection to your personal information; however, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The safeguard we primarily rely upon is the European Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses.
(3) GDPR Rights
In general, EEA residents have the following rights with respect to their personal information:
A. Right to Object. You have the right to object to the processing of your information. If you object, we will no longer process your information unless we can prove compelling legitimate reasons for the processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims on our part.
B. Right to Restriction of Processing. You have the right to request us to process your information only to a restricted extent under the following conditions:
the accuracy of your information is contested;
you request limited processing instead of deletion under the conditions of a justified right of erasure;
the data is no longer required for the purposes pursued by us, but you need the information to assert, exercise or defend legal claims; or
the success of an objection is still disputed.
C. Right to Data Portability. You have the right to receive from us information concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, as well as the right to request us to forward this information to another controller under the following conditions:
the processing is based on consent or the contract, or
the processing is carried out by automated means.
13. Additional Privacy Information for California Residents:
In this section, we provide additional information to California residents, as required under California privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). This section does not apply to publicly available information lawfully made available by state or federal government records, deidentified information, aggregate consumer information, or other personal information that is exempt under the CCPA (such as information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act).
While our collection, use and disclosure of personal information varies based upon our relationship and interactions with you, in this section we describe, generally, how we have collected and disclosed personal information about California residents in the prior 12 months (from the Last Updated date above), and the rights California residents have under the CCPA regarding this personal information.
CCPA Rights
In general, California residents have the following rights with respect to their personal information:
Do-not-sell (opt-out): to opt-out of our sale of their personal information, including those we have actual knowledge are younger than 16.
Right of deletion: to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them and to have such personal information deleted, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will review your request to see if an exception allowing us to retain the information applies.
Right to know: with respect to the personal information we have collected about them in the prior 12 months, to require that we disclose the following to them (up to twice per year and subject to certain exemptions):
A. categories of personal information collected
B. categories of sources of personal information
C. categories of personal information about them we have disclosed for a business purpose or sold
D. categories of third parties to whom we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose their personal information
E. the business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling their personal information
F. a copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them
Right to non-discrimination: the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
Submitting CCPA Requests
California residents may submit CCPA requests to exercise their “Right to know (access)” and “Right of deletion” to
officetools360@gmail.com
When you submit a request to know or a request to delete, we will take steps to verify your request by matching the information provided by you with the information we have in our records. You must provide your name and contact information to verify your request. In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or where necessary to process your request. If we are unable to adequately verify a request, we will notify the requestor. Authorized agents may initiate a request on behalf of another individual by contacting us by email; authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity and the authority of the authorized agent.
14. Revision to this Privacy Policy:
Any information that is collected through our Services is currently subject to the Privacy Policy that such information is collected. We may review this Privacy Policy from time to time in accordance with the law. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting such changes on our websites or by sending you emails or other notifications, and we will update the date of the last update above. Will update to indicate when such changes took effect.
Contact Information
Please contact us at your convenience if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy through the following ways:
E-mail contact:
officetools360@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
Music Player  Terms & Conditions
June 22, 2022
Terms & Conditions By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Office Tools- PDF Document Reader_Music Player MP3. Office Tools- PDF Document Reader_Music Player MP3 is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what y
Read more
Music Player Privacy Policy
June 22, 2022
Privacy Policy Office Tools- PDF Document Reader_Music Player MP3 built the Music player- Play MP3 Music app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Office Tools- PDF Document Reader_Music Player MP3 at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Music player- Play MP3 Music unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use Information We Collect We collect information that you provide
Read more
Document Reader PDF Word & XLS Terms & Conditions
June 23, 2022
Terms & Conditions By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Office Tools- PDF Document Reader_Music Player MP3. Office Tools- PDF Document Reader_Music Player MP3 is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly wha
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Toptap Apps
Visit profile
Archive
July 2023
2
March 2023
1
February 2023
2
January 2023
2
October 2022
2
September 2022
2
June 2022
6
Report Abuse