New Messenger 2021
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
New Messenger 2021
Privacy Policy
Policy New Messenger 2021
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at SMS - Messaging unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy
This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own, or any third party features or services made available via an Application, the Services or the Site. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the Site belong to their respective owners.
The Application is intended for people who are competent to contract under applicable law. Individuals who are considered a minor in applicable jurisdictions are not permitted to use this application unless the complete Agreement is seen and agreed by parents or their legal guardians under applicable law.
1. Collection and Use:
1.1. We use the "Send & Receive SMS" permission for the main purpose of the app, which is to send and receive messages, in addition, we collect the message content only for the purpose of displaying the message, commit to using nothing other than display.
1.2. We may use your phone number for the purpose of using the service, such as knowing the phone number you sent and received, your sim number (in case your phone has 2 sims) .
1.3. We take a list of phone numbers in your contacts for the purpose of showing friends, allowing you to choose which contacts you want to send SMS/MMS messages to.
1.4.  We do not store the content of your messages or any of your contact information on our servers.
1.
5.
We use your information to communicate with you, to ensure our services are working as intended, to make improvements to our services, to develop our business, and to protect against fraud and spam.
1.
6
. We provide the information we collect to third parties, such as advertisers, in order to provide you with commercial advertisements. The provision of such information generate revenue to pay in part or in whole for the Services. We do not provide personal information to third parties except for billing purposes.
1.
7.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
1.
8.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, share, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service.
2. Users with Whom You Share Your Information
We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other users using an Application, the Services or the Site (including via Forums) or how such other users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.
3. Sharing Of Your Information
3.1 We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
3.2 In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
3.3 Detect, prevent, or otherwise fraud, security or technical issues;
3.4 Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
4.Permissions:
SMS Default
:
Allow app as default SMS system app. The main feature of the app.
READ_CONTACTS
:
allow to read contacts to input number to send and receive sms.
READ_PHONE_STATE
:
allow you can make call from reading message, detal contact,SIM information for each of your messages, allowing you to choose which sim to send the message to.
RECORD_AUDIO:
Allows recording to send audio messages.
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
:
Allows reading images to send photo messages.
5. Changes to This Privacy Policy
When there is an update on the Privacy Policy, we will display the update date at the top of the Policy in an obvious position. We recommend that you carefully check the updated content every time; when you continue to use our products or services, we shall always assume that you agree to the terms and conditions that are effective at the most present time.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse