Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
The privacy of user is our priority. The purpose of this privacy policy is to aware user why we gather data. This privacy policy is applicable to information gather installation of application, use of our app or our website.
Information collection and Use:
For preferable experiences during usage of our service I may need you to give us precise personally identifiable information. The information will be retaining on your device which I request and is not gather by us and used as mention in this privacy policy.
The app use third party service that gather information to indentify you.
Link to Privacy policy of third party service providers utilize by the app
Google play services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Facebook
Log data:
It is to inform you that in whenever you utilize our service, in case of any error in the app I gather data and information via third party service products on your phone device which is known as Log data. The log data comprises of information like device internet protocol (“IP”) address, name of device, version of operating system, app configuration during usage of service, date and time of service usage etc.
Cookies:
Cookies are the files with least amount of data and may consists of anonymous unique identifies.  These cookies saved on device when send from internal memory of your device. We don’t use these cookies absolutely nevertheless this may use libraries and third party code which utilize cookies to gather information and facilitate use to bring improvements in our service. You will receive alerts when cookies send to your device and it’s up to you to accept or reject them. You will not be able to maneuver some of our services if your refuse cookies.
Service provider:
I may recruit third party companies and individuals because of following reasons;
Facilitation of our services.
To anticipate services from our behalf.
To help us in assessment of our service usage.
To carry out services-related services.
It is to inform users of this service that third parties may approach to your personal information due to execution of task assign to them from our side. Furthermore, they are compelled not to reveal or use information for other aims.
Securing Data:
We persuade you the significant of your trust in giving personal information; therefore we are working hard to protect it that is commercially. Please note that no process of transmission on the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% protect and trustable, and I cannot guarantee its utmost security.
Link to Other sites:
This Service may consist of links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please make note that these external sites are not executed by me. Hence, I strongly recommended you to review the Privacy Policy of the mention websites. I have no authority over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s privacy:
These Services do not describe anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally describable information for children under age group of 13 or below. In any case I came to know that Children fewer than 13 ages are mention in my personal information, I will abruptly remove from our services. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has given with personal information, please contact me so that we could immediately take action and resolve the problem.
Amendment in privacy policy:
I hereby by to inform you that our privacy policy may revise from time to time therefore it is advise to make an assessment sporadically. Notification will be made on this page if new privacy policy is updated.
Contact us:
In case of any queries regarding our privacy policy please contact on our mailing address
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse