Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Stylish App World
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
App is just free for use and it doesn't collect any information like personal information your email,contact,or any information so don't be hesitate to use this application.
This app only allow you to edit your picture with given effect that's it with great functionality in app that we have provided to you.
And share this edited picture to anyone with supported application like whats-app,Facebook or any app that interact with image.
Do we use any local file to save your data?
we doesn't use any back-end local file to save your information,it is just fun app to create and make a blend photo.
What we use in your Mobile and Permission?
App require External Storage permission to simply save your art picture that you have created by using this app.And for editing image that is saved in your storage.
Who is Our Advertising Partners ?
Our advertising partners include:
Google
Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their website. For easier access, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained
here
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
This app does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our app, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for users who use our  app with regards to the information that they shared, This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this app.
Consent
By using our app, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at divyeshkhunt@gmail.com
Copyright © Stylish App World
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse