GISMETEO: Terms and conditions
View the mobile version
Weather
News
Maps
Agreement
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
Please read these terms of use carefully before using this site. By using this site, you agree to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this site.
1. General.
This site is owned and operated by MapMakers Group Ltd. (further referred to as “MapMakers”). MapMakers has the right at any time to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of the site, including, without limitation, the content, hours of availability, and equipment needed for access or use of the site.
2. Equipment.
You shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining all telephone, computer hardware and other equipment needed for access to and use of the site and all charges related thereto.
3. Restrictions on Use.
You shall use the site for lawful purposes only. You shall not post or transmit through the site any material which violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others, which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, defamatory, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, vulgar, obscene, profane or otherwise objectionable, which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law. Without MapMakers’s express prior approval, you shall not post or transmit through the site any material which contains advertising or any solicitation with respect to products or services. You shall not use the site to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation, including, without limitation, the solicitation of users to become subscribers of other on-line information services competitive with the site. Any conduct by you that in MapMakers’s discretion restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the site will not be permitted. The site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, without limitation, text, software, photos, video, graphics, music and sound, and the contents of the site are copyrighted under the copyright laws of the Russian Federation. You may not modify, publish, transmit, display, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the content, in whole or in part. You may download one copy of any copyrighted material for your personal, non-commercial home use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without the express written permission of MapMakers and the copyright owner. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyrighted material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. You shall not upload, post or otherwise make available on the site any material protected by copyright, trademark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trademark or other proprietary right and the burden of determining that any material is not protected by copyright rests with you. You shall be solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of copyrights, proprietary rights, or any other harm resulting from such a submission. By submitting material to any public area of the site, you automatically grant, or warrant that the owner of such material has expressly granted MapMakers the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, display, translate and distribute such material (in whole or in part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed. You also permit any other user of the site to access, view, store or reproduce the material for that user’s personal use. You grant MapMakers the right to edit, copy, display, publish and distribute any material made available on the site by you. The foregoing provisions of Section 3 are for the benefit of MapMakers, its subsidiaries, affiliates and its third party content providers and licensors and each shall have the right to assert and enforce such provisions directly or on its own behalf.
4. Disclaimer of Warranty; Limitation of Liability.
You expressly agree that use of the site is at your sole risk. Neither MapMakers, its affiliates nor any of their respective employees, agents, third party content providers or licensors warrant that the site will be uninterrupted or error free; nor do they make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from use of the site, or as to the accuracy or reliability of any information, service or merchandise provided through the site. The site is provided on an «as is» basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, other than those warranties which are implied by and incapable of exclusion, restriction or modification under applicable law. Additionally, there are no warranties as to the results obtained from the use of the site. This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, inaccuracy, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of this site, whether for breach of contract, tortious behaviour (including strict liability), negligence, or under any other cause of action, to the fullest extent permissible by law. This does not affect any statutory rights which may not be disclaimed. You specifically acknowledge that MapMakers is not liable for the defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of other users or third-parties over which it has no control. To the fullest extent permissible by law, in no event shall MapMakers’s total liability to you for all damages, losses and causes of action whether in contract, tort (including its own negligence) or under any other legal theory (including strict liability) exceed the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing this site. This does not affect any statutory rights which may not be disclaimed.
5. Monitoring.
MapMakers shall have the right in its sole discretion to refuse to post or remove any material submitted to or posted on the site. Without limiting the foregoing, MapMakers shall have the right to remove any material that MapMakers, in its sole discretion, finds to be in violation of the provisions hereof or otherwise objectionable.
6. Indemnification.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless MapMakers and its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, actions, demands, damages, costs, liabilities, losses and expenses (including reasonable attorney’s fees) arising out of your use of the site.
7. Trademarks.
Gismeteo and MapMakers and each of their logos are trademarks of MapMakers Ltd. All rights reserved. All other trademarks appearing on the site are the property of their respective owners.
8. Third Party Content.
MapMakers is not a publisher of content supplied by third parties and users of the site. Accordingly, MapMakers has no more editorial control over such content than does a public library, bookstore, or newsstand. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers and users, are those of the respective author(s) or distributor(s) and not of MapMakers. In many instances, the content available through the site represents the opinions and judgments of the respective information provider or user. MapMakers neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made on the site by anyone other than authorized MapMakers employee spokespersons while acting in their official capacities.
9. Viruses.
MapMakers also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
10. Changed Terms.
MapMakers has the right at any time to change or modify the terms and conditions applicable to use of the site, or any part thereof, or to impose new conditions, including, without limitation, adding fees and charges for use. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means including, without limitation, posting on the site, or by electronic or conventional mail, or by any other means. Any use of the site by you after such notice shall be deemed to constitute acceptance of such changes, modifications, additions or deletions.
11. Miscellaneous.
These terms of use constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. These terms of use shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. You hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Federal Republic of Germany, acknowledge that venue is proper in any state or Federal court in the Republic of Germany, agree that any action related to these terms of use must be brought in a state or Federal court in the Republic of Germany, and waive any objection that may exist, now or in the future, with respect to any of the foregoing. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. The section headings used herein are for convenience only and shall not be given any legal import.
12. The MapMakers website incorporates links to other websites.
MapMakers does not in any way endorse, nor is it responsible for, the content on those other websites.
General
Equipment
Restrictions on Use
Disclaimer of Warranty;
Limitation of Liability
Monitoring
Indemnification
Trademarks
Third Party Content
Viruses
Changed Terms
Miscellaneous
Links to other websites
Agreement
Privacy policy
Mobile version
Feedback
© Gismeteo
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to
our use of cookies
Close