AURORA STUDIOS
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
AURORA STUDIOS
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to AURORA STUDIOS and we are committed to protecting your privacy. So we've developed a Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our website or our products, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error report or participate in online surveys and other activities.
Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you've participated in.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal Information is what identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers and information stored within your device.
We will not collect or store your Personal Information and we will not use, transfer or disclose your Personal Information.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We collect your non-personal information when you are using our applications or visiting our website, including your device information, operation system, logs. For example, we may collect IMEI code when you try to reset password.
We may collect the information you provided to us. Please make sure that you will not send us or disclose any sensitive information such as information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, health information, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership of past organizations, including trade union memberships.
We will not sell, trade, or transfer your information to any third party. We will not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, such as combining your unique User Device number with your name.
We may use your Information for the following purposes:
1.to provide our services to you;
2.to assure the safety of products and services we offer via using your information on identification-check, customer services, security, fraud-detection, archives and backups when we are providing you with our services;
3.to help us develop new services and improve our existing services;
4.to better understand how you access and use our services, for the purposes of improving and personalizing our services to better respond your desires and preferences, including language and location setting, personalized services, help and instructions, or other responses to you and other customers on other aspects of our services;
5.to evaluate the effect of advertisements and other marketing scheme we put in our services and improve it;
6.to verify software or administer software upgrades;
7.to allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services.
PRIVACY QUESTIONS
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us: derekwalcottyluna@gmail.com
We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse