Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Sep 19, 2018
This Privacy Policy outlines the practices of bringsgame (the " we", "us" or "our") concerning the collection, use and disclosure of information pertaining to end users.
Personal Information
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
Google  Analytics:
We have used Firebase Analytics. this service may also automatically record your Google Advertising ID (if you are using an Android device) or your Advertising Identifier (IDFA – if you are using an iOS device; together with the Google Advertising ID – "Mobile Advertising IDs"), for advertising or analytics purposes. The Google Advertising ID is an anonymous identifier, provided by Google Play services. If your device has an Advertising ID, we may collect and use it for advertising and user analytics purposes.  Please see below how you can reset you mobile Advertising ID or opt-out of receiving targeted ads through your mobile Advertising IDs.
The purpose of using firebase analytics:
Enable us to improve the performance and quality of our app.
Mobile Device Opt-Out - you may opt out of receiving targeted ads on mobile devices using the Android operating system, by using platform level controls enabled through your device settings. You should consult your device settings and instructions provided by your device manufacturer. However, we provide the following information solely for informational purposes.
If you have an Apple device, you can opt out of targeted advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher, and setting "Limit Ad Tracking" to "ON". You can do this by clicking on Settings -> Privacy -> Advertising, and toggling "Limit Ad Tracking" to "ON". This prevents apps that you use from using your Apple device’s Advertising Identifier to serve you targeted ads. In addition, or as an alternative, you may reset your device’s Advertising Identifier, which will result in your device being disassociated from ad targeting profiles based on the Advertising Identifier in effect prior to reset. You can do this by clicking on Settings -> Privacy -> Advertising -> Reset Advertising Identifier. Again, you should consult Apple’s support web pages and instructions for the most current applicable settings.
If you have an Android device, you can opt out of targeted advertising on your device. You can do this by clicking the menu icon to display the apps list, then find and select the Google Settings icon, then find and select "Ads" and check the box "Opt out of interest-based ads". In addition, or as an alternative, you may reset your device’s Android advertising ID, which will result in your device being disassociated from ad targeting profiles based on the Android advertising ID in effect prior to reset. You can do this by clicking the menu icon to display the apps list, then find and select the Google Settings icon, then find and select "Ads" and selecting "Reset advertising ID". Note that Android settings menus may vary among device manufacturers and these instructions may not be accurate for your device. You should consult Google’s settings and instructions for the most current settings information.
bringsgame will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do so, we will also revise the "last updated" date of the privacy statement.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse