Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The protection of your personal data is very important to us, and we understand our responsibilities to handle your personal data with care, to keep it secure and to comply with legal requirements.
This Privacy Policy was updated on Nov. 11th, 2022.
1. WHAT personal data do Phone Cleaner may collect?
Registration information such as name, age, gender, nationality, birthday, mobile number, etc.
Account information such as profile picture, delivery address, e-mail address, etc.
Other basic information we may collect from you.
Device information including but not limited to device model, device identification number (IMEI and SN), mobile phone number, WIFI MAC address, PLMN, version of android system, version of software and network operator.
Location information accurate or ambiguous location information.
Third-party application ID information: Android ID, Google Advertising ID, Facebook ID, What’s app ID, etc.
Personal Information collected by Phone Cleaner may also include non-identifiable information, which refers to the Personal Information that could not lead to the identification of an individual, such as the number of visits to a website, APP downloads, and other statistics. Phone Cleaner may decide on its own the processing, use, and disclosure of non-identifiable information.
2. What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
3. How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
4. How long do we keep your personal data?
We will retain your personal data for as long as is reasonably necessary. In some circumstances we may retain your personal data for longer periods of time, for example where we are required to do so to meet legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements.
In specific circumstances we may also retain your personal data for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a possibility of legal action relating to your personal data or dealings. Where your personal data is no longer required we will ensure it is either securely deleted or stored in a way which means it will no longer be used by the business.
5. Your consent
By using our apps, you consent to our apps privacy policy.
6. Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
7. Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Email address:
vpnstudio2020@gmail.com
Address:
Jaffe Road Causeway Bay Hong Kong