LoLegacy
Privacy Policy
The LoLegacy mobile application is built by Quoc Hoang Nguyen as an Ad Supported App and it generates revenue through displaying advertisements.
This page informs LoLegacy users of policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when using the App
By using LoLegacy, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance to this policy. The data collection is used to improve the App and I will not use or share your information with anyone unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions except where described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service.
Personal Data
While using our Service, I may ask you to provide certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.  The information is remained in your device and is not collected by me in anyway.
Usage Data
I may also collect information that your mobile device sends whenever you use my Service. This Usage Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol address, device unique ID, device operating system, the time and date that you use my Service and other statistics.
Service Providers
LoLegacy app makes use of third-party companies to facilitate our Service. They facilitate our service, perform Service-related services, provide the Service on our behalf or to assist us in analyzing the use of our Service.
                However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. These third parties may have access to your Personal Data.
•
Firebase Analytics
•
Admob
•
Google Play Services
•
Crashlytics
Security
The security of your data has an important meaning to us and I am responsible to use commercially acceptable practices to protect it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Thus, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contains links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be redirected to that site. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
This Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, I advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy on this page. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me via Email: lolegacy@gmail.com
You must agree to our Privacy Policy to use this app.