PRIVACY POLICY
YUFACE
(Last Updated: March 20, 2023)
PLEASE READ THESE SERVICE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE ‘AGREEMENT’) IN THEIR ENTIRETY BEFORE USING OR RECEIVING ANY SERVICES (AS DEFINED BELOW).
Welly Corp Co., LTD
built the
YuFace
app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by
Welly Corp Co., LTD
at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that We collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
YuFace
unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT OR CANNOT MAKE ANY OF THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO USE OR RECEIVE ANY SERVICES FROM THE COMPANY
1. Information Collection and Use
Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits of our application, we even don't have a Server to store such PII.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
+ Google Play Services. Google Play privacy policy is available at:
https://play.google.com/about/developer-content-policy/
+ Google AdMob. AdMob’s privacy policy is available at:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
+ Firebase Analytics. Firebase’s privacy policy is available at:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/analytics
+ Facebook. Facebook’s privacy policy is available at:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update/printable
+ Unity. Unity ’s privacy policy is available at:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
2. Permissions On Your Device
You can check it in “Settings – Apps” and / or “Settings – Permissions” in your device. In case that you’re unable to carry out relevant steps and adjust the settings in your currently-used product or device, please contact us or the OEM of your device.
Permission
Purpose of Permission
Storage
Used to get photos to make videos and save videos after editing
Audio
Used to record audio when shooting videos
Camera
Used to shoot videos
3. Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
4. Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
5. Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
6. Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
8. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.