Network Speed app by Evozi
Privacy Policy for Network Speed app by Evozi
Privacy Policy
Evozi PLT. ("Evozi") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to data collected by Evozi through www.evozi.com and the software/apps provided and owned by Evozi (collectively, the "Site"), our mobile and desktop apps (the "Apps") and all related sites, widgets, tools, apps, data, software, APIs and other services provided by Evozi (the “Services”)
Evozi reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective to you immediately upon posting. Notice of material changes to either document will be posted on the website’s homepage and/or will be provided by e-mailing you or notifying you upon login about these changes. However, Evozi encourages you to check this Privacy Policy and Terms of Service often for updates.
This Privacy Policy is a part of the terms and conditions which are set forth in our Terms of Service. Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Service. Both the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service are legally binding on all users and you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service.
Please read all information as provided below. Evozi welcomes any questions or comments you may have regarding this Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect, maintain, use or disclose personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"). Any such questions or comments, or if more information regarding any item not listed below is needed, should be submitted via email to support@evozi.com .
At Evozi, the privacy of our users is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Evozi and how it is used.
Can you see or collect my network or graph data?
No. Your network and graph data stays on your device and is never sent to our Evozi servers.
We could not see or collect your network or graph data even under a court order because we have no access to your network or graph data. We don't collect or sell your network data to advertisers.
Why does Network Speed app request the “phone” permission?
The Android OS requires the “phone” permission for the app to see your mobile phone network data. Without this mobile phone permission, it’s impossible for our app to graph your phone’s mobile data. All similar Android apps work the same way. Of course Network Speed app does not make phone calls with your phone and our Android app never accesses the network.
Why does Network Speed app request the “location” permission?
This app obtain information about your location data to enable the following features even when the app is closed or not in use: - Show current Wi-Fi SSID/name on the notification bar even the app is in the background. - Network name on app main page.
NOTES: Your data stays on your device and is never sent to the internet. This will work only if you grant the permission
manually
, leave it turned off will not effect the use of the app unless you need the information to be displayed. More information can be found at
android developer official website.
Notification Access?
For android 8+, it may access notification and snooze annoying "is running in background" / "show on top of other apps" notitifications of your system. This will work only if you grant the notification access
manually
. All information will be used locally, and it will never be saved.
Evozi built the Network Speed app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at tt unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Crashlytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We will NOT employ third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
Security
We provide our best to protect the app from being modify illegally by any third party, any modification to attempt to tamper the app will fail.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Last amended: 2 Sept 2021