Privacy and Security of Data Policy
Ana Sayfa
POLICY
INFORMING
KALIMBA
REAL CLASSICAL GUITAR
REAL GLOCKENSPIEL
REAL ACOUSTIC GUITAR
PLAY REAL DRUM KIT
REAL ELECTRIC GUITAR
PLAY REAL ORG
PLAY REAL CELLO
PLAY HARP
PLAY ELECTRIC DRUMS
REAL BASS GUITAR SOLO
GUN SOUNDS
HORN, ALARM AND SIRENS
FLASHLIGHT
ANIMAL SOUNDS
SOUND OF FIRE ARMS
PRIVACY AND SECURITY OF DATA POLICY
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information.
INFORMING ABOUT THE PERMISSIONS USED ON DEVICES
Some permissions are required for more efficient use of our applications and a better user experience.
KALIMBA
It is a great instrument that lets you play virtual kalimba with your device.
REAL CLASSICAL GUITAR
An easy-to-use classical guitar app for phones and tablets.
REAL GLOCKENSPIEL
Real Glockenspiel application for phones and tablets.
REAL ACOUSTIC GUITAR SOLO
It is the favorite app of those who love  music and playing the acoustic guitar.
PLAY REAL DRUM KIT
Your favorite drum kit app is now on your tablet/mobile device.
REAL ELECTRIC GUITAR
It is a practical and portable electric guitar playing simulator application.
PLAY REAL ORG
The full keyboard organ set for Phones and Tablets!
PLAY REAL CELLO
The excellent cello app for phone and tablet..
PLAY HARP
Relaxing and romantic the favorite app for those who love to play instruments.
PLAY ELECTRIC DRUMS
For you, excellent electric dj drums pads application.
REAL BASS GUITAR SOLO
The perfect bass guitar app for smartphones and tablets!.
GUN SOUNDS
Easy-to-use, explosion and bullet animated gun sounds application are with you.
HORN, ALARM AND SIREN SOUNDS
Great siren and alarm sounds application, now on your phone and tablet.
FLASHLIGHT
Practical pocket flashlight app for your device!
ANIMAL SOUNDS
Excellent and funny animal sounds app, now on your phone and tablet.
SOUND OF FIRE ARMS
Application of Perfect Weapon Sound , now your phone and your tablet.
Privacy and Security of Data Policy
Posted by : Berzanov Development
Privacy Policy and Personal Data Security
Last
updated:
September
19, 2021
(“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“user” or “you”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our mobile application (the “Application”).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE APPLICATION.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party online/mobile store from which you install the Application or make payments, including any in-game virtual items, which may also collect and use data about you. We are not responsible for any of the data collected by any such third party.
This Privacy Policy was created using Termly’s Privacy Policy Generator.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect via the Application depends on the content and materials you use, and includes:
Personal Data
Demographic and other personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) that you voluntarily give to us when choosing to participate in various activities related to the Application, such as chat, posting messages in comment sections or in our forums, liking posts, sending feedback, and responding to surveys. If you choose to share data about yourself via your profile, online chat, or other interactive areas of the Application, please be advised that all data you disclose in these areas is public and your data will be accessible to anyone who accesses the Application.
Derivative Data
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Application, such as your native actions that are integral to the Application, including liking, re-blogging, or replying to a post, as well as other interactions with the Application and other users via server log files.
Mobile Device Access
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s
(eg. recorder,mic, read sd card)
. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Data
Device information such as your mobile device ID number, model, and manufacturer, version of your operating system, phone number, country, location, and any other data you choose to provide.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Application to:
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties.
Deliver targeted advertising, coupons, newsletters, and other information regarding promotions and the Application to you.
Email you regarding your account or order.
Enable user-to-user communications.
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Application.
Notify you of updates to the Application.
Offer new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to you.
Perform other business activities as needed.
Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity.
Process payments and refunds.
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Application.
Respond to product and customer service requests.
Send you a newsletter.
Solicit support for the Application.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Application to help customize the Application and improve your experience. When you access the Application, your personal information is not collected through the use of tracking technology. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can remove or reject cookies, but be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Application. You may not decline web beacons. However, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or by modifying your web browser’s settings to notify you each time a cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.
Internet-Based Advertising
Additionally, we may use third-party software to serve ads on the Application, implement email marketing campaigns, and manage other interactive marketing initiatives. This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Application may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Application, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Application.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 9.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems
and our mobile applications
include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Application, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Application. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Application, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
CONTACT US
By e-mail: estebanbily21@gmail.com
By website: https://berzanov.blogspot.com/
Home
>
Privacy and Security of Data Policy
NEXT
PREV
HOME
Popular Posts
Privacy and Security of Data Policy
Privacy Policy and Personal Data Security   Last updated: September  19, 2021 (“we” or “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of our users (“...
Blogger
tarafından desteklenmektedir.
Contact Us
We will work for the best forever! ...
Application Development and Design.
Ana Sayfa
About Us
As Hobby, we are a family that develops applications and offers you.
- Copyright ©
Berzanov Development -
Blogger Templates
- Powered by
Blogger
- Designed by
Johanes Djogan
-