Privacy Policy:-
Appwallet Technologies has adopted this privacy policy to explain how we collects, stores and uses the user (“User” or “You”) information acquired in connection with our products, services or websites (“Service”). This policy applies to all Appwallet Technologies Apps Services unless the Service has an overriding policy.
Personal Information:-
We may access some personal information like Camera, Gallery, Device data (Internal & External stored data ) and Geological Location in order to provide best future services. But with your permission third parties advertisers may get more data about you to provide good services.
Sharing your Personal Information:-
We do not collect, save, and share or misuse your personal information.
Non-Personal Information:-
We may access Non-personal Information like mobile and Wi-Fi network to receive data from internet, view the network, browser name, device technical information, operating system, unique device advertising ID, body sensors, telephony features, retrieve running apps and draw over the apps. Advertising ID are non-permanent, non-personal, device identifiers such as the Android advertising ID for the advertising.
Cookies:-
We do not use cookies. But our third parties advertisers may use cookies to get data for better services.
Mobile Analytics:-
We are using mobile analytics software to analyse the performance of our apps and usage information.
Change to this Privacy Policy:-
We reserve the right to change or modify this privacy policy at any point of time in future without prior notice. You are requested to visit our site frequently to know the changes.
Google Adsenses:-
We display advertisements in our free apps to fund the development process for current and future Services.  Also, we promote our apps by cross promotion. It means while you are using one of our apps, our other apps ad will display on it. The advertisements are provided by third party companies and they may use and collect anonymous data about the User’s interests to be able to select more relevant advertisements. This information may also include location data and unique device identifier. No information is collected to allow third parties identifying you as a person.Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device,  but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices. To provide users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified under Information Sharing) for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in the App (behavioral advertising).
Contact us:-
If you have concern about your personal information being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at appwallettechnologies@gmail.com , we will endeavour to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.