Itech Solution Apps – Privacy Policy
Skip to content
Itech Solution Apps
Privacy Policy
Menu
Home
Contact
Featured
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Itech solution apps deals with the personal identifiable information you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the ‘Google Play Store’ Platform).
Generally, we do not collect any personal identifiable information from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers’ visits of our application, we even don’t have a Server to store such personal identifiable information.
Itech solution apps uses Facebook as ads provider. Facebook wants to show ads that are relevant to you. For more information, please check
https://m.facebook.com/ads/ad_choices
.
The only situation we may get access to your personal information is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report. The personal information we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address and your survey response only.
In above situation, we guarantee that your personal identifiable information will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
This Agreement is a legal agreement between you and “Itech solution apps” regarding your downloading, installation and use of Itechsolutionapp’s mobile application software and related services.
Your downloading, installation and use of this mobile application software is based on your acceptance and compliance with it.
TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT
Itech solution apps has the right to modify the terms of this Agreement regarding the updates of the Software. You can check the modified version of this Agreement from our official Google Play Store page.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY POLICY
Itech solution apps develops the Mobile Application Software independently. You acknowledge and agree that Itech solution apps retains all copyrights, trademarks, patents, business secrets, including all intellectual property rights and any other related rights, titles, and interests with regard to this Software.
Y
Use of the software is also governed by Itech solution apps’s Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference. Your privacy is important to us. We designed Itech solution apps’s Privacy Policy to make important disclosures about how we collect and use your information. We encourage you to read the Itech solution apps Privacy Policy carefully and use it to make informed decisions. Itech solution apps does not collect or transfer any audio or voice data to us or to any third party.
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITIES AND DISCLAIMER
You acknowledge and agree that the mobile application Software and related services may have potential risks. In no event shall Itech solution apps be liable for any risks.
TERMINATION
You have the right to fully and permanently remove the Software from your mobile device at any time and terminate this Agreement.
It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your personal information being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at itechsolutionapps@gmail.com , we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.
itechsolutionapps1079
Uncategorized
Leave a comment
January 17, 2019
January 17, 2019
2 Minutes
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Follow
Following
Itech Solution Apps
Join 34 other followers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Itech Solution Apps
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Report this content
View site in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started