Privacy policy
This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you may provide in the "Al-Moazin" mobile application ("Mobile Application" or "Service") and any of its related products and services (collectively, "Services") is collected, protected and used. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy is a legally binding agreement between you ("User", "you" or "your") and this Mobile Application developer ("Operator", "we", "us" or "our"). By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Policy. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. This privacy policy was created with the help of the
privacy policy generator
.
Automatic collection of information
When you use the Mobile Application, our servers automatically record information that your device sends. This data may include information such as your device's IP address and location, device name and version, operating system type and version, language preferences, access times and dates, and other statistics.
Information collected automatically is used only to establish statistical information regarding the usage of the Mobile Application and Services. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.
Collection of usage information
You can access and use the Mobile Application and Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual. We store usage information in your mobile. We will seek your consent for sending stored information to our servers. This information may include the following:
Geolocation data such as latitude and longitude.
Certain features on the mobile device such as prayer/calendar related settings, widget selections, etc.
Collection of application logging data for beta subscribers
We store application logging data in your mobile. We automatically send stored logging data to our servers using when connected to a WiFi service and for a few times only.
Use and processing of collected information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used for the following purposes:
Improve user experience
Run and operate the Mobile Application and Services
Disclosure of information
Depending on the requested Services or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any service you have requested, we may share your information with your consent with our trusted third parties that work with us, any other affiliates and subsidiaries we rely upon to assist in the operation of the Mobile Application and Services available to you. These service providers are not authorized to use or disclose your information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
Information security
We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of Information in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and the Mobile Application and Services cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party, despite best efforts.
Data breach
In the event we become aware that the security of the Mobile Application and Services has been compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. When we do, we will post a notice in the Mobile Application.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Policy or its terms relating to the Mobile Application and Services from time to time in our discretion and will notify you of any material changes to the way in which we treat Information. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Any updated version of this Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Mobile Application and Services after the effective date of the revised Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes. However, we will not, without your consent, use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time your Personal Information was collected.
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to access or use the Mobile Application and Services.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to individual rights and your Personal Information, you may send an email to support@parfield.com.
This document was last updated on April 26, 2021