Privacy Policy | Dcoder
About
Blog
Careers
Contact
Download
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Thanks for using Dcoder! Here we describe how we collect, use and handle your personal information when you use our websites, software, app and services (
“Services”
)
This privacy policy will help you understand how your 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website/app.
What personal information do we collect?
When ordering or registering on our site or app, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information and use it?
We collect information from you when you download, sign in, or enter information on our site or app. We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize the user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
What Are Cookies?
As is common practice with most websites, this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. The following sections describe what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How do we use cookies and how to disable them?
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately is most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use. You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). As such, cookies help us with things like remembering your username for your next visit, understanding how you are interacting with our Services, and improving them based on that information and disabling them may limit your ability to use the Services.
What cookies do we set?
If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out. We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site or on the app. Our services use Google Analytics and Amplitude which are widespread and are trusted analytics solutions on the web and apps. They help us understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page, similarly you can visit the Amplitude Page to get a better understanding of their cookies. The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and app’s and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you. For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ. We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, Twitter will set cookies through our site/app which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
Need more information?
That pretty much sums up how we operate and if there is something that you aren't sure of it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information do contact us at
[email protected]
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Amplitude, Firebase, Google, Carbon & Facebook
Google's , Carbon’s and facebook’s advertising requirements can be summed up by their Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
https://www.facebook.com/policies
https://www.buysellads.com/about/privacy
We use Google AdSense, admob, carbon ads and Facebook advertising on our app or website.
Google, Facebook and Carbon, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google, Carbon and Facebook advertises to you using the Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page.
Act Compliance
We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third-party links
Securing your information
We take the security of your information seriously. That’s why we implement appropriate technical measures to protect that information. Unfortunately, no security measures are 100% foolproof, and as such no network or system (including ours) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information we collect and store.
If you believe your information may not be secure for any reason, please contact us immediately at
[email protected]
.
Managing Your Information
You can access your information we collect about you and about how we use or disclose that information. You may access, correct, amend or delete information by accessing it within your account. If you are unable to do so, or if you’re a Visitor who would like to exercise your right to access Personal Information we may have about you, or if you have any other questions about personal information we have collected about you, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
Information from Children
Our Site and Service are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under the age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as is practicable. Please contact us at
[email protected]
.tech if you believe we have any information from or about a child under the age of 13.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page.
Note
Dcoder collects user information primarily to enhance user experience and being able to provide better service to its users. The company may further use this information for product enhancement, support and promotions without being subjected to any litigations.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the below information. Email:
[email protected]
Community
Join our community of more than a
million coders.
©2019 Dcoder, All rights reserved.
Coded with
on Dcoder app.
Connect with us
email
twitter
instagram
facebook