Privacy Policy
GAMES
ABOUT
CAREER
PARTNERSHIP
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Fibrum Limited and its affiliates, forming Fibrum Group of Companies (“Fibrum”) respects the privacy of its online visitors and users of its products and services. Fibrum recognizes the importance of protecting information collected from users and has adopted this privacy policy to inform users about how Fibrum gathers, stores, and uses information derived from their use of Fibrum products, services and online sites. This policy is current as of its last revision date. However, please note that this policy may be amended from time to time to reflect changes and additions to the privacy policy. Please check back for the most current version before relying on any of the provisions in this privacy policy.
Collection of Information
By accessing Fibrum’s website http://fibrum.net or using Fibrum's products and services, users agree that Fibrum may collect personally identifiable information (as defined below). Fibrum will not share personally identifiable information with other parties except as described in this policy. Fibrum may also collect aggregate information and individual information. "Aggregate information" is information that describes the habits, usage patterns, and demographics of users as a group but does not describe or reveal the identity of any particular user. "Individual information" is information about a user or user’s machine that is presented in a form distinguishable from information relating to other users but not in a form that personally identifies any user or enables the recipient to communicate directly with any user. Fibrum may share aggregate and individual information with other parties without restriction.
Our Principle Is No Collection/Processing Of Personal Data
We normally do not and will not collect or otherwise process any personal data with our apps and games (whether yours, or any other person’s), even when you purchase our game(s), play it or use any self-development kit, etc. That means we do not know your name, physical address, IP address, geolocation, etc. In other words and for the purpose of EU Regulation no.2016/679 on personal data (the “GDPR”) (or any similar legislation if you are located outside of the EU), Fibrum is neither a controller, nor a processor in respect of your personal data. However, your personal data (if any) may be collected and processed by the internet distribution platform wherefrom you purchase our game(s). For any request concerning your personal data, please refer to the terms of service/sale of that internet distribution platform, which must provide you with the contact details of the relevant data protection officer(s). Fibrum has no control over and is not responsible for how your data is being processed by an internet platform.
Anonymized Data
We may decide to collect anonymized information from your play of our game(s). We would use such information to analyze and improve our game(s) and support our internal operations. Anonymized information means that it cannot be used to identify any particular player.
Personally Identifiable Information
"Personally identifiable information" is information that can be used to uniquely identify a user, such as name, address or credit card number. You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information in connection with the use of Fibrum products and services. While Fibrum collects personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis, for certain products and services, Fibrum's collection of personally identifiable information may be a requirement for access to the product or service or to process a user’s order.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
Personally identifiable information is used internally by Fibrum to develop, deliver and improve our products, content and services. In addition, Fibrum may allow third parties performing services under contract with Fibrum, such as order or payment processors or merchandise warehouse and fulfillment services, to access and use personally identifiable information, but only to the extent necessary to provide those services. Fibrum will not share personally identifying information with third parties for marketing purposes. Fibrum may use personally identifying information provided by users to send information about Fibrum, including news about product updates, contests, events, and other promotional materials, but only if the users agree to receive such communications. External websites and companies with links to and from Fibrum' online sites and products may collect personally identifiable information about users. Third party publishers may also collect personally identifiable information as a requirement of accessing their virtual reality games or content. Fibrum' privacy policy does not extend to these external websites and companies or third party publishers. Please refer directly to these companies and websites regarding their privacy policies. Fibrum may release personally identifiable information to comply with court orders or laws that require us to disclose such information. In the event of a reorganization, sale or merger we may transfer personally identifiable information to the relevant third party.
Children Under The Age of 13
Fibrum will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from any person age 12 and under. Fibrum encourages parents to instruct their children to never give out personal information when online. Parents who are concerned about the transfer of personal information from their children may contact us.
Cookies and Other Information on a User's Machine
Fibrum’ website, products, services may employ cookies and other technologies. Cookies are bits of electronic information that can be transferred to a user's hard drive to customize a person's use of a product or online site, keep records of a user's access to an online site or product, or store information needed by the user on a regular basis. Fibrum may also use third party web site analytic tools that employ cookies to collect certain non-personally identifiable information concerning use of our website, such as referring web site addresses, page views and browser types.
Choice/Opt-out
Fibrum gives users the option to receive promotional email communications from Fibrum. Users may opt out of these communications. Instructions for discontinuing receipt of promotional email communications from Fibrum will be provided in email communications to users.
Corrections, Updates and Removal of Personally Identifiable Information
If you are concerned about the accuracy of personally identifiable information maintained by Fibrum or wish to review, access, amend or correct it, or would like your personally identifiable information removed from Fibrum's records or otherwise deactivated, please contact us at
[email protected]
. We may decline requests that are unreasonably repetitive, jeopardize the privacy of others, or are extremely impractical.
427756, 17 Karaiskaki street, Agia Triada, Limassol CY-3032
Baku, Narimanov district , Orucaliyev street 45 , app.1
GAMES
cyprus
ABOUT
Azerbaijan
CAREER
[email protected]
PARTNERSHIP
Contacts
Fibrum Software End User License Agreement