Bluebird Group - Solusi Setiap Perjalanan
Privacy Policy
CONSENT TO PRIVACY POLICY
Our privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) is as set out below. This Privacy Policy applies to all users of Our services, including users of Our applications, websites, services, or products (“
Applications
”), unless covered by a separate privacy policy.
By ticking “Yes, I accept” on the last page, You acknowledge that You have read and understood this Privacy Policy and agree with all the provisions set out in each point under this Privacy Policy.
We, PT Blue Bird Tbk and affiliates, (hereinafter reffered to as “Bluebird”, “We”, “Us” or “Our”) are entitled to, at any time, amend, update, and/or add to this Privacy Policy whether in part or in whole. Continuously communicating with Us, using the Application and Our Services, or using the features in the Application indicates Your acceptance of the amendment, update, and/or addition that We make to this Privacy Policy.
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain to You how We, collect, use, and store Your Personal Data.
We reserve the right to, from time to time, amend, add and/or modify all or part of this Privacy Policy. Therefore, We suggest You to continuously check this Privacy Policy so that You understand each provision that We apply from time to time in this Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL DATA
“
Personal Data
” refers to any data, information, and/or explanation in any form that may identify You, which You provide to Us from time to time or You include or deliver in, on, and/or through the Application that concerns information regarding Your identity, including but not limited to; Your full name, birth date, email address, mobile number, Your IP address, location information, device data, data relating to information on Your transaction activities on the Application, payment-related data that You registered at the time a payment transaction is done through the Application whether We get it directly or indirectly, and other data considered as Personal Data.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
We will collect Your Personal Data when You create an Account or at any other point that We may request to you as necessary from time to time. The granting of Your Personal Data is of a voluntary nature. However, if You do not provide Us with Your Personal Data, We will not be able to process Your Personal Data for the purposes set out herein, and this may cause Us to be unable to provide services or products to, or to process transactions from, You.
INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM THIRD PARTIES
We may also collect Your Personal Data from third parties (including Our agents, vendors, suppliers, contractors, partners and any others who provide services to Us, perform functions on Our behalf, or whom We collaborate with). In such cases, We will only collect Your Personal Data for or in connection with the purposes for which such third parties are engaged or the purposes of Our collaboration with such third parties (as the case may be).
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We will use Your Personal Data to:
a. identify Your use of the application and our services;
b. process transactions that You request;
c. prevent, detect, and handle any criminal activities that may take place in the use of the Application including but not limited to fraud, embezzlement, theft, money laundering;
d. develop, add and provide products to fulfil Your needs;
e. manage Your account’s administrative matters;
f. develop, improve, and provide Our Services, the Application, and the features within the Application;
g. deliver information that We deem beneficial for You including information on services from Us (newsletter) after You have provided consent to Us that You do not object to be contacted in relation to Our services;
h. carry out internal administrative purposes, such as; audits, data analysis, database recording;
i. communicate with You in relation to all matters concerning the Application, Our services, and/or the features thereof;
j. maintain the safety, security, and continuity of the Application, Our services, and/or the features thereof;
In relation to the collection and use of Personal Data as set out in the points above, You hereby state that You have provided Your consent, approval, and authority to Us to collect and use your Personal Data for the purposes set out in the points above.
SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA WHICH WE COLLECT
We may disclose to or share with third party Your Personal Data to third parties (including Our agents, vendors, suppliers, contractors, partners and any others who provide services to Us or You, perform functions on Our behalf, or whom We enter into commercial collaboration with) for or in connection with the purposes for which such third parties are engaged or the purposes of Our collaboration with such third parties (as the case may be), which may include allowing such third parties to introduce or offer products or services to You, authenticate You or connect with Your account, or conducting other activities including marketing, research, analysis and product development
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
a. Your Personal Data will only be held for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, or for as long as such retention is required or authorised by Applicable Law.
b. Information relayed through communications between You and other party (including but not limited to: Our drivers) than through the use the application (such as by telephone calls, SMS, mobile messaging or other method of communication) may also be retained by some means. We do not authorise and encourage the retention of Personal Data by such means and We have no responsibility to You for the same. We shall not be liable for any such retention of Your Personal Information. You agree to indemnify, defend and release Us, Our officers, directors, employees, agents, partners, suppliers, contractors and affiliates from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs (including but not limited to legal costs and expenses on a full indemnity basis) resulting directly or indirectly from any unauthorised retention of Your Personal Data.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
a. The Personal Data that We collect from You may be stored at, transferred to, or processed by third party service providers. We will use all reasonable endeavors to ensure that all such third-party service providers provide a level of protection that is comparable to Our commitments under this Privacy Policy.
b. Your Personal Information may also be stored or processed outside of the Republic of Indonesia by personnel who work for Us in other countries, or by Our third-party service providers, vendors, suppliers, partners, contractors or affiliates. In such a case, We will ensure that such Personal Information remains subject to a level of protection comparable to what is required under the laws of the Republic of Indonesia (and, in any event, in line with Our commitments in this Privacy Policy).
REVOCATION OF CONSENT
You may withdraw your consent to any or all collection, use or disclosure of Your Personal Data at any time by giving Us reasonable notice in writing using the contact details stated below.
Depending on the circumstances and the nature of the consent which You are withdrawing, You must understand and acknowledge that after such withdrawal of consent, You may no longer be able to use the application or services. A withdrawal of consent by You may result in the termination of Your account or of Your contractual relationship with Us, with all accrued rights and obligations remaining fully reserved.
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
For the purpose of the development, improvement, protection, or maintenance of the application and Our other services, if We are required to disclose Personal Data to third parties. You hereby state that You have provided Your consent, approval, and authority to Us to disclose and grant access to Personal Data to third parties for the purposes as referred to in this paragraph.
For the avoidance of doubt, the third parties as referred to in this paragraph may be, but are not limited to:
a. Our parent, affiliated, and subsidiary companies;
b. Our partners, including parties with whom We cooperate for, including but not limited to, processing transactions, and verifying payments;
c. marketing research, event management, sponsorship, and advertising companies;
d. service providers, including information technology (IT) service providers for work on infrastructure, software, and development; and
e. professional advisors, external auditors, legal and financial advisors, consultants, etc.
In relation to the disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for the purposes as referred to in the paragraph above, We hereby ensure that We will maintain the security and confidentiality of Your Personal Data that We disclose to such third party. In addition, We will only disclose Personal Data that is relevant to be disclosed to such third party according to its disclosure purposes.
In addition, for other purposes, in certain cases We may be required to disclose Your Personal Data to authorized institutions, institutes, agencies, bodies, or governments based on applicable laws and regulations, warrants, decrees, or decisions, in which case You hereby state that You have provided Your consent, approval, and authority to Us to disclose data to such parties.
Your Personal Data may also be disclosed to third parties in the event there are corporate transactions, such as; establishment of joint ventures, sale of subsidiaries or divisions, mergers, consolidations, acquisitions, asset sales, or liquidations.
REQUEST OF ACCESS AND CORRECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
Subject to applicable laws and regulations, you may request Us for access to and/or the correction of your Personal Data in Our possession and control, by contacting Us at the details provided below.We are entitled to reject Your request to access and/or provide a correction to Your Personal Data for reasons provided under applicable laws and regulations.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The Application may contain links to third party sites. We are not liable for any collection, use, maintenance, distribution, or disclosure of Your Personal Data by such third party. If you directly provide information to such sites, the privacy policy and service provisions on such sites will apply, and We are not liable for any information processing activities or privacy policy of such sites.
PERSONAL DATA OF MINORS AND OTHER INDIVIDUALS
As the valid parent or guardian, please do not allow minors (under the age of 18 (eighteen) years old) that are under Your supervision to provide their personal data to Us. If such personal data is provided to Us, You hereby agree to the processing of the minor’s personal data and personally accept and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and to be liable therefor.
In certain conditions, You may provide personal data related to other individuals (such as Your spouse, family members, or friends) and in such case, You are deemed to represent and ensure that You have the authority and consent of the personal data owner to provide their personal data to Us to be used in accordance with the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
ACCURACY OF PERSONAL DATA
One of the reasons that we require Your Personal Data is to process Transactions. Therefore, Your Personal Data that is provided to Us must be as accurate as possible and not misleading. In addition, You must update and inform Us in the event of any update to Your Personal Data. You hereby release Us from any demands, suits, compensations, and/or claims in relation to any failure of Transaction processing on the application that is caused by the inaccuracy of Your Personal Data that You have provided to Us.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or you would like to obtain access and/or make corrections to Your Personal Data, please contact:
customercare@bluebirdgroup.com