Privacy Policy of Geeks.Lab.2015 Apps
Privacy Policy of Geeks.Lab.2015 Apps
2016年12月3日星期六
Privacy Policy of Geeks.Lab.2015 Apps
INTRODUCTION
Geeks.Lab.2015 ( “us” or “we”) has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so that you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Applications, the Services and the Site.
WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION AND PERMISSIONS WE USE
All of apps we provide are free apps, we only use your information when you
interact with our apps
in your devices, we never post these to the server.
We guarantee that we do not collect personal information, such as e-mail address, phone number, credit card number, fax, SSN and so on. Also, we do never collect your wifi name or password.
We may require some permissions when you interact with our apps,  so that you can use the function which our apps provide.We may use some
Non-personal identification information may include the type of your phone and technical information about Users means of connection to our apps, such as the versions of phone model and other similar information.
All of these are for serving you better.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION OR PERMISSIONS
We use the information and permissions in th apps to improve our product, for serving you better.
We may require some permissions when you interact with our apps,  so that you can use the function which our apps provide.
SECURITY
Geeks.Lab.2015 is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time.
we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.
CONTACT US
If you wish to contact us regarding this Privacy Policy or any privacy-related matters, please contact our Privacy Officer via email at
geeks.lab.2015@gmail.com
发帖者
geeks.lab.2015
时间：
07:02
3 条评论:
通过电子邮件发送
BlogThis!
共享给 Twitter
共享给 Facebook
分享到Pinterest
主页
订阅：
博文 (Atom)
我的简介
geeks.lab.2015
查看我的完整个人资料
博客归档
▼
2016
(1)
▼
十二月
(1)
Privacy Policy of Geeks.Lab.2015 Apps
“简单”主题背景. 由
Blogger
提供支持.