Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
AppsFrBAS Studio
Privacy Policy of Appsfrbas studio
Appsfrbas studio always provides environment-friendly Apps services on android platform and work to improve the lives of individuals around the globe. Appsfrbasstudio has dependably been committed to creating a safe environment for our users. Your privacy comes first for us. At times we require information to give benefits that you ask for. We do not gather, store or utilize any close to personal data while you visit, download our apps.  We do not purposely offer our services to users under the age of 13. By using the services and products Appsfrbas studio, you are bound by this privacy policy.
Information that we get from our users:
Appsfrbas studio gathers information from you so as to give better services and a good user experience. We may collect data about the services that you utilize, for example, when you view and associate with our content. This will help us in recognizing an objective market and certain zones to focus. We may approach users to give contact data for surveys and communication for future prospects and expectations of the users from our developers. Measurable information may likewise incorporate high scores and user activities on the services and products to support up the environment.
Access to Smartphone Features:
We may request users to allow us access to different features of their cell phones. For example camera, memory, contacts, calendar, wifi, Bluetooth, and location exclusively for the reasons for lining up with the features of our services and products and furthermore to build productivity and giving the good user experience.
Social Media/ Online Connection:
We offer our users to submit their data through any social media platform. Clients must be of age 13 to enroll on these platforms. We may acquire information, for example, name, gender, user ID, area, date of birth and email address. We guarantee our clients that all of the necessary gained personal information is encrypted.
Security:
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes:
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here . You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Children:
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
appsfrbasstudio@gmail.com
We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
What are my opt-out rights:
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Permissions:
Location:
·        approximate location (network-based)
·        precise location (GPS and network-based)
Photos/Media/Files:
·        Read the contents of your USB storage.
·        Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage.
Camera:
·
Take pictures and videos.
Storage:
·        Read the contents of your USB storage.
·        Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage.
Contacts:
·        Read Your Contacts.
Other:
·        Receive data from Internet.
·         View network connections.
·        Full network access.
·         Prevent device from sleeping
·        Read Google service configuration.
Use of Google Privacy Policy and Google Map's API's:
It is announced that Google Map API's are being utilized in Street View Live and GPS Navigation apps, Google privacy policy link is given here
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=ZZ
Terms for using our apps:
Our apps are using Google Map’s API’s and, the user must have to agree with the terms for using our applications.
Ø  Using our app, you are bound by Google’s Terms of Service.
https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en
Ø  Use of Google Maps and current Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service at
https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html
Ø  And Google Privacy Policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Ad Serving :
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
1.      Google Play Services
https://policies.google.com/privacy
2.      Ad Mob
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
Our Ads Policy:
Users may discover outsider promoting on our applications amid the use of our application that links to alternate apps, sites and services of sponsors. We don't control the substance or connections of promotions that show up on these advertisements in our apps during the use our apps and we are not in charge of the practices utilized by connecting to or from our Services. Furthermore, these advertisements can change their substance and links. This advertisement may have himself particular security approaches and customer service policies.
Showing Advertisements:
Displaying ads in our Apps of third party and indicating promotions for other distributor's  applications in our Apps.
Cross- promotion:
Cross Promoting our Apps and administrations, which means we advance our different Apps while you are playing an alternate App of our own.
Contact us:
If you have any proposals, request or feedback, email us at
appsfrbasstudio@gmail.com
This privacy policy applies to Appsfrbasstudio apps.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse