Privacy Policy
Home
About
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Our Applications
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Last updated September 10, 2023
As used in this Privacy Policy, "XCS Tech" refers to mobile applications, and other properties or services owned or operated by XCS Tech. By accessing and/or using XCS Tech products or services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. XCS Tech strongly believes in keeping your personal information confidential.
XCS Tech do not collect any personal information from you when you download our android and/or iOS applications. We do not require the users to get registered before downloading the application and we do not track of the users visits of our applications.
Third Party Advertising
Our free applications use advertising currently provided by Admob and anonymous statistical information is reported to them so they can see whether their adverts are effective. Click forÂ more information about
Admob
Use Of Collected Information
The only situation we may get access to your personal data is when you decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report. The data we may get from you in that situation are limited to your name, email address and your feedback. XCS Tech guarantees that your data will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information for any other purpose, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
Age Limits
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.Â If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.Â No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.Â If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data.
Changes In Our Privacy Policy
XCS Tech reserves the right to update and revise this privacy policy from time to time to reflect changes in legislation or any other developments. Any changes made to our privacy policy will be published on this page, containing the "last updated" date.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact us at
support@xcstech.com
XCS Tech
904 Ninth Floor
Puri Business Hub Sector 81
Faridabad, HR 121007
India
Phone:
+91 9811661290
Email:
support@xcstech.com
Useful Links
Home
Terms of service
Privacy policy
Our Apps
Pic Lock
Video Locker
Ringtone Maker
Testimonials
Just downloaded and so far so good compared to all the other apps. It is amazing. I've been looking for a long time for an app like this. Anyway, totally worth it.
more..
© Copyright
XCS Tech
. All Rights Reserved