OP Auto Clicker Privacy Policy
OP Auto Clicker Privacy Policy
Welcome to OP Auto Clicker ("OP Auto Clicker", "we", "us", "our"). Your privacy  is important to us, so we have created this Privacy Policy ("Policy") to explain how we collects, stores, uses and discloses the information about you.
This Privacy Policy applies to all other mobile (iOS and Android platform) software applications (called "Apps") and the Website (collectively called the "Services") provided by OP Auto Clicker.
Personal Information:
"Personal Information" is information that identifies you, which may be transmitted or received when you use Services. Personal Information may be: your name, telephone number, email address, physical address, calendar entries, phonebook entries, files, photos, geographical location, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or any other) and any other information that can identify you.
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you.
Non-Personal Information:
"Non-Personal Information" is information that does not directly identify you or any other individuals. Non-Personal Information may be: type/model of your mobile device, Android/iOS version, language used in system, country code or information about how you use your device.
We do NOT collect any Non-Personal Information about you.
How we store, use and disclose information about you
As we do not collect any Personal or Non-Personal Information about you, we can't store, use or disclose it.
Third-party services
We may include advertising services ("ads") in our Apps that may be provided by third parties ("Third Party Services"). Such Third Party Services' providers have their own privacy policies and we advise you to read them carefully. Below you can find the details of all Third Party Services we may work with:
Google Admob (
Webpage
|
Privacy Policy
|
Opt out
)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc. You can read
here
how Google uses information from sites or apps that use its services.
We display ads in our Apps to keep them free of charge. Based on your location we will serve different kinds of ads. For:
Non European Union countries
When you use our Apps your device may automatically send Personal and Non-Personal Information to our advertising partners. All the information gathered by our advertising partners are used only to display ads tailored to your interests and behavior. For more information please read the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Advertising services we use for non European Union country users: Google Admob.
European Union countries
If you are located in the European Union country we will first ask you for a consent to display non-personalized ads. With your consent Third Party Services may use and store your IP address or/and device identifier (Google Advertiser ID or any other) to show you non-personalized ads. All collected data is used for the purposes of:
managing ads frequency capping - to prevent User from seeing the same contextual ad too many times
detecting invalid clicks and other fraudulent activities
to comply with the law (e.g Third Party Services need to record your device identifier so they can know if you have or haven't already given a consent)
In case you didn't consent to display non-personalized ads we will display cross-promotion ads (house ads). Neither Personal nor Non-Personal Information are collected when cross-promotion ads are displayed to you.
Advertising services we use for European Union country users: Google Admob
All Permissions are used in Products to provide best user experience. All personal and non-personal information obtained by the use of above Permissions are used only by the Products itself and are not stored, used, disclosed outside of the Products.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on https://opautoclicker.com/privacy-policy/. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Services, or have questions about our practices, please contact us:
[email protected]