Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us. We take it seriously. Please read our Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, this privacy statement applies to all our applications.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) To protect our legal rights and interests.
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, litigation requests, legal process;
(3) Your prior permission;
(4) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
Unless we specifically request or invite it, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g., Social Security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or philosophical beliefs, health, sex life or sexual orientation, criminal background, or bio-metric or genetic data for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual) on or through the Service or otherwise to us.
NON- PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user's behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children (we define "children" as minors younger than 16). We do not knowingly allow children to use our service, communicate with us, or use any of our online services. If you are a parent and become aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us.
ACCESS CAMERA
This permission help us to get an image from your camera (take picture from Camera).
WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE
This permission is needed for writing to the external storage of your device when exporting our applications data to the device's internal storage.
IMPORTANT: WE RESPECT THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION, AND WE ARE COMMITTED DO NOT STORE, COLLECT ANY USER INFORMATION ON YOUR DEVICE.
Thanks for support!
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse