Privacy - Saranomy
Saranomy
Links
Twitter
GitHub
Itch.io
Google Play
Thai Google Play
App Store
Amazon Appstore
Privacy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy policy covers all of Saranomy's applications.
We only collect anonymous information.
We use technologies like cookies (small files stored by your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information like your browser, operating system and IP address.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We do not store or share your precise location.
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
We don't share your personal data with other companies.
We generally do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.
Ad companies collect anonymous data. You can opt out.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
AdMob knows performance mobile advertising. As one of the largest performance mobile ad networks worldwide, we offer performance advertisers sophisticated targeting capabilities and low-cost customer acquisition with measurable return on investment.
Privacy Policy and Choices
Analytics providers access data on our behalf.
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. Click to see company privacy policies that govern their use of data.
We take steps to protect personal information
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
Special situations may require disclosure of your data.
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
You can ask privacy questions.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us:
here
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on
13/01/2014
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website or application. If the change materially affects registered users, we will send a notice to you by email, push notification or text.
Contact
|
Privacy
2023
Saranomy
Contact
×
For suggestion and business, please email
[email protected]
Close