首页
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Wi-Fi monitor believes in privacy and online freedom and should have a good understanding of how we manage and protect your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, when using our services, I may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to IP address, location. The information I request will remain on your device and I will not collect it in any way.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information that can be used to identify you.
Links to the privacy policies of third-party service providers used by the app
AdMob
google play services
Record data
I would like to inform you that whenever you use my service, I collect data and information called Log Data on your phone (through a 3rd party product) in the event of an error in the application. This log data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, configuration of applications when using my service, the time and date you used the service, and other statistics.
Cookies
A cookie is a file containing a small amount of data, often used as an anonymous unique identifier. This information is sent to your browser from the websites you visit and stored in the memory of your device.
The Service does not expressly use these "cookies". However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve its services. You can choose to accept or reject these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of the Service.
service provider
I may hire third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:
to promote our services;
to provide services on our behalf;
perform services in connection with the services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our services are used.
I would like to inform users of this service that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obliged not to disclose or use this information for any other purpose.
Safety
I value the trust you place in providing us with your personal information, so we are working hard to protect it using commercially acceptable means. Remember, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to other websites
The Service may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly recommend that you review these privacy policies. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party website or service.
Children's Privacy
These services are not intended for anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If I become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided me with personal information, I will delete it from our servers immediately. If you are a parent or guardian and you know that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I can take the necessary action.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, it is recommended that you periodically check this page for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately upon posting on this page.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse