Privacy policy
PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES (DEFINED BELOW) ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.
Terms of Use Effective date: February 20, 2018
Welcome to Rocketapps LLC. Please read on to learn the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our website(s), products, services and applications (the “Services”). If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these terms or the Services, please contact us at info@callrecorderpro.app
These Terms of Use (the “Terms”) are a binding contract between you and Rocketapps LLC. (“Rocketapps LLC”, “we” and “us”). You must agree to and accept all of the Terms, or you don’t have the right to use the Services. Your using the Services in any way means that you agree to all of these Terms, and these Terms will remain in effect while you use the Services. These Terms include the provisions in this document, as well as those in the Privacy Policy.
Will these Terms ever change?
We are constantly trying to improve our Services, so these Terms may need to change along with the Services. We reserve the right to change the Terms at any time, but if we do, we will bring it to your attention by placing a notice on the Services, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means.
If you don’t agree with the new Terms, you are free to reject them; unfortunately, that means you will no longer be able to use the Services. If you use the Services in any way after a change to the Terms is effective, that means you agree to all of the changes.
Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you and us.
What are my rights in Rocketapps LLC?
The materials displayed or performed or available on or through the Services, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, articles, photos, images, illustrations, User Submissions, and so forth (all of the foregoing, the “Content”) are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws. You promise to abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access through the Services, and you won’t use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates someone else’s (including Rocketapps LLC’s) rights. You understand that Rocketapps LLC owns the Services. You won’t modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, or otherwise exploit any of the Services. The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content; please remember that just because this functionality exists, doesn’t mean that all the restrictions above don’t apply – they do!
Do I have to grant any licenses to Rocketapps LLC to other users?
Anything you post, upload, share, store, or otherwise provide through the Services is your “User Submission.” Some User Submissions are viewable by other users. In order to display your User Submissions on the Services, and to allow other users to enjoy them (where applicable), you grant us certain rights in those User Submissions. Please note that all of the following licenses are subject to our Privacy Policy. to the extent they relate to User Submissions that are also your personally-identifiable information. For all User Submissions, you hereby grant Rocketapps LLC a license to translate, modify (for technical purposes, for example making sure your content is viewable on an iPhone as well as a computer) and reproduce and otherwise act with respect to such User Submissions, in each case to enable us to operate the Services, as described in more detail below. This is a license only – your ownership in User Submissions is not affected. If you store a User Submission in your own personal Rocketapps LLC account, in a manner that is not viewable by any other user except you (a “Personal User Submission”), you grant Rocketapps LLC the license above, as well as a license to display, perform, and distribute your Personal User Submission for the sole purpose of making that Personal User Submission accessible to you and providing the Services necessary to do so. If you share a User Submission publicly on the Services and/or in a manner that more than just you or certain specified users can view, or if you provide us (in a direct email or otherwise) with any feedback, suggestions, improvements, enhancements, and/or feature requests relating to the Services] (each of the foregoing, a “Public User Submission”), then you grant Rocketapps LLC the licenses above, as well as a license to display, perform, and distribute your Public User Submission for the purpose of making that Public User Submission accessible to all Rocketapps LLC users and providing the Services necessary to do so, as well as all other rights necessary to use and exercise all rights in that Public User Submission in connection with the Services and/or otherwise in connection with Rocketapps LLC’s business. Also, you grant all other users of the Services a license to access that Public User Submission, and to use and exercise all rights in it, as permitted by the functionality of the Services. You agree that the licenses you grant are royalty-free, perpetual, sublicenseable, irrevocable (except as set forth herein), and worldwide. Finally, you understand and agree that Rocketapps LLC, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our users (including you), may need to make changes to your User Submissions to conform and adapt those User Submissions to the technical requirements of connection networks, devices, services, or media, and the foregoing licenses include the rights to do so.
What if I see something on the Services that infringes my copyright?
You may have heard of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”), as it relates to online service providers, like Rocketapps LLC, being asked to remove material that allegedly violates someone’s copyright. We respect others’ intellectual property rights, and we reserve the right to delete or disable Content alleged to be infringing, and to terminate the accounts of repeat alleged infringers; To report a copyright infringement, please contact us at info@callrecorderpro.app
Will Rocketapps LLC ever change the Services?
We’re always trying to improve the Services, so they may change over time. We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features or impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services. We’ll try to give you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you, but this isn’t always practical. Similarly, we reserve the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice.
Do the Services cost anything?
Though basic access to the Services is currently free, Rocketapps LLC reserves the right to require payment of fees for certain or all Services. If you choose to enroll in our subscription services to access the paid features of the Services (e.g. unlimited reading), you shall pay all applicable fees, as described on the Website in connection with such Services selected by you. Rocketapps LLC reserves the right to change its price list and to institute new charges at any time, upon notice to you, which may be sent by email or posted on the Website. Your use of the Services following such notification constitutes your acceptance of any new or increased charges.
I use the Rocketapps LLC App available via the Apple App Store – should I know anything about that?
These Terms apply to your use of all the Services, including the iPhone, iPad Touch, and iPad applications available via the Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) App Store (the “Application”), but the following additional terms also apply to the Application:
(a) Both you and Rocketapps LLC acknowledge that the Terms are concluded between you and Rocketapps LLC only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the Content;
(b) The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms as they are applicable to the Services;
(c) You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control;
(d) You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application;
(e) In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure; upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application;
(f) You acknowledge and agree that Rocketapps LLC, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application;
(g) You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Rocketapps LLC, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim;
(h) Both you and Rocketapps LLC acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any applicable third party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; and
(i) Both you and Rocketapps LLC acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third party beneficiary hereof.