JZZ Solution
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
JZZ Solution
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
December 15, 2022
JZZ The I.T Solution Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to JZZ The I.T Solution. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request; this privacy statement applies to JZZ The I.T Solution and its products.We hope the following statement will help you understand how JZZ The I.T Solution deals with the personal identifiable information ('PII') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (Google Play). Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers' visits of our application, we even don't have a Server to store such PII.The only situation we may get access to your PII is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report. The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address and your survey response only. We guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains. We do not: store or share any personal information of contacts from Your address book or provide reverse number look up of contacts from Your address book.
Advertisement:
Ads- JZZ The I.T Solution may use some providers to show ads. These Ads providers use Cookie only to identify your device, then show ads that are relevant to our app's kind. We integrate advertising from authorise antity such as Admob, Facebook. For further information kindly visit their privacy policy. We highly recommend that you read their privacy policies as well.
Admob
Firebase
Facebook
Google Services
Information Security:
JZZ The I.T Solution do not collect any information from user without their consent. We do not store or share user data at all.
Android Device Permission:
JZZ The I.T Solution do require various permission within app to perform certain tasks for you. We do not access any personal data, store user data or share it publicly. All permission are declare within app according to Google play policy.
Permission For Smart Cleaner & Booster Only :
android.permission.BIND_ACCESSIBILITY_SERVICE :
By this permission our Smart Manager will Optimize battery of your phone,Boost your phone and Increase battery life. Smart Cleaner & Booster will Never share , Collect or pass your personal Information to third party.
• Children's Privacy We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
• Changes to the Privacy Policy JZZ The I.T Solution may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the bottom of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically. If you have concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at jzztheitsolution@gmail.com, we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.
Privacy policy 1.4.27 updated 13 April 2023.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
JZZ THE I.T Solution
Visit profile
Archive
December 2022
1
Report Abuse