Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share your personal data when you use the application
Traffic Monitor
and how we use personal data collected through this app. It is intended to inform you about our privacy practices and the underlying data collection purposes and further processing of personal data.
Traffic Monitor
collects statistics and measurements to determine the quality, utilization, speed, and stability of cellular and WiFi networks and services.
What information we collect
Coverage, connectivity and data usage
Information about network connectivity and quality for phone calls, internet and data services as experienced by you, as well as statistics about how much your device uses internet services and consumes data, such as:
The percentage of time your phone is on the network
Signal strength
Areas of limited or no service
Quality of the mobile coverage (2G, 3G, 4G, 5G)
Call duration
How the call ends
Regular tests of whether your device can connect to the internet
Your upload and download speed
How long it takes to set up a connection to the internet
Wi-Fi connection quality and MAC addresses of the Wi-Fi hot spots your device can see, and how congested they are
Hourly data use
How much data your phone uses when it's in standby mode
How much data goes over Wi-Fi connections vs. the mobile network
Applications
Statistics about applications on your devices, such as:
Which apps are installed on your device
Which apps are started each day and for how long each app is used
How much data is consumed by each app, how fast each app receives and transmits data and the type and quality of network used for the connection (for example cellular or Wi-Fi and related signal strength)
Device information
Technical information about your device, such as:
Phone brand and model
Operating system
Firmware version
Hardware capabilities
Language and locale
Battery state
Memory consumption
Time since last reboot
Location information
Location data is captured to locate the events listed in
Coverage, connectivity and data usage
.
The app does
not
actively request location for those passive measurements. The most recent known location of the device is used.
As part of the
Usage Map
feature the app might actively request location information also if the app is in background.
All data collected to support this feature is only stored on the device and
not
transmitted to the server.
What information we don’t collect
We understand that some of the information we collect may be seen as sensitive. Therefore, we have designed the app to reduce the sensitivity of the collected information. For example, we do
not
collect information about:
Numbers you dial or receive calls from
Sender or receiver information from text messages, emails or internet chat messaging on your device
Any content of your communications, such as text, email or chat content or your browsing history
Information about which features of the apps you use or what content you send, receive or otherwise consume through an app
For how long do you keep my data?
Detailed information about the quality and use of your connectivity services, location and apps is kept no longer than 14 months after it has been collected.
Data protection
We take certain measures to protect personal data collected through
Traffic Monitor
against loss, theft, and unauthorized access, use, disclosure, destruction or modification. These include physical, technological and administrative measures. All measured data is anonymized and encrypted by the application before it is securely sent to our server.
How we use this information (purpose of data collection)
We share the measured statistics with our partners to help them to continuously improve the quality and performance of their mobile networks and services.
They use the collected information to diagnose connectivity, coverage or connection quality problems, understand connectivity needs from the usage of mobile data, Wi-Fi and apps, and use such insights to make improvements to their network and services.
This may include, for example:
Improving the quality of the network, for example through better understanding about the exact areas with low network performance or areas of high consumption of data
Helping to deal with performance issues caused by poorly performing devices
Improving commercial models and offers based on improved understanding of the patterns related to the use of apps and connection quality
Personal or sensitive data which might be shared with our partners on an anonymized or aggregated level:
device location during a measurement listed in
Coverage, connectivity and data usage
installed applications
usage of installed apps
What choices do you have?
You can disable the collection of any measurements at any time by uninstalling the application.