Privacy Policy – Khalis Foundation
Donate
Home
About
Spotlight
Recent
Contact
Projects
Our Apps
Sites
Courses
Shop
Foundation
News
Board of Directors
Staff | Volunteers
Sponsors and Thanks
Donate
Privacy Policy
The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates treat personal information that The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates collect and receive, including information related to your past use of The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates do not own or control, or to people that The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates do not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
General
The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates collect personal information when you register with The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates, when you use The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates products or services, when you visit The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates pages or the pages of certain Khalis Foundation partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. Once you register with The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates and sign in to our services, you may not be anonymous to us. The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates may collect information about your transactions with us. The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates cookie information, and the page you request. The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates use information for the following general purposes: to customize the content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Children
The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates will not contact children under age 13 about special offers or for marketing purposes without a parent’s permission. The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates do not ask a child under age 13 for more personal information, as a condition of participation, than is reasonably necessary to participate in a given activity or promotion.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates communicate with you about offers from The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. We have a parent’s permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13; We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates’ terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. We transfer information about you if The Khalis Foundation is acquired by or merged with another organization. In this event, The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Cookies
The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates may set and access Khalis Foundation cookies on your computer.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you. Your Khalis Foundation Account Information is password-protected. In certain areas The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The Khalis Foundation and its Affiliates may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Khalis Foundation account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us.
Our Mission
Khalis provides resources to Sikhs around the world through technology and media. Our goal is to serve and inspire the whole of humanity by spreading the teachings of our Gurus to the masses.
Legal
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Social
© 2019 Khalis Foundation, a registered California non-profit organization