Privacy Policy | Tata Play Limited - Tata Play (formerly Tata Sky)
Skip to main content
Welcome
Home
Watch
Explore
Get Help
Recharge
Get Help
Login
Tata Play Limited - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Tata Play Services. Tata Play Services shall collectively mean Tata Play Binge Service, Tata Play Direct to Home (DTH) Services, Tata Play Platform Services, Tata Play Mobile App, Tata Play Binge App or Tata Play Secure Services or Tata Play Website www.tataplay.com or watch.tataplay.com or https://www.tataplaybinge.com or www.mytataplay.com or the Tata Play Digital Platforms including Social Media Platforms or any other services that Tata Play may provide in future.
Purpose. Tata Play Limited (formerly known as ‘Tata Sky Limited’) (hereinafter referred to as ‘Tata Play’) having its registered office at Unit 301 to 305, 3rd Floor, Windsor, Off C.S.T. Road, Kalina, Santacruz (East), Mumbai – 400 098 is committed to protecting any personal information that We may receive while You access the Tata Play Services or participate in any of the activities connected with Tata Play Services. In particular, We believe it is important for You to know how We treat information about You that We may receive from Tata Play Services or any other manner submitted by You. This Privacy Policy is devised to help You feel more confident about the privacy and security of Your personal details. When You leave your contact details, please note that We are not bound to reply. ‘You’ shall mean You, and ‘Yourself’ interpreted accordingly. ‘We’/‘Us’ means Tata Play Limited and ‘Our’ interpreted accordingly. ‘Users’ means the Users of Tata Play Services collectively and/or individually as the context allows.
When You choose to interact with Us by availing or subscribing to our Tata Play Services or Our products or services, by participating in Our user database or interacting with Our Support Team, You acknowledge that Your personal information will be treated as described in this Privacy Policy.
Eligibility. Tata Play Services are not intended for persons under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and We do not knowingly market Our products or services to children.
Eligibility. Tata Play Services are not intended for persons under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about children, and We do not knowingly market Our products or services to children.
The Information We Collect. We receive both information that is directly provided to Us, such as personal information You provide when You visit or avail Tata Play Services, and information that is passively or automatically collected from You, such as information collected from the browser or device You used to access Our Tata Play Services or any of them. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all this as the ‘User Information’. To explain further,
Information You Provide To Us. There are portions of Tata Play Services where We may need to collect personal information from You for a specific purpose. For e.g. You can register to sign up for an account (‘User Account’), register for an event, ask for support, etc. In the course of these various offerings, We often seek to collect from You various forms of information, including but not limited to: Your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, date of birth, occupation, and financial information. At some instances, You may also be able to submit information about other people. For example, You might submit a person's name and e-mail address to assist You to manage Your User Account. This information may include, for instance, a recipient's name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number. For applying to our Programs, you may also have to submit a copy of Your documents like proof of identity and proof of address, bank statements, and income tax returns.
Information That is Automatically Collected. In general, You may visit some of the Tata Play Services features without telling Us who You are or revealing any information about Yourself. We, and Our third party service providers or other business associates or partners (collectively ‘Partners’) may use automated means to collect various types of information about You, Your computer or other device used to access Tata Play Services. A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of automatically collected information may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser You are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system You are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), mobile network, device identifiers, device settings, browser settings, the web pages of the Tata Play Services You have visited, Tata Play Services visited before and after You visited our Tata Play Services, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view or avail the Tata Play Services (e.g., iOS, Android), location information, and the content and advertisements You have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on. Please see our Section titled Cookies, for more information about how the foregoing information may be collected and used.
How We may use the User Information. By entering Your User Information, You ACCEPT that We may retain Your User Information, in India or outside India, and that it may be held by Us or any Partners that processes it, in India or outside India, on Our behalf. We, along with Our Partners, shall be entitled to Use Your User Information, in India or outside India, for, including without limitation, any or all the following purposes:
verify your identity,
set up and maintenance of user account,
provide and communicate with You about the Program(s), upcoming events, offers, promotions and other information,
review Your application and candidature for our various Program
to respond to Your inquiries, request for assistance, communicate with You
enforce the legal terms (including without limitation Our policies and terms of service) that govern Your use of our Tata Play Services, and/or for the purposes for which You provided the information,
provide support including without limitation technical support for the Tata Play Services or in connection with Our Tata Play Services and/or Offerings,
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including, without limitation, copyright infringement) on or through Our Tata Play Services,
protect the safety of Our other Users,
In order to enable Us to comply with any requirements imposed on Us by law.
perform analysis regarding how You use the Tata Play Services or any part thereof such market research, including statistical analysis of User behaviour which We may disclose to third parties in depersonalised, aggregated form.
In order to send You periodic communications (this may include e-mail), about features, products and services, events and special offers. Such communications from Us may include advertising for third party companies or organisations.
In order to improve or customize our products, services offerings or the Tata Play Services, target promotional communications, advertising and assess general effectiveness of such promotional communications and advertising. Such promotional communications and advertising may include advertising for third party individuals, company or organisation.
administer and/or test the Tata Play Services such as maintain databases; or otherwise support our Services.
If You choose not to share the User Information. If You choose not to provide Us with the User Information described within this policy, then We may not be able to entertain Your Application or allow You to use the Tata Play Services or deal with us in any manner. We also may not be able to customize Our content, Tata Play Services and communications for Your preferences.
Pixels, Cookies and Web Becons. You should be aware that information and data may be automatically collected through the Use of Cookies or web beacons or similar tracking technologies. "Cookies" are text files placed in your computer browser that store basic information that a Tata Play Services can use to recognize repeat site visits and as an example, recall Your name if this has been previously supplied. We may use this to understand Your service and/or internet usage, observe behaviour and compile aggregate data in order to improve or customize our products, services offerings or the Tata Play Services, target the advertising and assess general effectiveness of such advertising. Cookies do not attach to Your system and damage Your files. If You do not want information collected through the Use of Cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows You to deny or accept the Cookie feature. Note, however, that "personalised" services may be affected if the cookie option is disabled. For example, We may use Cookies to personalize Your experience at our Tata Play Services (e.g., to recognize You by name when You return to Our Tata Play Services), save your password in password-protected areas. We also may use Cookies or other tracking technologies to help Us offer You products, offerings or services that may be of interest to You when You visit Tata Play Services. We or a third party platform with whom We work may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable You to receive customized offers, services on this Tata Play Services. These Cookies contain no information intended to identify You personally. The Cookies may be associated with de-identified demographic or other data linked to or derived from data You voluntarily have submitted to Us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form.
We and our Partners may also use "web beacons" or clear GIFs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on Our Tata Play Services or in an email, to monitor the behaviour and collect data about the visitors viewing Our Tata Play Services or email. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that Tata Play Services. Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.g., open rates, clicks, forwards, etc.). Third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. You can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting, and access a mechanism for exercising such choice by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Security and Data Storing. Security is very important to Us. All security procedures are in place to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Your User Information. We maintain strict physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect Your User Information including your personal information from unauthorized or inappropriate access, use, or disclosure. The User Information and/or Data may be stored in India and/or outside India or in physical form and/or electronic form and/or on cloud as deemed fit by Tata Play. We ensure that when We share Your information with third parties, We contractually require such third parties to follow reasonable security practices and take adequate security measures to ensure the security of Your information.
Information Sharing and Disclosures. We may share or disclose the User Information as follows:
To service providers or Partners that we have engaged to perform business-related functions on our behalf. This may include without limitation service providers or Partners that: (a) conduct research and analytics; (b) create content; (c) provide customer, technical or operational support; (d) conduct or support marketing (such as email or advertising platforms); (e) fulfill orders and user requests; (f) handle payments; (g) host our services, forums and online communities; (h) administer the Tata Play Services; (i) maintain databases; (j) otherwise support our Services and (i) testing of any or all Tata Play Services.
In response to regulatory and/or legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena, a law enforcement or quasi-judicial body or government agency's request or similar request from industry bodies.
With third parties in order to investigate, prevent, or take action (in our sole discretion) regarding potentially illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or the Tata Play Services, or violations of our policies, the law or our Terms of Use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Tata Play Services.
We may transfer some or all of User Information if We, or one of our business units, undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets, or if a substantial portion of our or of a business unit’s assets is sold or merged in this way.
We may share the User Information with Our affiliates or group companies, so they can provide, improve and communicate with You about their own, or their marketing partners’ products and services.
We reserve the right to disclose and/or transfer the User Information to our Partners in India or outside India. We will comply with all relevant Data Protection legislation in relation to the period for which We retain any User Information.
In addition to the above, We release User Information only when it is permitted under the law or required by law for legal compliance and law enforcement (including to government agencies with statutory law enforcement responsibilities, and/or to Your Internet Service Provider or network administrator); to protect Our or Your rights, property, or safety and the rights, property and safety of Our users, or others, and where We reasonably believe that disclosure is necessary.
Protection of User Information. We will take all reasonable steps to protect the User Information that We hold from misuse, loss, or unauthorized access or modification.
Right to access or correct User Information. You may request access to any User Information We hold about You at any time by contacting us. Your request will be processed in accordance with the prevailing law. You will need to verify your identity. We may not be able to grant access to some information if granting such access would interfere with the privacy of others.
Disposal of User Information. We retain User Information for as long as it is required for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. We take all reasonable measures to delete, dispose, anonymize or isolate User Information when we no longer have a legitimate need to process such User Information, as We deem fit.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Privacy Policy is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of India. If any of the parties wish to seek legal recourse, they may do so by using the sole and exclusive courts in New Delhi.
Updates. We may change this privacy policy from time to time and You should check these regularly. Your use of the Tata Play Services will be deemed an acceptance of the privacy policy existing at that time.
Grievance Officer
Contact Number – 08066233705
Email ID - Grievance.officer@tataplay.com
- As on 8 July, 2022
Read Privacy Policy In Hindi
About Tata Play
Connecting our viewers to leading content globally – available on any budget, any screen and anytime, anywhere​
Incorporated in 2001 and with services launched since 2006, Tata Play is India's leading content distribution platform providing Pay TV and OTT services. With the objective of connecting to leading content in the world on any budget, any screen, anytime and anywhere.
Home
Privacy Policy
Explore
Get New Connection
Bulk Connection Order
Tata Play Services
Tata Play Binge
Tata Play Fiber
Vedantu Pro Special Plan
Refer & Earn
Recharge Offers
Beyond Dth
Set Top Boxes & Packs
Tata Play Binge +
Tata Play HD
Tata Play+ HD
Tata Play SD
Compare Set Top Boxes
All Packs & Channels
Tata Play Cashback offer
TV Channels List
For Subscribers
My Account
Quick Recharge
Recharge in Hindi
Get Help
Help Videos
Box Upgrade
Multi TV
Manage Packs
Relocation Service
Tata Play Mobile App
Tata Play Binge App
Refund Policy
Support
Get Help
Dealer Locator
Chat with us
Know your Tata Play
DIY Tutorials
FAQs
How to recharge
Remote Control
Universal Remote Control
Sitemap
City Sitemap
Packs Sitemap
Watch
Overview
Live TV
On Demand
TV Guide
About
Overview
Corporate Governance
Consumer Corner - TRAI
Media Room
Terms & Conditions
Subscription Contracts
Upcoming Platform Updates
Privacy Policy
Website Usage
What is DTH / Digital TV
Warning and Fraudulent
Join the Tata Play family
Partner with us
Interested in joining us to explore business opportunities such as distribution and sales? Leave your email address and we’ll get in touch with you.
Get Started
Advertise with us
Got a product or service that you would like to advertise on Tata Play? Learn more about advertising options on Tata Play landing channel.
Know More
Careers
Be part of a culture that offers you opportunities to excel and grow. Know more about the application process to begin your journey.
Know More
Registered and Corporate Office:
Unit 301 to 305, 3rd Floor, Windsor, Off C.S.T. Road, Kalina, Santacruz (East), Mumbai 400 098, Maharashtra, India;
Telephone:
022 6613 3000
Email:
help@tataplay.com;
Toll-free number
18002086633
Website:
www.tataplay.com;
Corporate Identity Number:
U92120MH2001PLC130365
TATA and TATA PLAY are trademarks of Tata Sons Private Limited. All Sky Trademarks, and any intellectual property they contain, are owned by Sky International AG.
Used under License by Tata Play Limited (Formerly known as Tata Sky Limited). @ 2021 Tata Play Limited.
Stay logged in for more benefits
Manage your account, modify pack, quickly recharge, and get exclusive deals by staying logged in to your account. Any change to your account will be verified with OTP / Password for safety. What would you like to do?
My Account
Personal Details, Recharge, Transaction History
Manage all account-related activities
from one convenient location
Next
Buy
New Connection, Tata Play Binge, Upgrade Box
Bring the latest entertainment
into your home
Next
Get Help
FAQs, Help Videos, Chat, Track Request
Get all your Tata Play account-related
queries answered quickly
Next
Offers & More
Recharge Offers, Annual Cashback, Refer and Earn
Grab exciting deals and discounts
Next
Most Popular
Manage Packs
Recharge
Get new Connection
Download Tata Play Mobile App
Main Menu
My Account
Recharge
8 offers available
Manage Packs
Personal Details
Email Id, Address, Registered mobile number
Transaction History
Manage Saved Cards
Device Details & Warranty
My Coupons
Logout
Main Menu
Buy
Additional Connection at Same Address
Discount up to Rs 700 for existing customers
New Connection at a Different Address
Upgrade Set Top Box
Tata Play Binge
Entertainment apps on your TV
Netflix Combos
Netflix+ 12 OTT apps on your TV & mobile
NEW
Order Movies
Now playing Yaara
Tata Play Services
Vedantu Pro Special Plan
Tata Play Fiber
Main Menu
Get Help
Get Help Assistant
FAQs
DIY Tutorials
Help Videos
Track Request
Relocate Set Top Box
Refund Policy
Tata Play Support is now on WhatsApp
Chat now to get help-the fastest way
Main Menu
Offers & More
Recharge Offers
Made For You
Annual Cashback Offer
Netflix Combos
Refer & Earn
Refer a Friend & Earn ₹200
Your friend gets a special discount on a new HD connection
With the new Tata Play menu,
manage your account,
buy a new connection
or get help easily
Okay Got it