Privacy & Cookie Policy (Last updated : May 19, 2019) | PLANET-H.COM
Search
Primary Menu
Skip to content
Home
Products
G-Stomper Producer
What’s New
BETA Info
G-Stomper Studio
What’s New
G-Stomper Rhythm
What’s New
G-Stomper VA-Beast
What’s New
Link to MIDI Bridge
What’s New
Add-Ons
New Add-Ons
Sample Packs
VA-Beast Presets
Free Sample Packs
Free VA-Beast Presets
FAQ
Forum
User Manual
Tutorials
Ableton Link
MIDI
Terms
Privacy
About
Contact
Search for:
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Last updated : July 25, 2021
This privacy policy sets out how Planet-h.com (hereinafter “we”, “our”, “us”, “Planet-h.com”, “Planet-h.com Samples” or “Planet-h.com support forum”) uses and protects any information that you give Planet-h.com when you use our website, software or mobile applications (hereinafter “website”, “services”, “apps”, “mobile apps”, “mobile applications”, “software”, “products”).
By using our website, software or mobile applications you understand and agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, do not install, use, or access our website, software or mobile applications. We may update this policy from time to time. Any changes to this policy will appear on this page, including the policy’s effective date.
General policy
Planet-h.com respects your privacy and is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using our services, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not sell or disclose any of your personal data to third parties except under the circumstances described in this privacy policy.
Automatically collected data through our Website
Our website collects and stores only the absolute minimum of information that is required for its proper and safe operation. The collected data is stored on our server in Switzerland, Europe. We will never transmit these data to any other location or disclose it to third parties.
Server Log Files:
The host provider of our website automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files which your browser automatically transmits to our webserver, such as:
• browser type/version
• used operating system
• referrer URL
• host name or IP address of the accessing computer
• time of query
These data will not be associated with individual persons. We do not merge these data with other sources, and we do not pass these data on to third parties. We reserve the right to retrospectively check the data if there is any indication of illegal use.
Planet-h.com Support Forum:
The Planet-h.com support forum collects and stores information in its underlying database which your browser automatically transmits to our webserver, such as:
• browser type/version
• used operating system
• host name or IP address of the accessing computer
• time of query
These data will be associated with login attempts, sessions, registered users, and forum posts. The Planet-h.com support forum uses these data to protect our forums against spam and other attacks, e.g. to block an IP address after too many consecutive failed login attempts (known as “Brute-Force attack”), to protect user sessions from being hijacked, and more. We do not use these data in any other way than for the forum protection, and we do not pass these data on to third parties.
Automatically collected data through our Mobile Apps
Our mobile apps count and store how many times you’ve used the particular app (the “number of app sessions”). The number of app sessions is stored directly on your device, it is not transmitted anywhere, and it can only be read by the app that has created and stored the value. We use the number of app sessions to ask you after a certain number of app sessions to rate the app and/or to share the app with your friends.
Apart from the number of app sessions, we do not collect any usage or analysis data through our mobile apps.
Data that you provide us directly through our Website
Basic Account Information:
Planet-h.com may require you to register with the
Planet-h.com support forum
(hereinafter “support forum”, “support forums”, “forum”, “forums”). This is to allow you to write forum posts, such as support requests. In order to register with the Planet-h.com support forum, you are required to provide certain personal data, such as a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter “your username”), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter “your login password”) and a personal, valid email address (hereinafter “your email address”).
Your username is listed publicly in the support forums and will also be included in search results.
Your email address is only visible to administrators of the Planet-h.com support forum. Your email address will never be visible to other forum members or anonymous visitors of our website, except if you post your email address within a public forum post (see “Public Forum Content”). We may use your email address to provide you with customer support or to notify you about new posts to your subscribed forums or forum topics. You can use the user control panel in the support forum to subscribe to or unsubscribe from notifications from our forums.
When you register with the Planet-h.com support forum, we store your username, your login password, your email address, and a variety of settings that you apply in your user profile (your “Basic Account Information” and your “Additional Profile Information). Your login password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same login password across a number of different websites. Your login password is the means of accessing your account at the Planet-h.com support forum, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with Planet-h.com or another third party, legitimately ask you for your login password. Should you forget your login password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” feature provided by the Planet-h.com support forum. This process will ask you to submit your username and your email address, and then the Planet-h.com support forum will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
None of your basic account information (with exception of your publicly listed username) will ever be passed on to third parties without your explicit permission.
Additional Profile Information:
You may also choose to provide us with additional personal data for your user profile, which we will make public (your “public user profile”), such as an avatar picture or a signature for your forum posts. The information that you provide in your public user profile will be visible to others, including anonymous visitors of our website.
Public Forum Content:
Please be aware that our support forums are public, and that any information you post through forum posts or topics becomes public information. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited responses. Please also bear in mind that any personal information that you submit through forum posts or topics may be collected by others. Therefore you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any of your personal information in public forum posts or topics.
Contact Form:
If you send inquiries to us via the
contact form
, your data entered into the contact form, including the stated contact data, are stored for the purpose of dealing with your inquiry and in case of additional inquiries. These data will not be passed on to third parties without your explicit permission.
Data that you provide us directly through our Mobile Apps
Contact Developer Button and Error Reports:
If you press the “Contact Developer” button in the help section of our mobile apps, or if you send an error report by pressing the “E-Mail” button in an error popup window in our mobile apps, our app will prepare a new mail for you, pre-filled with our support email address and a prepared subject line. The prepared subject line contains the name and version of the particular mobile app (e.g. G-Stomper Studio 5.7.1), your operating system version, your device model, the basic CPU and display specification of your device, and several basic settings of the used app (such as the selected audio sample rate). Additionally, in case of an error report, the error stack will be added to the email body. These details are important and are required by us to provide you with efficient and accurate customer support. If you do not want to provide us with these details, please replace the prepared subject line with your own one and/or delete the error stack from the email body before you send us the email.
If you send inquiries to us via the “Contact Developer” button or through error reports, your data entered into the email, including the subject line, the error stack and the stated contact data, are stored for the purpose of dealing with your inquiry and in case of additional inquiries. These data will not be passed on to third parties without your explicit permission.
Data that you provide us directly through other Channels
All kinds of Inquiries:
If you send inquiries to us via email, physical mail, social networks (such as Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn, YouTube, SoundCloud, etc.), WhatsApp, SMS, Phone, or via any other channel, your inquiry, including the stated contact data, are stored for the purpose of dealing with your inquiry and in case of additional inquiries. These data will not be passed on to third parties without your explicit permission.
Cookies
Our website uses so-called cookies, which store certain information on your computer or mobile device. Cookies do not cause damages to your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies allow us to make our website more user-friendly, more efficient and more secure. Cookies are small text files, stored by your browser on your computer.
The cookies we use are required by our content management system and our support forum for their proper and safe operation. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which remain on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal experience on our website.
These cookies cannot read (or give us access to) any other data from your storage or read cookie files created by other websites or applications. As a matter of course you can delete these cookies at any time in use of your browser settings.
We explicitly do not use any tracking cookies (which are typically used to collect usage data).
Most browsers are set to accept cookies unless you change your browser settings. You can adjust your browser that way in order to be informed when cookies are placed, to individually allow cookies or to generally deactivate cookies in certain cases as well as to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Please refer to
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
or the guidance provided by your individual web browser if you’d like help in managing your cookie preferences. Please note that the deactivation of cookies may impair the functionality of this website.
Web Fonts
Our website uses so-called web fonts, provided by our webserver. On retrieving our website your browser downloads the necessary web fonts to your browser cache in order to correctly display texts and fonts. If your browser does not support web fonts, your computer uses a standard font.
All web fonts that are used by our website are hosted directly on our webserver in Switzerland, Europe. We explicitly do not use any third-party API to download these web fonts. This ensures that no data is collected by the provider of such an API while loading these web fonts.
Third-party Websites and Applications
General:
Our website, software and mobile applications contain links to third-party websites and applications. This also includes social media share buttons (see “Social Media Share Buttons”) and links to YouTube content. When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our website, software or mobile applications and go to another site, and another entity may collect personal data, anonymous data, and/or aggregated data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites or applications. Therefore you should review the privacy policies of such websites and applications before use, as those can differ from the ones expressed by Planet-h.com. The links to such websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content or websites.
Social Media Share Buttons:
Our website uses so-called social media share buttons. These share buttons give you an easy way to share specific pages of our website with Twitter, Google+, Facebook, LinkedIn, Reddit, or by email. All of our share buttons are simple links to certain pages of these social media websites.
We explicitly do not use any third-party API to generate our social media share buttons. This ensures that no data is collected by the provider of such an API while generating these share buttons.
YouTube Content:
Our website contains links to YouTube content such as videos or playlists. Please note that these are just simple links and not embedded videos.
We explicitly do not use any third-party plugins to embed videos (such as the YouTube Player). This ensures that no data is collected by the provider of such plugin when you visite our website.
SSL Encryption
For security reasons and to protect the transmission of personal data from your computer to our webserver (e.g. data you enter in the registration form of the Planet-h.com support forum), our website uses Security Sockets Layer (“SSL”) encryption technology. You recognise an encrypted transmission by the change of the address line of the browser from “http://” to “https://” and by the lock-symbol in your browser address line.
Data Storage Location
All personal data, either automatically collected through our website or our mobile apps, or directly provided by you through our website or our mobile apps, are stored in Switzerland, Europe.
Exceptions:
The number of app sessions is stored in the particular app preferences on your mobile device (see “Automatically collected data through our Mobile Apps”).
Children’s Privacy
Our services are not directed to anyone under 13 in the United States, anyone under 16 in the European Economic Area or anyone under the minimum age to use commercial services in the jurisdiction where they reside (hereinafter “minimum age”). Persons under the minimum age are not allowed to use our services and we do not knowingly collect information from such individuals. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal data without your consent (e.g. through the registration with the Planet-h.com support forum or through forum submissions), please
contact us
. If we become aware that a child under the minimum age has provided us with personal data, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account, unless proper parental consent is delivered to Planet-h.com.
Right to Information, Deletion, Blocking
You have the right to be informed about your personal data, their origin and recipients, and the purpose of data processing, as well as the right to correct, block or delete those data at any time and free of charge. For further questions, and questions concerning personal data, feel free to
contact us
.
Advertisements in our Mobile Apps
Our mobile apps may contain so-called house ads (hereinafter “ads”, “ad”, “advertisements”, “mobile ads”), which we use exclusively to advertise our own products, such as our other mobile apps. Our house ads are directly provided by our mobile apps and do not require an internet connection. Our house ads do not collect or transmit any data.
We explicitly do not use any advertising network to serve us with ads. This ensures that no data is collected by such an advertising network while loading ads.
Mobile App Permissions
Android 8.0 and higher – Isolated Storage – No Permission Required:
On Android 8.0 and higher, our mobile apps store all of their files in their private, isolated storage, and therefore no longer require any Storage Access Permission.
Generally, on Android 8.0 and higher, all files related to our apps will be stored in the folder “/sdcard/Android/data/<app‑packagename>/files/gstomper” (<app‑packagename> is unique for each app) on your device. However, you can also save files outside of this folder structure.
Android 7.x and lower – Storage Access – Read/Write External Storage:
On Android 7.x and lower, our mobile apps require read and write access to your device storage to be able to load and save musical content, such as Patterns, Pattern Sets, Projects, Scenes, Sound Sets, Synthesizer Presets, Generic Synthesizer Presets (.sfz), Audio Samples (.wav, .aif, .aiff), and MIDI files (.mid, .midi).
Generally, on Android 7.x and lower, all files related to our apps will be stored in the folder “/sdcard/gstomper” on your device. However, you can also save files outside of this folder structure.
Please take note that the storage access is often called “access photos, media and files”. As a matter of course we will never access any of your pictures or any other data on your device that is not related to our apps.
Microphone Access – Record Audio:
Our mobile apps require access to your microphone to be able to record new audio samples in use of the integrated graphical audio editor. If you start the audio editor in the particular app (e.g. by long pressing the main record button) and then press the record button in the audio editor, then (and only then) the app will access your microphone as long as choose to record audio. As soon as you press the stop button in the audio editor or when you exit the audio editor, the app will stop accessing your microphone.
Our mobile apps do not access your microphone for any other purpose.
Android 11.x and lower – Location Access – Access Precise Location:
On Android 11.x and lower, our mobile apps require access to your device’s precise location to be able to discover nearby Bluetooth Low Energy (hereinafter “Bluetooth LE”, “BLE”) MIDI devices, such as MIDI controllers, MIDI interfaces or MIDI extenders. If you press the “Scan for Bluetooth LE MIDI Devices” button in the MIDI settings of the particular app, then (and only then) the app will access your device’s location in order to find Bluetooth LE MIDI devices around you.
Our mobile apps do not access your device’s location for any other purpose.
Please refer to
Bluetooth Low Energy Overview | Android Developers
and
Privacy Changes in Android 10 | Android Developers
for further information about the permission requirements.
Note that as of Android 12.0, the location access permission is no longer required.
Android 12.0 and higher – Bluetooth Access – Scan and Connect:
On Android 12.0 and higher, our mobile apps require the Bluetooth scan permission to be able to discover and pair nearby Bluetooth Low Energy (hereinafter “Bluetooth LE”, “BLE”) MIDI devices. Furthermore, our mobile apps require the Bluetooth connect permission to be able to connect to paired Bluetooth LE MIDI devices.
Our mobile apps do not use the Bluetooth access for any other purpose.
Please refer to
New Bluetooth permissions in Android 12 | Android Developers
for further information about the new Bluetooth permission requirements starting with Android 12.0.
Internet Access:
Our mobile apps require internet access for the use of Ableton Link. Ableton Link is a technology that synchronizes beat, phase and tempo of Ableton Live and Link-enabled apps over a wireless network. In order to access a wireless network, our apps require the internet access permission.
Our mobile apps do not use the internet access for any other purpose.
Please refer to our
Ableton Link help page
for further information about Ableton Link.
Share this page:
G-Stomper Producer
G-Stomper Studio
G-Stomper VA-Beast Synth
VA-Beast Essentials-1
This pack provides 40 finest synthesizer presets: Basses, Lead Synths, finest FM Synths, Spheric FX sounds, Strings, Pads, and more
G-Stomper Rhythm
Search for:
New Forum Topics
General Questions and Discussions • Android 13, default storage location for addon files
Sample Packs • Some Addons not accessible with "Get more"?
General Questions and Discussions • Producer vs Studio, wav import & polyrhythms
G-Stomper VA-Beast Questions and Discussions • Import MIDI-Pattern
General Questions and Discussions • Copy bar in Rhythm
General Questions and Discussions • Compressor/Limiters
G-Stomper VA-Beast Questions and Discussions • How to recreate the Rober Miles "acid" Arpeggiator?
Music Showcase • Track made on G-stomper
© 2011-2023
PLANET-H.COM
FAQ
FORUM
USER MANUAL
TERMS
PRIVACY
ABOUT
CONTACT
This Website or its third party tools use cookies, which are required by our content management system and our support forum for their proper and safe operation. By closing this banner, scrolling this page, clicking a link or continuing to browse otherwise, you agree to the use of cookies in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
Ok
Review our Privacy Policy