Privacy Policy
We are honored to have you at WE, being a WE customer you accept the practices described in this privacy policy notice.
this privacy policy notice describes the type of information necessary for WE (Telecom Egypt) and all its assets to gather from you in order to process your inquiries and /or provide you with the services offered by WE, Policy concerns the handling of customer personal information; this includes the collection, storage, access, use, updating, disclosure, disposal, destruction or any other processing of such information.
The purpose of gathering information from the customer serves the purpose of operating our business and enhancing our experience. WE (Telecom Egypt) is entrusted with the confidentiality of millions of customers’ communications and for managing an immense volume of personal information. WE continue to foster the trust and confidence of customers in the way we handle their personal information and how we provide services. This Privacy Policy Notice is created on 20 March 2018 and subject to change at any time.
When do we collect your personal information?
We can get your personal information when you:
Buy a product or service from us (including buying products online, over the phone, in a retail store or other retail outlet)
Register for a specific product or service (such as registering your name and address details to pay as you go phone or setting up an e-mail account with us)
Ask us for more information about a product or service, or contact us with a question or complaint.
Submit survey feedback upon your acceptance.
Use our network and other Telecom Egypt products or services.
Visit or browse our website or other Telecom Egypt Group website.
We may also collect information about you from other organizations, if applicable. This includes credit reference agencies. We may also collect information about you from other destinations that have a regulatory nature, such as commercial registration, tax authority, etc.
What personal information do we collect?
The information we collect about you depends on the products and services you use and subscribe to. It includes (but not limited to) the following:
As per your signed contract with us we obtain: your name, address, phone number, date of birth and e-mail address.
Your preference for particular products, services or lifestyle activities when you tell us what they are – or when we assume what they are, depending on how you use our products and services.
Your transaction history for the purpose of billing and charging.
Your contact with us- such as a note or recording of a call you make to one of our contact center, an e-mail or letter you send to us or other records of any contact you have with us.
Your account information – such as dates of payment owed and received, prepaid recharge information, the subscription services you use or any other information related to your account.
We’ll also get information on how you use our products and services, such as:
The phone numbers that you call or send messages to (or the phone numbers that you receive these calls and messages from) for billing and charging purposes.
The date, time and duration of the calls and messages you send or receive through our network, and your approximate location at the time these communications take place for the purpose of billing and charging.
The level of service you receive – for example, network faults and other network events which may affect our network services.
The date, time and duration of your internet browsing, and your approximate location at the time of browsing.
How do we use your personal information?
We may use and analyze your information to:
Carry out a credit check if you’re applying for a contract for airtime services and installments to access your application.
Process the products and services you’ve bought from us, and keep you updated with your order progress.
Contact you with offers and promotions based on how you use our products and services. These include your calling and messaging activities, location information and browsing information (see Section 2 on “collecting your personal information” for more details)
Bill you for using our products and services, or to take the appropriate amount of credit from you.
Respond to any questions or concerns you may have about using our network, products or services.
Protect our network and manage the volume of calls, texts and other use of our network. For example, we identify peak periods of use so we can try and ensure the network can handle the volume at those times.
Carrying out research and statistical analysis including monitoring how customers use our network, products and services on an anonymous or personal basis.
Prevent and detect fraud or other crimes, recover debts or trace those who owe us money.
Provide aggregated reports to third parties (such reports do not contain any information which may identify you as an individual).
How long do we store your personal information?
We’ll store your information for as long as we have to by law. If there’s no legal requirement, we’ll only store it for as long as we need it. We’ll also keep some personal information for a reasonable period after your contract has finished just in case you decided to use our services again. We, or one of our partners, may contact you to offer WE (Telecom Egypt) services during this time if you haven’t opted out of receiving marketing communication from us.
When do we share your personal information?
We may share information about you with:
Companies in the Telecom Egypt Group.
Partners or agents involved in delivering the products or services you’ve ordered or used.
Companies who are engaged to perform services for, or on behalf of WE (Telecom Egypt).
Credit reference, fraud prevention or business scoring agencies, or other credit scoring agencies.
Debt collection agencies or other debt recovery organizations.
Law enforcement agencies, regulatory organizations, courts or other public authorities if we have to, or are authorized by law.
Emergency services (if you make an emergency call), including your approximate location.
We’ll release information if it’s reasonable for the purpose of protecting us against fraud, defending our rights or property, or to protect the interests of our customers. If WE (Telecom Egypt) is recognized or sold to another organization, we may transfer any personal information we hold about you to that organization. We will not share your information with 3rd party organizations to contact you about their products and services without capturing your explicit, informed and specific consent.
How do we keep your information secure?
We have specialized security teams who constantly review and improve our measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, accidental loss, disclosure or destruction. If we have a contract with another organization to provide you with services or a service on our behalf to process your personal information, we’ll make sure they have appropriate security measures and only process your information in the way we’ve authorized them to. These organizations won’t be entitled to use your personal information for their own purposes. If necessary, our security team will check them to make sure they meet the security requirements we’ve set.
If you grant our app access to your smartphone contacts, we will use it if required to facilitate payments, sending, receiving, and identification of calls, messages, or other communications using our services according to the law of the Arab Republic of Egypt. WE will never use the information in your contacts for marketing reasons to any other entity/third party, so If you do not grant permission for the app to access your contacts, neither the app nor any of our services will be able to do so.
Cookies – Privacy Using Cookies.
This section is about what cookies are, how we use them and how you can manage them for both our sites.
What are cookies?
Cookies are tiny text files that are stored on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you visit a website. The cookies mean that the website will remember you and how you’ve used the site every time you come back. If you want to know more about cookies, head to aboutcookies.org (Please note: this link opens a new window or browser tab).
How we use cookies?
We only keep a session cookie to enable the website to keep track of your usage performance on our website pages so you don’t get asked for the same information you’ve already given to the site.
For security reasons, the application shouldn’t run on a rooted /jail broken device as your personal information might be at risk. This will be at your own responsibility.