Vacation Rentals - Cabins - Condos - Search Engine | Holidu
In cooperation with
My bookings
List your property
My favorites
Log in
Data Protection Policy
How we process your data
Pursuant to Article 12 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we are obliged to tell you how we process your data when you use our website. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously, and this Data Protection Policy is intended to provide you with details of how your data are processed and your statutory rights in this connection.
We reserve the right to amend the Data Protection Policy with future effect, in particular if the website is updated, if new technologies are deployed, if the legislative basis is amended or if relevant decisions are handed down by the courts.
We encourage you to review the Data Protection Policy from time to time and to keep a print-out or copy with your records.
Definitions
· "Website" means all of the controller's webpages hosted on the domain https://www.holidu.com/.
· "Personal data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ("data subject"). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Personal data therefore include a person's name, email address and telephone number, but also data about his or her preferences, hobbies and memberships.
· "Processing" means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
· "Pseudonymisation" means the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
· "Consent" of the data subject means any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
· "Google" means Google, LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; contact address in the European Union: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001.
Scope
The Data Protection Policy applies to all webpages hosted on the domain https://www.holidu.com/. It does not apply to any linked websites provided by other companies.
Controller
The controller responsible for processing personal data within the scope of this Data Protection Policy is as follows:
Holidu GmbH
Riesstraße 24
80992 München
service@holidu.com
Tel.: +49 (0) 89 / 215571429
Questions concerning data protection
If you have any questions concerning data protection in relation to our company or our website, please contact our Data Protection Officer:
PROLIANCE GmbH
www.datenschutzexperte.de
Leopoldstr. 21
80802 München
datenschutzbeauftragter@datenschutzexperte.de
Security
We take extensive technical and organisational precautions to protect your personal data against unauthorised access, misuse, loss and other external interference. We review our security measures on a regular basis and ensure that they reflect the state of the art.
Your rights
You are entitled to exercise the following rights in respect of your personal data:
right of access (Article 15 GDPR),
right to rectification (Article 16 GDPR) or erasure (Article 17 GDPR),
right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR),
· right to object (Article 21 GDPR),
right to withdraw consent (Article 7(3) GDPR),
· right to receive data
in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (
"data portability") and right to transmit data to another controller provided the requirements laid out in Article 20(1)(a) and (b) GDPR are met (Article 20 GDPR)
You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided above in the section entitled "Controller", or by contacting our appointed Data Protection Officer.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority about our processing of your personal data (Article 77 GDPR).
Use of the website, access data
In general terms, you can use our website for purely informative purposes without disclosing your identity. When you visit the individual pages of our website, access data are transferred to our webspace provider, but these data are only processed for the purpose of displaying our website to you. They include:
• browser type/version
• operating system used
• browser software language and version
• host name of the end device accessing the website
• IP address
• requesting website
• content of the request (specific page)
• date and time of the server request
• access status/HTTP status code
• referrer URL (last page visited)
• quantity of data transferred
• time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Temporary processing of your IP address by the system for the duration of the session is necessary to ensure that the technical prerequisites are met for delivery of the website to your computer. However, IP addresses are immediately truncated and thus pseudonymised for this purpose. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Access data are not used to identify individual users and are not combined with data from other sources. They are erased when they are no longer required to achieve the purpose of processing. If data are collected for the purpose of providing the website, they will therefore be erased when you leave the website.
IP addresses are stored in log files to guarantee the functionality of the website. Access data are also used to optimise the website and protect our information technology systems. They are not evaluated for marketing purposes. Generally speaking, they are erased after a period lasting no longer than thirty days; in individual cases, however, they may be processed after this period has expired. In such cases the IP address will be deleted or encrypted in such a way that it is no longer possible to assign it to the original client.
It is absolutely vital for us to collect data on the provision of the website and to process log file data in order to operate our website. You have the right to object to processing of this kind. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]). In the event that your objection is legitimate, we will review the situation and either stop processing the data, change how we process the data or notify you if there are compelling legitimate grounds for us to continue processing the data.
Cookies
In addition to the access data referred to above, cookies are also stored in the web browser of the end device you use to visit our website. Cookies are small text files containing a sequence of characters which are stored locally in the cache of the browser you use. Cookies do not form part of the PC system and cannot execute programs. Their purpose is to make our website more user-friendly. It may be necessary to use cookies for technical reasons or other purposes (e.g. analysis/evaluation of website usage).
a) cookies which are necessary for technical reasons
Certain parts of our website require the visiting browser to be identifiable even after moving to a different page. Cookies are used to process the following data in this connection:
• language settings
• log-in details
The user data collected by cookies which are necessary for technical reasons are not used to create user profiles.
We also use session cookies, which store a session ID that assigns your browser's requests to the relevant session. Session cookies play a vital role in the delivery of
our website. In particular
, they allow us to recognise your end device when you return to our website.
We use session cookies to recognise follow-up visits to our website by users who hold an account with us, and to avoid them needing to log in again every time.
The legal basis for processing of this kind is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. The purpose of session cookies is therefore to make it easier and more convenient for you to use our website. They are deleted as soon as you log out or close your browser.
The default setting for most browsers is to accept cookies automatically. You can object to cookies being used to process your data. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR). In the event of a justified objection on your part, we will examine the situation and either stop or modify the data processing or demonstrate to you our compelling legitimate grounds for continuing the processing. You can disable or restrict the transfer of cookies by changing the settings in your web browser. Cookies which have previously been stored can be deleted at any time. You can also arrange for this to take place automatically. If you disable the use of cookies on our website, it may no longer be fully functional.
b) Cookies not required for technical purposes
We also use cookies on the website that allow us to analyse users’ surfing behaviour. The following data is processed in the cookies, for example:
• Search terms entered
• Frequency of page views
• Use of website functions
These cookies are used to make the website easier to use and more attractive. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6(1)(1)(f) GDPR. The cookies not required for technical purposes are deleted automatically when a session ends.
You may object to the processing of your data using cookies. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR). If you do not want cookies to be used, you can modify your browser settings to block cookies from being set at all or in specific situations, and to delete any cookies already stored. You can also configure the settings so that you are notified before any cookies are set. If you modify your browser settings for the use of cookies or disable cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.
c) Cookie banner notification
When you visit the website, an information banner notifies you about the use of cookies and refers you to this privacy policy. It includes information about how to prevent the storage of cookies in the browser settings.
Contacting our company
When you make contact with our company, e.g. via email or the contact form on the website, we process the personal data you provide in order to respond to your request.
In order for us to handle requests submitted via the contact form on our website, we need a name or pseudonym, a valid email address and a telephone number. The following data are also processed when the message is submitted:
• IP address
• date/time of submission
The legal basis for processing of this kind is Article
6
(1)
(f) GDPR or Article 6(1)(b) GDPR if contact is made with the aim of concluding a contract.
We process the personal data provided via the contact form solely in order to handle the request for contact. In the event that such a request is submitted via email, this too constitutes the necessary legitimate ground for processing the data. The other personal data processed when the contact form is submitted are used to prevent misuse of this form and to protect our information technology systems.
No data are transferred to third parties, regardless of whether contact is made via email or the contact form. The data are used exclusively to communicate with you. The data generated in this connection are erased once it is no longer necessary to process them; alternatively, the processing of these data is restricted in so far as possible in view of the mandatory retention periods.
You can object at any time to the processing of your personal data in connection with contact requests. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compel-ling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the pro-cessing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR). A right to object exists in particular if the processing is not required in order to perform a contract with you, which is outlined by us in the previous description of functions. This applies in particular if the processing of your data is no longer necessary to execute a contract with you, as explained previously. It may no longer be possible to continue handling your contact request in such cases. In the event that your objection is legitimate, we will review the situation and either stop processing the data, change how we process the data or notify you if there are compelling legitimate grounds for us to continue processing the data.
Processing and transfer of personal data for contractual purposes
We process your personal data if and to the extent that this is necessary to initiate, establish, execute and/or terminate legal relations with our company. The legal basis for processing of this kind is
Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.
Once the relevant purpose has been achieved (e.g. the contract has been executed), the personal data will be blocked or erased rather than processed further unless we have obtained consent from you (e.g. consent to the processing of your email address for the sending of advertising emails), a contractual agreement exists, a statutory authorisation exists (e.g. authorisation to carry out direct advertising), or we have a legitimate interest (e.g. storage with a view to the later enforcement of claims) in continuing to store the data and are entitled to process them in so far as necessary in the relevant context.
We will transfer your personal data in the event that:
· such transfers are necessary for the establishment, execution or termination of legal relations with our company (e.g. in cases where data are transferred to a payment service provider/shipping company in order to execute a contract we have concluded with you) (Article 6(1)(b) GDPR), or
· the data are required by a subcontractor or vicarious agent engaged solely for the purpose of providing the services or products you have requested (unless you are expressly notified otherwise, such parties are only entitled to process the data in so far as necessary to provide the service or product), or
· an enforceable official order exists (Article 6(1)(c) GDPR) or
· an enforceable court order exists (Article 6(1)(c) GDPR) or
· a legal obligation exists (Article 6(1)(c) GDPR), or
· processing of the data is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person (Article 6(1)(d) GDPR), or
· we are entitled or even obliged to transfer data in order to pursue our overriding legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR).
We will not otherwise transfer your personal data to other individuals, companies or authorities unless you have expressly consented thereto. The legal basis for processing of this kind is Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Processing and transfer of personal data in the online booking system
If you wish to make a booking in our online shop, you are required to provide personal data such as your name, address and email address in order to initiate and conclude the contract. The mandatory information required to process the booking and contract are clearly marked as such; any other information is provided voluntarily. We process your data in order to process the booking. To do this, we forward payment data in particular to the payment service provider selected by you or to our main bank. When processing your booking or booking enquiry, the booking information is also sent to external Internet booking engine operators (e.g. TourOnline AG, Borsigstraße 26, 73249, Wernau "DIRS 21") for contract execution or preparation. The legal basis for the processing is Art.
6
(
1
)(1)(b) GDPR.
The personal data processed in connection with your booking or booking enquiry is sent to the relevant operator of the holiday home or holiday apartment.
To prevent unauthorised third parties from gaining access to your personal data, the booking process on the website is encrypted using SSL technology.
We delete the data collected during this process once it no longer needs to be retained, or restrict processing if statutory retention periods apply. Due to mandatory regulations under commercial and tax law, we are required to store your address, payment and booking data for ten years. Two years after the contract has ended, we will restrict processing and reduce processing to that required for compliance with the applicable statutory obligations.
Comment function and reviews of accommodation on the website
You can leave comments and review accommodation on the website.
When you do so, we process the following personal data:
· Email address
· Name provided.
There is no obligation to provide your actual name; you may use the function under a pseudonym.
The following data is also processed at the time of adding a comment or review:
· IP address
· Date/time of entry.
When publishing your entry, the email address that you provide is not published, only the name/pseudonym that you have entered. We do not review your entry before it is published. We reserve the right to remove entries at any time if they are found to be unlawful.
We process your email address and name/pseudonym so that, where necessary, we are able to determine whether the entry is a genuine experience report. Furthermore, we want to be able to contact you if we receive a complaint that your entry on the website is unlawful, and to be able to defend ourselves against complaints or claims that may be asserted against us as a result of your entry.
For this reason, we also process your IP address. We delete the IP address after one week. We process your email address for the duration of time that your entry remains on the website or while we are dealing with the entry in the context of a legal dispute.
If you or we delete your entry, we will process the email address, name provided and other information provided voluntarily until the statutory limitation periods expire for the prevention and defence reasons specified, but will restrict the processing of this data after six months.
We do not pass on data to third parties unless we are obligated to do so by law or on account of an official or judicial order or the transfer of data is required for the purposes of our legitimate interests. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6(1)(1)(f) GDPR.
You may object to the processing of your provided data on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR).
You may have your entry deleted by us at any time. To do this, it is sufficient to contact us via email or telephone using the contact details specified in the "Responsible provider" section. You have the right to take action in accordance with the "Your rights" section, but we ask that you contact our company in the first instance in the event of any complaints.
Email marketing
Advertising to existing customers
Unless you have objected to your email address being processed for this purpose, we reserve the right to process the email address provided by you upon reservation in accordance with the statutory provisions, during or after execution of the contract, in order to email you content on subjects such as the following:
· Other interesting offers from our portfolio
· Overview of potential leisure offers.
The legal basis for processing of this kind is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We process data in this way as a convenience for our customers and in order to improve the service we provide. We erase your data if you unsubscribe to the newsletter, and no later than two years after termination of the contract.
You can object to receiving direct advertising at any time without incurring any expenses other than the basic rate cost of sending the message. You have a general right to object without specifying the reasons for doing so in this respect (Art. 21(2) GDPR). In order to do so, click on the unsubscribe link in the newsletter or forward your objection to the contact address provided in the section above entitled "Controller".
Newsletter
You have the option of subscribing to our email newsletter on the website, which we use to keep you
regularly informed about the following content
:
· Offers from our portfolio.
The provision of the following personal data is required in order to receive the newsletter:
· Valid email address.
The double opt-in process is used for subscription to our email newsletter. Following provision of the data marked as mandatory, we send an email to the email address that you provided in which we ask you to explicitly confirm your subscription to the newsletter (by clicking on a confirmation link). By following this process, we make sure that you actually want to receive our email newsletter. If we do not receive confirmation within 24 hours, we block the information provided to us and delete it automatically after one month at the latest.
The following data is also processed at the time of subscribing:
· IP address
· Date/time of subscription to the newsletter
· Time of your confirmation via the confirmation link
Gender
First name
Last name
Email address
Booking date on Holidu
Check-out date
· Number of fellow travellers
Apartment-ID
Domain
We process your IP address, the time of subscription to the newsletter and the time of your confirmation in order to document your newsletter subscription and to prevent the misuse of your personal data. The legal basis for the processing is Art.
6
(
1
)(1)(f) GDPR. We process this data up to two years after the end of the contract. If the newsletter subscription takes place outside of the conclusion of a contract, we process this data up to two years after the end of the user activity. We delete this data when the newsletter subscription ends.
Following receipt of your confirmation, we process the email address and name/pseudonym of the recipient concerned for the purposes of sending our email newsletter. The legal basis for the processing is Art.
6
(
1
)(1)(a) GDPR. We delete this data when you end the newsletter subscription.
You may withdraw your consent to the processing of the email address for the purposes of receiving the newsletter at any time, either by notifying us (using the contact details in the "Responsible provider/representative of provider in the European Union" section) or by clicking on the unsubscribe link contained in the newsletter. The lawfulness of the processing carried out based on the consent up to the time of withdrawal of consent is not affected by the withdrawal (Art. 13(2)(c) GDPR).
We analyse your user behaviour when sending the newsletter. For the purposes of this analysis, the emails sent contain web beacons, also known as tracking pixels, which are single-pixel image files that are integrated on our website. To perform the analysis, we link the data specified in the "Access data" section and the web beacons to your email address and an individual ID. Links contained in the newsletter also contain this ID.
Using the data acquired, we create a user profile in order to tailor the newsletter to your personal interests. During this process, we record when you read our newsletter and which links you click on in the newsletter, and deduce your personal interests based on this information. We link this data to the actions that you take on our website. The information is processed for the duration of time that you are subscribed to the newsletter. Following unsubscription, we process the data anonymously and purely for statistical purposes.
The purpose of this is to analyse usage and optimise the email advertising that we send to you. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6(1)(1)(f) GDPR.
You have a general right to object to data processing for the purposes of direct advertising without specifying the reasons for doing so (Art. 21(2) GDPR). You may object to this tracking at any time by clicking on the specific unsubscribe link included in each newsletter or by notifying us using the contact details specified in the "Responsible provider" section.
You can also prevent tracking by disabling the display of images by default in your email program. If you do this, you will not be able to see the entire newsletter and you may not be able to use all the functions. If you allow the display of images manually, the tracking described above will take place.
Email marketing service "MailChimp"
We use the email marketing service "MailChimp" provided by the Rocket Science Group, LLC (675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA, website:
https://mailchimp.com/
; hereinafter: "MailChimp").
If you have subscribed to the newsletter, data provided upon registration are stored and processed on MailChimp's servers in the USA for the purpose of advertising to existing customers. MailChimp processes these data in order to send out and evaluate newsletters on our behalf. MailChimp newsletters contain "web beacons", which are pixel-sized files downloaded from the MailChimp server when the newsletter is opened. Technical data (such as the browser being used, the time at which the page is visited and the IP address) are collected as part of this process. These data are processed as a basis for evaluating and making technical improvements to the service we provide, as well as for determining whether newsletters are opened, when they are opened and which links are clicked on by readers. In theory, these data can be assigned to individual newsletter recipients. In practice, however, neither we nor MailChimp are interested in monitoring individual recipients; instead, the data are evaluated in order to find out more about recipients' reading habits so that we can adapt and better target the content of our newsletter for our existing customers. The legal basis for processing of this kind is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR
.
We do not know and cannot influence the length of time for which these data are stored by MailChimp.
You have a general right to object to data processing for the purposes of direct advertising without specifying the reasons for doing so (Art. 21(2) GDPR). You can object to the processing at any time with future effect by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter. Your data will no longer be processed by MailChimp for the purpose of sending you the newsletter or carrying out statistical evaluations. It is not possible to object to one of these activities alone.
Alternatively, you can exercise your right to object at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ (in the European Union).
According to MailChimp, the company may also use the data transferred for the purpose of optimising and improving its own services, e.g. technical improvements to the way in which newsletters are sent and displayed. The company states that it does not process the data for the purpose of advertising directly on its own behalf, and that it does not transfer the data to third parties.
As a subscribed member to our newsletter, you may be taken to the MailChimp website in certain cases, for example if you click on the link in the newsletter to download the newsletter directly because it is not displaying properly in your email client. The MailChimp website may use additional analytics services and cookies to process your personal data. We have no influence over processing of this kind.
MailChimp is certified in accordance with the US-EU
Privacy Shield
agreement, and has therefore undertaken to comply with the European Union's data protection regulations. Further details can be obtained by visiting the MailChimp website at:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
.
Application process
We are delighted that you have taken an interest in us and are applying for or have applied for a position in our company. We would like to provide you with information about how your personal data is processed in connection with the application. We process the data that is necessary for the online application process (name, email address and location) as well as data that you have provided to us in connection with your application in order to assess your suitability for the position (or other vacancies within our company, where applicable) and to carry out the application process.
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data in the context of this application process is primarily Section 26 of the German Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz — BDSG) in the version valid as of 25/05/2018. In accordance with this law, the processing of data is permitted where required in connection with the decision-making process for determining whether to establish an employment relationship. Should the data be required in connection with legal action following completion of the application process, data processing may take place on the basis of the requirements set out in Art. 6 GDPR, in particular for the purposes of legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. In this case, our interest lies in the establishment or defence of claims.
Applicant data is deleted after six months in the event of rejection. If you have consented to the further retention of your personal data, we will include your data in our applicant pool. In this case, the data is deleted after two years. If you are offered a job during the application process, the data is transferred from the applicant data system to our personnel information system.
We use a specialist software provider for the application process. This software provider acts as a service provider for us and may gain knowledge of your personal data in connection with the maintenance and care of the systems. We have concluded a commissioned processing contract with this provider, which ensures that data processing takes place in a permissible manner.
Your applicant data is reviewed by the HR department following receipt of your application. Suitable applications are then forwarded internally to the department managers responsible for the relevant vacancy. The subsequent process is then determined. Within the company, only the individuals who require access to your data in order to properly carry out our application process have access to your data as a general rule.
You may object to the processing of your data at any time. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR).
A right to object exists in particular if the processing is not required in order to perform a contract with you, which is outlined by us in the previous description of functions. In the event of a justified objection on your part, we will examine the situation and either stop or modify the data processing or demonstrate to you our compelling legitimate grounds for continuing the processing.
Payment service providers (PSP)
Adyen
The payment service provider Adyen (Adyen B.V., Simon Carmiggelstraat 5-60, 1011 DJ Amsterdam, the Netherlands, hereinafter "Adyen") is available to you as a payment method. Your data is sent to Adyen, and Adyen may then carry out an identity and credit check using the data you have provided (name, address, account number, sort code, credit card number where applicable, invoice amount, currency and transaction number). Details are provided in the information displayed to you during our booking process. The legal basis for the processing for the purposes of processing payments is Art. 6(1)(1)(b) GDPR.
With regard to the identity and credit check performed based on your data, we and Adyen have a legitimate interest in the transfer of the personal data of the user concerned. We and Adyen require this transfer in order to obtain information from credit agencies for the purposes of the identity and credit check (Art. 6(1)(1)(f) GDPR). We delete the data collected during this process once it no longer needs to be retained, or restrict processing if statutory retention periods apply.
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR). However, Adyen remains entitled to process and transfer the customer data if this is necessary for the contractual processing of payments or this is required by law, a government authority or a court. Adyen can be contacted at:
https://www.adyen.com/de_DE/kontakt
Further information on Adyen's data protection principles is available at:
https://www.adyen.com/de_DE/richtlinien-und-haftungsausschluss/privacy-policy
Datatrans PCI Proxy
The payment service provider Datatrans (Datatrans AG, Kreuzbühlstrasse 26, 8008 Zurich, Switzerland, hereinafter "Datatrans") is also available to you as a payment method. Your data is sent to Datatrans, and Datatrans may then carry out an identity and credit check using the data you have provided (name, address, account number, sort code, credit card number where applicable, invoice amount, currency and transaction number) under certain circumstances. Details are provided in the information displayed to you during our booking process. The legal basis for the processing for the purposes of processing payments is Art. 6(1)(1)(b) GDPR.
The data that you provide is automatically replaced by reference numbers (tokens) so neither we nor the destination you have booked have access to your payment data, which ensures a high level of security during payment processing. We do not know the retention period employed at Datatrans.
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR). However, Datatrans remains entitled to process and transfer the customer data if this is necessary for the contractual processing of payments or this is required by law, a government authority or a court. Datatrans can be contacted at:
https://www.datatrans.ch/en/contact
.
Further information on Datatrans' data protection principles is available at:
https://www.datatrans.ch/en/data-privacy
.
Hosting
External hosting companies provide the following services on our behalf: infrastructure and platform services, computing capacity, memory resources and database services, security and technical maintenance services. All of the data necessary to operate and use our website are processed in this connection.
We use external hosting services in order to operate this website, and in order to guarantee efficient and secure delivery of our website. The legal basis for processing of this kind is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
In order for us to operate our website, it is absolutely vital for us to collect data on the provision and use of the website and for these data to be processed by external web hosting companies. You have the right to object to processing of this kind. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]). In the event that your objection is legitimate, we will review the situation and either stop processing the data, change how we process the data or notify you if there are compelling legitimate grounds for us to continue processing the data.
In the event that your objection is legitimate, we will review the situation and either stop processing the data, change how we process the data or notify you if there are compelling legitimate grounds for us to continue processing the data.
Integration of third-party content
Third-party content (such as videos, maps, RSS feeds and graphics from other websites) is integrated into the website. The providers of this content ("third parties") require access to our users' IP addresses in order to send the content to their browsers. The IP address is therefore required to display this content.
We endeavour to use content of this kind only if the third party in question processes the IP address solely for the purpose of delivering the content. However we do not have any control over decisions by these third parties regarding their use of IP addresses, e.g. for statistical purposes. Any relevant information available to us will be provided below.
Some of the third parties may process data outside the European Union.
You can exercise your right to object by installing a JavaScript blocker such as the browser plug-in "NoScript" (
www.noscript.net
) or disabling JavaScript in your browser. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]). This may restrict the functionality of the website.
Google Web Fonts
We use Web Fonts, which are provided by Google, to ensure the uniform presentation of fonts. When accessing a page, your browser loads the required Web Fonts in your browser cache in order to correctly display text and fonts.
To do this, your browser must establish a connection with the Google servers. Through this connection, Google receives the information that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used in the interests of ensuring the uniform, attractive presentation of our website. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6(1)(1)(f)
GDPR. We have no knowledge of or influence over the retention period at Google.
You may object to the processing by changing the browser settings so that the browser does not support Web Fonts. However, if you do this, your computer will use a standard font. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR). In the event of a justified objection on your part, we will examine the situation and either stop or modify the data processing or demonstrate to you our compelling legitimate grounds for continuing the processing.
Further information on Google Web Fonts is available at
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
and in Google's privacy policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
Google Maps
This website also uses the "Google Maps" service provided by Google to display maps or segments of maps, providing you with convenient access to the website's map function.
Google is told when you visit the relevant sub-pages of our website. The data
referred to in the section above entitled "Access data" are also transferred to Google
. These transfers take place regardless of whether you have a Google account and are logged into this account. If you are logged into a Google account, your data will be directly associated with your account. If you do not want this to happen, you must log out before clicking on the button.
Google stores your data as usage profiles and processes them for the purpose of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. In particular, data of this kind (even from users who are not logged in) are evaluated for the purpose of providing tailored advertising and informing other social network users about your activities on our website.
The legal basis for processing of this kind is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Its purpose is to make our website more user-friendly and to improve the service we provide to you. We do not know and cannot influence the length of time for which these data are stored by Google.
Further information on the purpose and scope of data processing by the plug-in provider can be obtained by consulting its data protection policies. These policies also contain further information on your rights and the settings you can change to protect your privacy:
http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
. Google processes your personal data in the USA and has signed up to the EU-US Privacy Shield,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
.
Further information on the terms and conditions of Google Maps can be found at
https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/help/terms_maps.html
.
If you wish to object to your data being processed in this way, you must contact Google in order to exercise your right to do so.
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]). You can disable or restrict the transfer of cookies by changing the settings in your web browser. Cookies which have previously been stored can be deleted at any time. You can also arrange for this to take place automatically. If you disable the use of cookies on our website, it may no longer be fully functional.
Statistical, analytics and marketing services
We use third-party statistical, analytics and marketing services. This allows us to optimise our website and ensure that it is user-friendly. The third parties use cookies to deliver their services (see the section above entitled "Cookies"). Unless otherwise indicated below, your personal data will not be processed.
Some of the third parties allow you to object directly to use of the relevant service, e.g. by setting an opt-out cookie.
If you choose to do so, the external provider will no longer process data on your usage behaviour in future. It is also possible to object selectively to individual external services. If you change browser or end device or delete all your cookies, you must set the opt-out cookie again. You can also exercise your right to object directly to the use of cookies via the opt-out platform operated by Bundesverband Digitale Wirtschaft e.V. (BVDW) at
http://www.meine-cookies.org/cookies_verwalten/praeferenzmanager.html
or the opt-out page operated by the Network Advertising Initiative at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]). Further information on usage-based advertising and ways of opting out can be found at: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
The external services currently deployed on our website are explained below, together with details of the purpose for which they process data and the scope of this processing, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, to tailor our website to your interests. Google Analytics uses cookies (see the section above entitled "Cookies") which are stored on your computer and make it possible to analyse your use of the website. The website usage data generated in this way are transferred to a Google server in the USA and processed there.
If IP anonymisation is enabled for this website, your IP address will first be shortened by Google if you are located within an EU Member State or another contracting party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. In exceptional cases only, the full IP address will be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Google uses these data on our behalf to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports for us on website activity, and to provide us with additional services relating to website and Internet use.
The IP address transferred by your browser in connection with the Google Analytics service is not combined by Google with any other data.
This website uses the Google Analytics extension "_anonymizeIp()". This ensures that IP addresses are shortened before further processing, and rules out the possibility of individuals being identified. Any data collected about you which may be identifying (personal data) are therefore excluded/erased immediately.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website and improve it on a regular basis. We use the statistics supplied on this basis to optimise our website and make it more interesting for you. In the exceptional event that personal data are transferred to the USA, Google has signed up to the EU-US Privacy Shield,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
. The legal basis for the processing of data by Google Analytics is Article
6
(1)
(f) GDPR.
Google Analytics cookies are erased after a period of no more than 14 months.
You have the right to object to your personal data being processed in this way. You can prevent cookies being stored by changing the settings of your browser software; if you do so, however, the website may no longer be fully functional. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]). You can also prevent Google collecting and processing any data generated by cookies in relation to your usage of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
Further information on the third-party provider Google can be found at:
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html
,
http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html
,
http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
.
Matomo (formerly Piwik)
We use the web analytics service Matomo
, open-source software for the statistical analysis of visitor access
, to analyse and regularly improve use of the website. The statistics enable us to improve our website and make it more interesting for you.
The legal basis for the use of Matomo is Art.
6
(
1
)(1)(f) GDPR. Matomo
uses cookies (see "Cookies" section above).
We process the information solely on servers within the European Union. This website uses Matomo with the "AnonymizeIP" extension. This means that IP addresses are truncated before being processed further, so it is not possible for IP addresses to be linked directly to an individual. The IP address transmitted by your browser via Matomo is not combined with other data that we have collected.
We have no knowledge of or influence over the retention period at Matomo.
Information provided by the third-party provider on data protection is available at:
https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/
.
You have the right to object to the processing. You can prevent the analysis from being carried out using Matomo by deleting any existing cookies and disabling the storage of cookies in your browser. If you do this, you may not be able to use the website to its fullest extent.
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR).
If you wish to prevent the further capture of your usage behaviour, you can exercise your right to object by clicking on the opt-out button at the following link:
https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/
.
Hotjar
We also use the Hotjar analytics service to improve our website and make it more user-friendly. This analytics service is provided by Hotjar Ltd, Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta, Europe, +1 (855) 464-6788,
david@hotjar.com
)
The Hotjar tool detects movement on specific webpages using "heatmaps". None of the data collected in this connection can be assigned to individual users. It simply helps us to understand how users move around the screen, where they click and how far down they scroll. This helps us to improve our website and make it more user-friendly. Other data which are collected include the device type and screen size, the browser, the country of the user and the preferred language. Any personal data displayed on a website are automatically hidden by Hotjar. We cannot therefore access these data.
Hotjar uses cookies (see the section above entitled "Cookies") to analyse your usage behaviour; these cookies are stored on your computer and make it possible to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by the tracking code and cookie about your visit to our website is transferred to the Hotjar servers and stored there. The tracking code is used to collect data about your end device such as IP address, device type, browser, geographical location (country only), preferred language for viewing our website, pages visited and date and time of visit. Hotjar shortens your IP address before these data are processed. Any data collected about you which may be identifying (personal data) are therefore excluded/erased immediately.
Hotjar uses these data to evaluate your use of our website, to produce usage reports and to provide other services relating to usage and evaluation of the website. When providing its own services, Hotjar also uses services provided by third parties such as Google Analytics and Optimizely. These third-party companies may store information that your browser transfers in connection with a visit to our website, such as cookies or IP requests. For further information on how Google Analytics and Optimizely store and use data, please consult their data protection policies.
The legal basis for processing of this kind is Article
6
(1)
(f) GDPR.
The cookies set by Hotjar are stored for varying lengths of time. Some are stored for up to 365 days, whereas others remain valid only during the current visit. More detailed information can be found at:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/cookie-information
. Further information on Hotjar Ltd. and the Hotjar tool can be found at:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy
.
You can object to the processing of your data in this way as follows:
• by activating the "do not track" function in your browser software (supported by Hotjar). Instructions on how to activate the "do not track" function can be found at: https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out
• by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser software (in particular by disabling third-party cookies, which means that you will no longer be shown advertisements from third-party providers), or
• by disabling personalised advertisements from advertisers which belong to the self-regulatory programme "About Ads"; for further information, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices (this setting is lost if you delete your cookies)
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]).
Usage-based online advertising
Facebook Custom Audiences
The website also uses the "Website Custom Audiences" function and the "Facebook pixel" provided by
Facebook Inc. (Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland, email:
impressum-support@support.facebook.com
, data protection policy at:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
; hereinafter: "Facebook").
This allows website users to see personalised advertisements ("Facebook ads") when visiting Facebook's social networking site or other websites which also display these advertisements. Our aim in using this function is to show you relevant advertisements in order to make our website more interesting.
The marketing tools deployed mean that your browser will automatically establish a direct connection with the Facebook server. We have no influence over the scope of the data collected by Facebook via this tool or the way in which they are processed. According to the information at our disposal; integration of Facebook Custom Audiences means that Facebook is told whenever you visit our website or click on one of our advertisements. If you are registered with a Facebook service, Facebook may be able to associate the visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Facebook or are not logged in, it is possible that Facebook may detect and store your IP address and other identifying features.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is Article
6
(1)
(f) GDPR.
We do not store any of your personal data in such cases. We do not know and cannot influence the length of time for which these data are stored by Facebook.
Logged-in users can exercise their right to object and disable the "Facebook Custom Audiences" function by visiting
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#_
.
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]). You can opt out of "Facebook Custom Audiences" and thereby exercise your right to object as follows:
• by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser software (in particular if you disable third-party cookies, which means that you will no longer be shown advertisements from third-party providers);
• by disabling personalised advertisements from advertisers which belong to the self-regulatory programme "About Ads"; for further information, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices (this setting is lost if you delete your cookies).
Further information on the processing of data by Facebook can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
Facebook Analytics
Our website uses Facebook Analytics and the "tracking pixel" of Facebook Inc.
(Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland, email:
impressum-support@support.facebook.com
, data protection policy at:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
; hereinafter: "Facebook")
to track your user behaviour. The information obtained via the tracking pixel cookie is anonymised by Facebook before being transferred to us, and provides no information on a user's identity; we use this information for statistical purposes alone. In accordance with Facebook's data protection policies, however, this information is associated with your Facebook account, stored and used by Facebook for its own advertising purposes; this may include transferring your data to Facebook's partners. Even if you are not registered with Facebook or are not logged in, it is possible that Facebook may detect and store your IP address and other identifying features.
Your data are processed on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR in such cases.
Our aim in using Facebook Analytics is to evaluate our web-based activities more accurately and improve the service we provide.
We do not store any of your personal data in such cases. We do not know and cannot influence the length of time for which these data are stored by Facebook.
Logged-in users can exercise their right to object and disable the "Facebook Analytics" function by visiting
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#_
.
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) of the General Data Protection Regulation [GDPR]). You can opt out of "Facebook Analytics" and thereby exercise your right to object as follows:
• by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser software (in particular by disabling third-party cookies, which means that you will no longer be shown advertisements from third-party providers).
• by disabling personalised advertisements from advertisers which belong to the self-regulatory programme "About Ads"; for further information, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices (this setting is lost if you delete your cookies).
More information on Facebook's data protection policies can be found at
https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
Google AdSense
The website uses the online advertising service Google AdSense provided by Google, which enables adverts tailored to your interests to be displayed to you. In doing so, we are pursuing an interest in displaying adverts that may be of interest to you in order to make our website more interesting for you. For this purpose, statistical information is collected about you, which is then processed by our advertising partners. These adverts can be identified by the "Ads by Google" label in the relevant advert.
By visiting the website, Google receives the information that you have accessed our website. For this purpose, Google uses a web beacon to set a cookie on your computer. The data specified in the "Access data" section is transmitted. We do not have any influence over the data collected, nor do we know the full scope of the data processing or the retention period. Your data is sent to the USA, where it is processed. If you are logged into your Google account, your data may be linked directly to your account. If you do not want the data to be linked to your Google profile, you will need to log out. This data concerning contractual partners of Google may be passed on to third parties and authorities. The legal basis for the processing of your data is Art.
6
(
1
)(1)(f) GDPR.
We have no knowledge of or influence over the retention period at Google.
This website also displays adverts from third-party providers via Google AdSense.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data.
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR).
You can prevent the installation of cookies by Google AdSense by taking the following measures:
· By configuring your browser software accordingly; in particular, suppressing third-party cookies means that you will not see any adverts from third parties
· By disabling interest-related adverts on Google via
http://www.google.co.uk/ads/preferences
; this setting is undone if you delete your cookies
· By disabling interest-related adverts from providers who are part of the "About Ads" self-regulation campaign via
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; this setting is undone if you delete your cookies
By permanently disabling cookies in your Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome browser via
http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
. Please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the functions on this website to their fullest extent.
Further information on the purpose and scope of the processing and on your related rights and setting options to protect your privacy can be found at:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
.
Google has joined the EU-US Privacy Shield,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
.
Google AdWords Conversion
We use the Google Adwords service provided by Google to alert users of external websites to products and services in our range that may interest them using advertisements ("Google AdWords"). The data we are provided with in relation to these advertising campaigns allow us to gauge how successful they have been. Our aim is to show you relevant advertisements in order to make our website more interesting and ensure that advertising costs are calculated fairly.
These advertisements are supplied by Google via the company's "Ad Server". We also use Ad Server cookies which track certain metrics such as the number of advertisements displayed or the number of user clicks. If you reach our website via a Google ad, Google AdWords stores a cookie on your PC. These cookies typically become invalid after 30 days and are not designed to be used to identify you individually. As a general rule, the analytical values stored by these cookies include a unique cookie ID, the number of ad impressions per placement (frequency), the last impression (relevant for post-view conversions) and opt-out information (indication that the user no longer wishes to see these advertisements).
These cookies allow Google to recognise your web browser. If a user visits certain pages on an AdWords advertiser's website and the cookie stored on his or her computer has not yet expired, Google and the advertiser will be told that the user has clicked on the advertisement and been taken to this website. Each Adwords advertiser is assigned a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be tracked via the websites of AdWords customers. We do not process any personal data in connection with the advertising measures referred to above. Google only provides us with statistical evaluations. We can use these evaluations to identify which advertising measures are most effective. We are not provided with any additional data in connection with these advertisements; in particular, we cannot use the information to identify users.
The marketing tools deployed mean that your browser will automatically establish a direct connection with the Google server. We have no influence over the scope of the data collected by Google via this tool or the way in which they are processed. According to the information at our disposal: integration of AdWords Conversion means that Google is told whenever you visit our website or click on one of our advertisements. If you are registered with a Google service, Google may be able to associate the visit with your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or are not logged in, it is possible that Google may detect and store your IP address. Google processes data in the USA and has signed up to the EU-US Privacy Shield,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is Article
6
(1)
(f)
GDPR
.
We do not know and cannot influence the length of time for which these data are stored by Google.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data.
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR).
You can opt out of this tracking as follows:
• by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser software (in particular if you disable third-party cookies, which means that you will no longer be shown advertisements from third-party providers);
• by disabling cookies for conversion tracking; this can be achieved by changing the settings in your browser to ensure that cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com" are blocked, https://www.google.de/settings/ads (this setting is lost if you delete your cookies);
• by disabling personalised advertisements from advertisers which belong to the self-regulatory programme "About Ads"; for further information, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices (this setting is lost if you delete your cookies);
• by permanently disabling the feature in a Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome browser; for further information, visit http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. If you do so, our website may no longer be fully functional.
For further information about Google's data protection policies, visit:
http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy
and
https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html
. Alternatively, you can visit the website of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at http://www.networkadvertising.org.
Google Remarketing
As well as Adwords Conversion, our website also uses Google Remarketing. This application helps us to get in touch with you again. It means that we can display our advertisements to you on other websites after you have left our website. This is achieved by means of cookies stored in your browser which allow Google to detect and evaluate user behaviour as you visit different websites. Google can detect previous visits to our website. According to Google, it does not combine the data it collects through the Google Remarketing application with any other personal data it processes. In particular, it uses pseudonymisation for any data it collects through this application.
The legal basis for processing of this kind is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We do not know and cannot influence the length of time for which these data are stored by Google.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data.
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR).
You can opt out of this tracking and thereby exercise your right to object as follows:
• by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser software (in particular if you disable third-party cookies, which means that you will no longer be shown advertisements from third-party providers);
• by disabling cookies for conversion tracking; this can be achieved by changing the settings in your browser to ensure that cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com" are blocked, https://www.google.de/settings/ads (this setting is lost if you delete your cookies);
• by disabling personalised advertisements from advertisers which belong to the self-regulatory programme "About Ads"; for further information, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices (this setting is lost if you delete your cookies);
• by permanently disabling ads in a Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome browser; for further information, visit http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin.
Intent Media
We use the Intent Media service provided by Intent Media, Inc., Privacy Department, 315 Hudson Street, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10013, USA on our website to display interest-related offers and adverts to visitors to our website.
For this purpose, Intent Media collects personal data on the usage behaviour of visitors to our website, such as the type of browser used, the internet service provider used, IP address, date/time of access and number of clicks. Further information is available at: http://intentmedia.com/privacy-policy/.
The legal basis for the cooperation with Intent Media Inc. is Art.
6
(
1
)(1)(f) GDPR.
We have no knowledge of or influence over the retention period at
Intent Media
.
Intent Media is certified under the US-EU data protection agreement,
Privacy Shield
, and is thus committed to complying with the data protection requirements of the European Union. Further information can be found in Intent Media's privacy policy:
https://intentmedia.com/privacy-policy/
If you do not wish to participate in the Intent Media Inc. service, you can opt out with future effect by going to
http://intentmedia.com/opt-out/
and setting an opt-out cookie by clicking on the hyperlink on the Intent Media Inc. opt-out information page.
Alternatively, you can disable the use of cookies by third-party providers by going to the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
or youronlinechoices.eu and following the opt-out information provided there.
Bing Ads
We use the conversion and tracking tool Bing Ads provided by the Microsoft Corporation (One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, "Microsoft") on our website.
For this tool, Microsoft stores a cookie on the user's computer to enable the use of our website to be analysed. In order for this to happen, the user must have reached our website via a Microsoft Bing Ads advert. We and Microsoft can thus determine that someone has clicked on an advert, been forwarded to our website and reached a pre-determined target page. During this process, we only learn the total number of users who have clicked on a Bing advert and then been forwarded to the target page (conversions). No IP addresses are stored.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with the Microsoft server. We have no influence over the scope and further processing of data that is instigated through the use of Bing Ads. Microsoft has joined the EU-US Privacy Shield (
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
) and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection law.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is Art.
6
(
1
)(1)(f) GDPR
. We have no knowledge of or influence over the retention period at Microsoft. Further information on data protection at Microsoft is available at:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement
.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data.
You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR).
You can opt out of the processing in a number of ways:
· By configuring your browser software accordingly; in particular, suppressing third-party cookies means that you will not see any adverts from third parties or
By disabling interest-related adverts from providers who are part of the "About Ads" self-regulation campaign via
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; this setting is undone if you delete your cookies.
Social network plug-ins
Social network plug-ins are integrated on our website. These are provided by the following providers:
· Facebook (
provider is Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland, email:
impressum-support@support.facebook.com
, privacy policy at:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
;
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other#applications
and
http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info#everyoneinfo
. Facebook has joined the EU-US Privacy Shield,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
; hereinafter: "Facebook")
Google (see definitions,
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
. Google has joined the EU-US Privacy Shield,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
)
· Instagram (provider is Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA (privacy policy at:
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
)
· Twitter (provider is Twitter Inc.,795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (
https://twitter.com/privacy
. Twitter has joined the EU-US Privacy Shield,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
)
· Github Inc., 88 Colin P Kelly Jr St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (
https://help.github.com/articles/github-privacy-statement/
). Github has joined the EU-US Privacy Shield,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
).
The plug-ins can be identified on our website by the above-mentioned names or by small stylised icons.
We provide you with the option of communicating directly with the plug-in provider via the button. The plug-in provider will only receive the information that you have accessed the relevant page on our website if you click on the marked field, thus activating it. The data
specified in the "Access data" section is also transmitted.
In the case of Facebook and Xing, the IP address is anonymised immediately after it is collected in Germany according to information supplied by the relevant providers. Through the activation of the plug-in, your personal data is thus sent to the relevant plug-in provider and processed there (in the case of US providers, in the USA). Since the plug-in providers collect data using cookies in particular, we recommend deleting all cookies via your browser security settings before clicking on the greyed-out box.
We do not have any influence over the data collected or the processing operations, nor do we know the full scope of the data processing, the purposes of processing or the retention periods. We also do not have any information regarding the deletion of collected data by the plug-in providers.
The plug-in providers store the data collected concerning you as user profiles and process these profiles for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or ensuring that their website is designed in accordance with requirements. Such analysis is carried out in particular (including for users who are not logged in) to display appropriate advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website.
The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is Art.
6
(
1
)(1)(f) GDPR. Through the plug-ins, we offer you the chance to interact with the social networks and other users so that we can improve our website and make it more interesting for you as a user.
You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles. To exercise this right, you must contact the relevant plug-in provider. You have a right to object on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless we can provide proof of compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims (Art. 21(1) GDPR).
You can also prevent the creation of user profiles in various ways and thus exercise your right to object:
· By configuring your browser software accordingly; in particular, suppressing third-party cookies means that you will not see any adverts from third parties
By disabling interest-related adverts from providers who are part of the "About Ads" self-regulation campaign via
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; this setting is undone if you delete your cookies.
The data transfer takes place irrespective of whether you have an account with the plug-in provider and are logged into that account. If you are logged into your account with the plug-in provider, the data concerning you that is collected via our website is linked directly to your account with the plug-in provider. If you click on the activated button and e.g. link the page, the plug-in provider also stores this information in your user account and shares it publicly with your contacts.
We recommend regularly logging out after using a social network, in particular however before activating the button, to avoid this information being linked to your profile with the plug-in provider.
Your search engine
for vacation rentals
Product
Help
App
Company
About us
Magazine
List your properties
Careers
Press
App
English (US)
Deutsch
Deutsch (AT)
Deutsch (CH)
English (US)
English (UK)
English (IE)
English (CA)
English (AU)
English (NZ)
Français
Français (BE)
Nederlands
Español
Dansk
Italiano
Svenska
Norsk
Polski
Português (PT)
Português (BR)
Español (MX)
Ελληνικά
English (US)
Sitemap:
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z
Compare millions of vacation rentals instantly
Search hundreds of booking websites
Save up to 55%
Book with the best vacation rental search engine globally
© 2014 —
2023
by
holidu.com
Imprint
GTC
Privacy policy