Taboola Privacy Policy - Start Magazine | Taboola.com
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms of Use
Terms of Service
Terms and Conditions
Vulnerability Disclosure Policy
Taboola Privacy Policy - Start Magazine
Last Update:
May 17th, 2018
Thank you for using Start!
Taboola Ltd. (“
Taboola
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) is committed to the users’ privacy. This privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) describes how we collect, use and share your information, including any information that may personally identify you (“
Personal Information
”), in connection with the use of our Start application (“
Start
”).
Please read our Privacy Policy carefully before installing or using Start. By downloading or using Start, you indicate that you have read and understood how we collect, use and disclose your information, including Personal Information, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please remove or disable Start.
This Privacy Policy forms a part of the Terms of Use, available here –
https://www.taboola.com/policies/taboola-terms-of-use-start-magazine
(“
Terms
”), and is incorporated thereto by reference, along with such other policies of which you may be notified of by us from time to time. The definitions in our Terms apply to this Privacy Policy unless stated otherwise. To learn about our privacy practices in relation to the Magazine SDK, please visit here
https://www.taboola.com/policies/privacy-policy-start-magazine
.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
We currently do not require you to actively provide any Personal Information in order to install or access Start. However, certain features of Start may require you to submit Personal Information, as explained below.
We collect the following types of information:
Device information
– we automatically record and collect certain information from or about your device, such as your device’s type and model, mobile device ID, language preferences, time zone, the device’s operating system, mobile carrier and internet service provider information, network connection type, mobile browsers installed on the device, hardware information, running and installed apps on your device, your device’s approximate location, your device’s IP address, GCM Registration ID, and unique device identifiers assigned to your device (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer). We also automatically record your Android Advertising ID (if available), for advertising and analytics purposes. The Android Advertising ID is an anonymous identifier, provided by Google Play services. By downloading or using Start, you explicitly agree that we may associate your Advertising ID with your applicable persistent device identifier. This will facilitate our ability to improve your personalized experience. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we will use other persistent identifiers.
App information, browsing history and search logs
– when using Start, we may collect certain app information, including app history and usage information, information regarding downloads and installations of mobile applications and any information regarding in-app events, internet domains visited in Start, the duration of your visits and actions in these visits (such as clicks on certain items or products), your browsing history, browser and system settings, dates and time-stamps, and specific details of use of Start. In addition, certain features of Start allow you to search for content. Your depersonalized search logs may be stored locally on your device, and may be stored by our search service providers as well. We and our partners use this information to offer you relevant content, such as customized search results or tailored advertising. You may at any time delete your local search logs through the relevant settings.
Location information
– we collect information about your general location (such as city and country). For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location. This information does not tell us where your device is precisely located. This information is sent as a normal part of internet traffic. In addition, we also collect implicit location information, which allows us to infer that you are either interested in a place or that you might be at the place – this information does not actually tell us where your device is precisely located. In addition, we also collect the precise location of your device (using GPS signals, device sensors, Wi-Fi access points and cell tower ids that can be used to derive or estimate precise location, or other geo-location data), when location services have been enabled by the user.
Information we receive from our partners
and other third parties
– we collect information we receive from our partners, such as our analytics vendors or marketing partners, which we work with to help us improve our services and personalize your experience on Start.
Information you directly volunteer to us
– to use certain features of Start, you may be asked to provide your personal information, such as your name, mobile number, email address, user-name, password and other registration information as well as age, gender, interests and other information. In addition, when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use purchasable applications from us, you may be asked to submit transaction-related information (such as billing information). Further, when you contact us for support, feedbacks or questions, you may provide us with additional information. At all times, you may choose whether or not to provide such information, however, please note that if you decide not to provide such information, certain features of Start may not be enabled or may not function properly.
Contact Information
– we may also ask your permission to access your contact list, for the purpose of using our Caller-ID feature (see below). This information will not be transmitted outside your device.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
To improve and personalize Start
– we use the information to improve and personalize your experience on Start, and to identify and authenticate your access to certain features of Start. In addition, we will use your information to provide targeted and customized content, such as interest-based ads, that enrich your experience and provide you with a personalized service, as well as enhanced services that are location-based or context-based, and to provide a superior user experience of Start.
Surveys and research
– from time to time, we conduct surveys or test features in Start, and analyze the information we have to develop, evaluate and improve these features.
To communicate with you
– for example, we will use your email address to respond to your queries or feedback and to keep you informed of Taboola’s latest product announcements and software updates.
Sweepstakes, contest and promotions
– if you enter into a sweepstakes, contest or similar promotion, we may use the information you provided us to administer those programs, subject to applicable laws and regulations.
Caller ID and call management
– to provide you with Caller ID and call management functionality, we may also use information associated with you, such as your contact information, to display the names related to a certain telephone number, or to provide you with call management features (such as adding a note after a call or creating a new contact). Note that we will not transmit your contacts outside your device.
Direct marketing
– we may use your phone number and email address to send you marketing information about products, services and offers, whether by us or by our trusted partners, which may be of relevance to you, but only as permitted by law or specifically approved by you. If you do not want to receive any more communications from us, please follow the unsubscribing instructions contained in the email, or send an email to
privacy@taboola.com
. Please note that unsubscribing from promotional emails will not affect our ability to send you non-promotional emails in the future.
Enforcement and security
– we also use your information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our policies (including our Terms and Privacy Policy), including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; or (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of Taboola, our users, yourself or any third party.
Use of Anonymous Information
– we store, use or share Anonymous Information (meaning, information which does not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated or anonymous information) in any of the above circumstances, as well as for the purpose of providing and improving our services, aggregate statistics, advertising purposes, conduct business and marketing analysis. We may enable trusted third parties (such as ad servers) to collect Anonymous Information, by deploying certain tracking technologies within Start, including, but not limited to, for these purposes. The use of these technologies is subject to such third parties’ own privacy policies.
HOW WE COLLECT THE INFORMATION
?
As explained above, you may either volunteer to us certain information (such as your email address), or we may automatically collect certain information, such as through the use of your mobile device system’s permissions. In addition, when you download or access Start, we automatically collect certain information by using (and authorizing third parties to use) web beacons, cookies, pixel tags, scripts, tags and other technologies (“
Tracking Technologies
“).
The Tracking Technologies allow us to automatically collect information about you and your online behavior, as well as your device, in order to enhance your navigation on Start, improve Start’s performance and customize your experience on Start. We also use this information to collect statistics about the usage of Start, perform analytics, deliver content which is tailored to your interests and administer services to our Users, advertisers, publishers, customers and partners.
Please note that to serve personalized content and ads we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies, such as by linking the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
In some of our messages, we may also use a “click-through URL” linked to information and content. When you click on such links, they may pass through a third party web server before arriving at the destination page on Start or on one of our partners’ websites. Taboola or its trusted partners may track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics, measure the effectiveness and performance of our customer communications and promotions.
We also allow third parties to collect information about you through the Tracking Technologies. To learn more about how we use the Tracking Technologies please visit our Cookie Policy
https://www.thestartmagazine.com/legal/cookie-policy.html
.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION?
We share information about you with:
With our service providers
– we share your information with our service providers and subcontractors who assist us with our business operations (as listed above), such as for the purpose of storing the information, performing research, technical diagnostics, analytics or statistical purposes, or other business operations. Our trusted partners also assist us with personalizing your experience and presenting to you targeted advertisements. These third parties (such as advertisers, marketing affiliates, ad agencies and ad servers) use cookies, clear gifs or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help track, measure and research the advertisements’ performance and effectiveness, as well as for other purposes, such as analytics and statistics.
With our subsidiaries or in connection with a sale of our business
– if a third party acquires some or all of our business or assets,  Or on the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve the right to transfer or assign information in connection with the foregoing events. In the event of the above, our affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
In connection with legal proceedings
– when we are under a legal obligation to do so, for example to comply with a binding order of a court, or where disclosure is necessary to exercise our or our partners’ legal rights.
In addition, we may disclose aggregated, anonymized information with other third parties. This information cannot be used to identify you.
We share your information that we collect (including your Personal Information, and information collected through Tracking Technologies) for the purposes listed above with our affiliates, partners and other trusted businesses and individuals that provide us, or to which we provide a variety of services, such as publishers and advertisers that work with us, developers and service providers who process such information for us, so they can help us provide and improve our services. By accessing Start, you acknowledge and agree that these trusted third parties are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these services. We may also share non-Personal Information with our partners, publishers and advertisers, for advertising purposes.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We may transfer the information we collect about you to countries other than the country where we originally collected it for the purposes of storage and processing of information and operating our services. Those countries may not have the same information protection laws as your country. However, when we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy and take steps, where necessary, to ensure that international transfers comply with applicable laws.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you reside in the EU or in a jurisdiction that affords you with the below rights, you may contact us at any time by email at
privacy@taboola.com
, and request:
To access any Personal Information relating to you, including receiving supplementary information regarding such use;
To change or update any Personal Information relating to you (for example, if you believe that your Personal Information is incorrect, you may ask to have it corrected or deleted). Note that you may also request that we will correct errors with regard to your Personal Information (except in cases where the information is required to be kept in its original format under any applicable laws and regulations);
To delete your Personal Information;
That we will restrict or cease any further use of your Personal Information;
That we will provide the Personal Information you volunteered to us in a machine-readable format.
To withdraw your consent for any processing activities that relied on your consent.
Your email should include adequate details of your request and you may be further requested to provide additional details in order to authenticate your identity and thereby accommodate your requests.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and requests are subject to any applicable legal requirements. We may also rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion, in accordance with our internal policies.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will retain your Personal Information provided that retaining such information is necessary for our legitimate interests, such as for marketing purposes, fraud prevention and record keeping.
If for any reason you wish to delete your Personal Information, please send us an e-mail to:
privacy@taboola.com
, and we will make reasonable efforts to address your request.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
You can turn off certain third party cookies for advertising purposes by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
.
To opt out of interest-based ads in apps on Android devices which make available the Android Advertising ID, please follow the following instructions:
For Android devices with OS 2.2 and up and Google Play Services version 4.0 and up, you can opt-out of “Interest Based Ads” through your device setting (open your Google Settings app > Ads > Enable “Opt out of interest-based advertising”).
If you’ve turned on Opt out of interest-based ads on your Android device, you can restore interest-based ads by turning the settings off. When you opt out, you may still see the same number of ads on your mobile device; however, these ads may be less relevant because they won’t be based on your interests. Note that we may continue to serve ads not derived from your interests, such as ads related to the content of the application you are using.
We may engage with third party partners for the purpose of delivering you with interest-based content and advertisements. Our partners may also collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, information about your browser or operating system or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. Some of our partners enable you to opt-out of interest-based advertising, by visiting here:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
or Your Online Choices at:
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
, or by visiting here:
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
INTERACTION WITH THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals whom we do not employ or manage, including any of the third parties to which we may disclose information as set forth in this Privacy Policy (each a
“Third Party Service
“) or Third Party Services you interact with through Start. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Third Party Services. Accordingly, we encourage you to review the conditions of each Third Party Service that you choose to use or interact with.
CHILDREN PRIVACY
Start is not intended for children under the minimum age for providing consent in the jurisdiction they reside in (such as 16 in certain countries in the EU; “
Legal Age
”), and we do not knowingly obtain personal information from children under the Legal Age without parental consent. If we learn that we have collected such information, we will delete it as quickly as possible. If you are aware of any personal information in our possession which may relate to children under the Legal Age, please contact us at:
privacy@taboola.com
.
SECURITY
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards, including the use of appropriate administrative, physical and technical safeguards, to protect the Personal Information submitted to us. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the confidentiality of your personal information. If you have any questions or security concerns, please contact us at
privacy@taboola.com
.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to revise or update this Privacy Policy at any time. We may provide notice of substantial changes of this Privacy Policy on Start. Any material change will be effective five (7) days following posting the revised Privacy Policy (available from Start). The last revision will be reflected in the “Last Updated” heading. Your continued use of Start thereafter means you consent to such changes and your agreement to be bound by them. Please make sure to review our Privacy Policy periodically.
CONTACT US
If you have any other questions or queries about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by email in the following address:
privacy@taboola.com
, or by sending a letter to:
Taboola Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Atrium Tower, Ze’ev Jabotinsky St 2, Ramat Gan, Israel
We will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe. Please feel free to reach out to us at any time. If you are unsatisfied with our response, you can reach out to the applicable data protection supervisory authority.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Modern Slavery Act
Israel Equal Pay Report
Taboola Blog