abisoft - load shedding notifier privacy policy
Load Shedding Notifier privacy policy
When you use apps, you trust the developer with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what
		data is collected by abisoft, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will take time
		to read it carefully.
Personal information
Personal information includes your name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, and similar data.
		Load Shedding Notifier optionally records anonymous location data, in order to assist users with determining the best area to use based on
		their current location. This data is in no way associated with you as a person. You need to enable location data before we can record it.
		You can switch this off at any time from the privacy settings in the app.
Device information
Device information includes your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information,
		and similar data. Load Shedding Notifier stores anonymous device information on a third party server in order to send push notifications to
		your device.
Log information
Load Shedding Notifier does not automatically capture logs from the app. However, in the event of an app crash, you may be prompted to send
		the app logs to Abisoft or a third party. These logs include information about the state of the app at the time of the crash
		and may be used by Abisoft to improve the stability of the app.
Third parties
Load Shedding Notifier makes use of several third party libraries, which may capture additional data through the app. Anonymous data is shared
		with the following third parties:
Google Analytics
The following information is collected by Google for the purpose of analysing user behaviour: Date and time of visit,
		Usage data, Click path, App updates, Browser information, Device information, JavaScript support, Pages visited, Referrer URL,
		Downloads, Flash version, Location information, Purchase activity, Widget interactions, IP address.
More information can be obtained
here
.
Google Admob
Google collects and shares the following data types automatically for advertising, analytics, and fraud prevention purposes:
		Advertising identifier, Ads viewed, Cookie ID, Date and time of visit, Device information, Geographic location, IP address,
		Search terms, Ads shown, Client ID, Impressions, Online identifiers, Browser information.
		The optional advertising identifier is used for ad personalisation.
More information can be obtained
here
.
AdColony Inc.
AdColony collects and shares the following data types automatically for advertising and analytics purposes:
		Advertising identifier, Device information, Operating system information, Geographic location, IP address, Gender, Demographic data.
		The optional advertising identifier is used for ad personalisation.
More information can be obtained
here
.
Huq Industries Limited
The below information is collected on an anonymous basis, and shared with Huq industries Limited for their business purposes, including
		the creation of reports, market research and trend analysis: Operating System, BluetoothName, Carrier Code (Android only), Carrier Name,
		Sim Code, Charging Status, Device Model, Device Manufacturer, Country, Locale, Bundle ID, Date & time, SSID (network), BSSID (network),
		Latitude, Longitude, Accuracy (GPS), Scanned networks.
		Data shared does not contain information from which users can be identified and we will not provide additional information to such third
		parties that enables such third parties to identify you.
More information can be obtained
here
.
Monedata (Data Payments Oü)
Monedata (DATA PAYMENTS OÜ, Lasnamäe linnaosa, Lõõtsa tn 5-11, Tallinn, 11415, Estonia, info@monedata.io)
		This app uses third-party addons that collect varied data, which may include device identifiers, location, mobile network coverage and
		performance, installed apps list and usage stats.
		With the user's consent, this data will be collected and shared with those third-parties for analysis and measurement purposes. The user can change his
		mind at any time by changing the consent.
		To learn more about the data collected and see the list of partners, please visit
Monedata's Partners
section.
More information can be obtained
here
.
Footer
Contact us
Copyright notice
© Copyright 2015-2022 by
abisoft
. All Rights Reserved.