Multi Window : Privacy Policy – mAppsTech
Skip to content
mAppsTech
Menu
Multi Window : Privacy Policy
We mAppsTech operates
https://mappstechblog.wordpress.com/
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Services. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. You are advised to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
General
We will not SHARE OR SELL your personal information to any 3rd party or use We use permission for providing you better services.
Personal Information
When you Open application, we never collect your information for personal use. Its just for providing you services :
SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW : For showing Multi Window tray on home Screen
READ_PHONE_STATE : For checking phone state
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE : For saving Settings in phone memory
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE : For reading Setting from memory
RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED : Multi Window tray auto restart after Restart Device
INTERNET : For Showing Ads
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet,or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Privacy Policy Updates
My Company, mAppstech may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. :
appsbanks@gmail.com
https://mappstechblog.wordpress.com/
Advertisement
Create a website or blog at WordPress.com
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
mAppsTech
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
mAppsTech
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar