Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MagicTranslator privacy
This document ("Privacy Policy") explains the privacy rules applicable to all information collected or submitted when you access, install, or use the magicTranslator Services.
Information in this Privacy Policy is provided in layers, meaning that all information related to our general personal data processing practices is provided here.
Processing of your data
magicTranslator
processes user data to a limited scope – for provision of the Services, processing payments for the Services, as well as the functioning of our websites and mobile applications. We process the following basic information:
Information for creating your account
Email address. If you choose to login to our app, we ask for your email address as part of your registration. It is necessary for establishing a
magicTranslator
account, retrieving a lost password, and purchasing our VIP Services.
Payment related information
Payment data (if using VIP Services). This information is necessary to collect payments for our Services. In addition to the traditional payment methods. Our payment processing partners process basic billing information for payment processing and refund requests (such as date of purchase. We also process some of the same payment information ourselves in cases of recurring payments.
Information collected in our app
As most apps on the internet, our app collects access logs (such as IP address, operating system) to operate our services and ensure their secure, reliable, and robust performance. This information is also essential for fighting against DDoS attacks, scanning and similar hacking attempts.
Sharing your personal data
We do not share your personal information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your register/account information may be processed in the country in which we engage service providers. When you use our Services, you acknowledge the transfer of your information outside of the country where you reside.
Choices related to your data
If you’d like to edit your profile information, delete your account or data, please contact our support team. Please note that you may need to pass through a couple of account verification steps so that we can verify you are the owner of the account.
If you disagree with the processing of your data by
magicTranslator
, please do not use our Services. You can request us to discontinue processing your data, in which case your data will be processed only as much as it is necessary to effect the discontinuation of your use of the Services (e.g., final settlement, or deleting all data based on your email address), or finalizing other
magicTranslator
legal relationship with you (e.g., record keeping, accounting, processing refunds).
If you wish to use the
magicTranslator
again, you will have to accept and agree to this Privacy Policy.
Data security
We take data security very seriously and take all steps reasonably necessary to secure your data (whether technical, physical, or administrative).
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse