Privacy policy
Update Date: April 14, 2022
M2 Wear is a product for associated smart devices
                developed and provided by Shenzhen United Power Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we" or
                "the company"). We attach great importance to the privacy of users and the protection of personal
                information. When you use this product, we may collect and use your information. We hope that through
                the privacy policy ("this policy"), we will explain to you how we collect, use and store this
                information when you use our products.
We hope that you have read and confirmed that you have
                fully understood the content of this policy before using this product.
If we wish to use your personal information for other
                purposes not covered by this policy, or information collected for specific purposes for other purposes,
                we will obtain your consent in advance.
Please note that during the use of our products, all
                personal information you provide will continue to authorize us, unless you delete them through our
                system settings or refuse to collect them. When you cancel your account, we will stop using and delete
                your personal information.
1. The scope of personal information you authorize us to
                collect:
Personal information refers to various information
                recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the
                activities of a specific natural person. This information can be used alone or in combination with other
                information. The personal information involved in this policy includes: basic information (including
                personal name, date of birth, gender, address, personal phone number, email); personal identification
                information (including ID card, military ID, passport, driving license, etc.); facial features; Network
                identity information (including system account numbers, IP addresses, email addresses and passwords,
                passwords, and password protection answers related to the above); personal property information
                (transaction records and consumption records, and virtual property information, such as balances,
                coupons); Records; personal equipment information; personal location information (including travel
                information, precise location information, accommodation information, latitude and longitude, etc.);
                personal health information (exercise energy, sleep analysis, physical exercise, heart rate, weight,
                height, number of steps, walking , Running distance, riding distance, etc.).
2. We may use the information collected in the course of
                providing services to you for the following purposes:
(1) To provide you with services;
(2) For authentication, customer service, security when
                we provide services, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes, to ensure the security of the
                products and services we provide to you;
(3) Help us design new services and improve our existing
                services;
(
4
) Software certification or management software
                upgrade;
(
5
) Let you participate in surveys about our products and
                services.
3. Except for the following circumstances, we will not
                share your personal information with any company, organization or individual:
(1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in
                advance;
(2) Comply with applicable laws, regulations and legal
                procedures;
(3) Within the scope permitted by laws and regulations,
                maintain related parties or partners, you or other users, or it is necessary to provide public
                interests, property or safety from damage;
(4) Only by sharing your information can we realize the
                core functions of our products and/or services or provide the services you need;
(5) Deal with disputes or disputes between you and
                others according to your needs;
(6) Provided in accordance with the relevant agreement
                signed with you or other legal documents;
(7) Use in public interest in accordance with laws and
                regulations.
4. How to jointly protect and save your personal
                information:
(1) We attach great importance to the security of
                personal information and take all reasonable and feasible data security technical measures to protect
                your personal information;
(2) The Internet environment is not 100% secure. We will
                do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us. If our physical,
                technical or administrative protection equipment is damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public
                disclosure, modification or destruction of information, thereby harming your legal rights, we will bear
                the corresponding legal responsibility.
(3) If you have any questions about the protection of
                our personal information, you can contact us. If you find that your personal information has been
                leaked, especially your account password and personal information have been leaked, please contact us
                immediately so that we can take appropriate measures.
5. Minors use our services We encourage parents or
                guardians to guide minors under the age of 18 to use our services. We recommend that minors encourage
                their parents or guardians to read this privacy policy, and recommend that minors seek the consent and
                guidance of their parents or guardians before submitting personal information.
6. Scope of the privacy policy:
(1) Except for certain specific services, all our
                services are subject to this privacy policy. These specific services will apply to specific privacy
                policies. For the specific privacy policies of certain services, we will describe in more detail how we
                use your information in these services. The privacy policy of this particular service forms part of this
                privacy policy. If the privacy policy of a specific service is inconsistent with this privacy policy,
                the privacy policy of that specific service shall prevail;
(2) Please note that this privacy policy does not apply
                to:
1) Information collected by third-party services
                accessed through our services (including any third-party websites);
2
) If you are using an Apple device (such as an Apple phone
                or iPad), in order to calculate your exercise data, we will receive and send your exercise data from
                Apple's Healthkit under your authorization. We will read your height, weight and gender data from
                Healthkit, and write the number of steps, walking + running distance, exercise energy, riding distance
                and sleep analysis data generated by this APP into Apple's Healthkit. Any data obtained by Healthkit
                will not be shared or sold to any third-party company, and we will not use the information obtained from
                Healthkit for commercial purposes.
7. Permission description:
(1) Camera permission: change the avatar and bracelet to
                control the phone's Selfie function;
(2)
Contact
permissions: read the contact address book when a call
                comes in, and send the corresponding information to the bracelet to remind the user; synchronize the
                address book and write the new contact to the phone;
(3) Call
log
permission: when the app is connected to the bracelet, it
                will read missed calls and push the information to the bracelet to remind the user;
(4)
R
ead SMS: When there is a new SMS, the SMS will be pushed
                to the bracelet to remind the user;
(5)
A
ctivity
re
cognition
: record the number of steps when active walking, running
                or indoor running is enabled in the app.
(6) Location permission: connect to Bluetooth and record
                the motion track when walking, running or cycling is enabled in the app.
(7) Request install packages: used to read the installed
                software, allowing users to choose which application notifications need to be pushed to the bracelet
                device.
(8)
Storage permissions: used to cache data to improve the
                running speed of the map, save network traffic and store user avatars.
(9)
Recording permission: used for remote control
                self-portrait and avatar shooting function.
(10)
Device information (MAC address, IMEI,
IMSI
, access to installed applications): used for Jiguang Push
                to identify unique users and ensure accurate link jumps.
Third-party SDK privacy statement
：
（
1
）
Tencent
Bugly
：
https://static.bugly.qq.com/bugly-sdk-privacy-statement.pdf
（
2
）
Tencent map
：
https://lbs.qq.com/userAgreements/agreements/privacy
（
3
）
QQ
SDK
：
https://wiki.connect.qq.com/qq%e4%ba%92%e8%81%94sdk%e9%9a%90%e7%a7%81%e4%bf%9d%e6%8a%a4%e5%a3%b0%e6%98%8e
（
4
）
Wechat
SDK
：
https://weixin.qq.com/cgi-bin/readtemplate?lang=zh_CN&t=weixin_agreement&s=privacy
（
5
）
Jiguang push
SDK
：
https://docs.jiguang.cn/compliance_guide/app_compliance_guide/app_compliance_guide1/
（
6
）
OPPO
push
SDK
：
https://open.oppomobile.com/wiki/doc#id=10288
（
7
）
Vivo
push
SDK
：
https://dev.vivo.com.cn/documentCenter/doc/366
（
8
）
Mi
                push
SDK
：
https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822
（
9
）
Huawei push
SDK
：
https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/doc/development/HMSCore-Guides/privacy-statement-0000001050042021
8. Account cancellation:
The M2 Wear account logout operation is an irreversible
                operation. At the same time, after the account is cancelled, you will no longer be able to log in to the
                corresponding account to use related services. Except for the relevant information, rights, or other
                data that M2 Wear should retain in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, all information, such
                as storage, use, etc., will be stored and used under your account cancellation. Data etc. will be
                permanently deleted, please be cautious when you log out of your account. In addition, account
                cancellation does not mean that all account behaviors and related responsibilities before the account
                cancellation are exempted or reduced.
8.1. The process of account cancellation:
(1). If you need to cancel your account, you need to
                meet the following conditions at the same time:
1) The account has no abnormal login, password
                modification, password mobile phone or secret email modification within the last month and other
                circumstances that affect the security of the account;
2) There are no outstanding transactions, orders,
                services, etc. in the account;
3) The account does not involve any complaints or
                reports;
4) There are no unused rights and interests in the
                account. If you still have unused rights and interests, the cancellation application will be regarded as
                your voluntary waiver of the corresponding rights;
5) There is no payment in arrears or unpaid;
6) All the data and information you are entitled to
                under your M2 Wear account have been moved out and properly backed up, or you completely waived the
                right to retain and retrieve such data;
7) Account cancellation does not involve any complaints,
                disputes, lawsuits, investigations by the competent authority, etc., and there is no actual risk of the
                aforementioned lawsuits or adjustments;
8) The account does not have any other unfulfilled
                obligations that should be fulfilled in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations;
9) If you meet the above conditions, please apply in
                "My"-"About"-"Account Cancellation" in the app. We will contact you within 15 working days and verify
                your information to complete the account cancellation.
(
2
)
. During the verification process of M2 Wear, if it is
                found that your account does not meet the above conditions at the same time, your account cancellation
                application will be rejected. If you want to continue to cancel, you need to re-initiate the account
                cancellation application after completing the relevant matters according to the reasons for rejection.
8.2. Consequences of account cancellation:
You understand and agree that after the account
                cancellation process is completed, there will be consequences including but not limited to the
                following:
1. You will not be able to rely on the account to
                perform any authority operations;
2. The account you originally owned will be taken back
                by M2 Wear, and you have no right to use the original M2 Wear account. You will not be able to log in to
                the M2 Wear website or application with this account again, or use any services that require the M2 Wear
                account to log in to use, etc.;
3. You will not be able to retrieve all the information
                and data that you have stored and used under the account, except for the relevant information or data
                that M2 Wear should retain in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.
4. Other consequences that may cause damage to your
                rights or cause loss to you.
9. Self-start and associated startup:
When using the message reminder function of the device,
                it is necessary to keep the M2 Wear App running in the background, otherwise it will not be able to push
                messages to the device in time, so M2 Wear needs self-starting and association startup to keep the
                connection with the device and push messages to the device in a timely manner. Alert users.
10
. Changes:
We may appropriately modify the terms of this privacy
                policy, and such revisions form part of this privacy policy. If these amendments result in a significant
                reduction of your rights under this privacy policy, we will notify you before the amendments take effect
                or send you an email or notify you prominently on the homepage. In this case, if you continue to use our
                services, it means that you agree to be bound by the revised privacy policy.
The final interpretation right of this agreement belongs
                to Shenzhen United Power Technology Co., Ltd.