Privacy Policy | Cognex
Call Cognex Sales: 855-4-COGNEX (855-426-4639)
Contact Us
United States | English
Toggle Navigation
MyCognex Log In
Create Account
Products
Products
Machine Vision
Vision Sensors
In-Sight 2000 Vision Sensors
In-Sight 2000 Mini Vision Sensors
Vision Systems
In-Sight D900 Series
In-Sight 2800 Series
In-Sight 3800 Series
In-Sight 9000 Series
In-Sight 8000 Series
In-Sight 7000 Series
In-Sight Explorer Software
In-Sight Line Scan
3D Vision Systems
In-Sight 3D-L4000 Series
3D-L4000 with VisionPro
3D-A5000 Series
OEM Products
Barcode Readers
Fixed-mount Barcode Readers
DataMan 470 Series
DataMan 580
DataMan 370 Series
DataMan 280 Series
DataMan 150/260 Series
DataMan 70 Series
Handheld Barcode Readers
DataMan 8700 Series
DataMan 8050 Series
Barcode Verifiers
DataMan 475V
DataMan 475VS Series
DataMan 8072V
Webscan Barcode Verifiers
Cognex Mobile Barcode SDK
ESD-Safe Barcode Readers
Vision Software
VisionPro
VisionPro Deep Learning
Vision Accessories
Vision Tools
Rule-Based Tools
AI Tools
Leading Technology
Logistics
Barcode Reading Systems and Modular Vision Tunnels
Dimensioning
Detection
Hands-Free Barcode Reading
Pallet Scanning
Solutions
Solutions
Logistics
Barcode Reading Systems and Modular Vision Tunnels
Dimensioning
Detection
Hands-Free Barcode Reading
Pallet Scanning
Automotive
Tire Inspection
Edge Intelligence
Electronics
Alignment
Wafer Identification
Industries
Industries
View Industry Applications
Airport Baggage Handling
Automated Bag Tag Reading
Baggage Tracking and Security
Automation Equipment
Machine Builders and Suppliers
Vision Guided Robotics
Integrators and Line Builders
Automotive
Tire and Wheel Systems
Safety Systems
Powertrain Systems
Electric Vehicle
Chassis Systems
Electronic Systems
Consumer Products
Material Handling
Automated Assembly
Packaging
Filling
Labeling and Marking
Distribution
Electronics
Semiconductor
LED Manufacturing
PCB Assembly
Electronic Hardware
Consumer Devices
Electric Vehicles
Battery Systems
Motor Systems
Power Electronics
Automotive General Assembly
Food and Beverage
Product Quality Inspection
Packaging Inspection
Assembly Verification
Allergen Management and Traceability
Warehousing and Distribution
Life Sciences
3D Patient Positioning
IVD Lab Automation
Microscopy
Medical Imaging
Automatic Identification
Logistics
Inbound Logistics
Order Fulfillment
Sortation
Outbound Logistics
Pharmaceutical/Medical
Vials and Vaccines
Pharmaceuticals Protection
Tablet and Pill Inspection
Medical Devices
Regulations
Product Security Solutions
Solar
Tobacco
Packaging Quality Inspection
Traceability
Customer Stories
Support
Support
In-Sight Support
Software & Firmware
Documentation
Training Material
In-Sight Emulator Key
VisionPro Support
Software
Documentation
Training Material
DataMan Support
Software & Firmware
Documentation
Training Material
Edge Intelligence Support
Software & Firmware
Cognex Designer Support
Software
Documentation
Training Material
VisionPro Deep Learning Support
Software
Documentation
Training
Cognex Training
Recorded Courses
3D Vision Systems Support
Software & Firmware
Documentation
Training Material
Mobile Solutions Support
Documentation
Software & Firmware
Webscan Support
User Manuals
Software
Customer Services
Other Product Support
SuaKIT Support
DVT Support
VisionView Support
CVL Support
OmniView Support
AlignPlus Support
In-Sight Profiler Support
AlignSight Support
Advantage Engine Support
In-Sight Verification Support
How to Buy
How to Buy
Contact Sales
Get Product Pricing
Get Product Demonstration
Find System Integrator
Find Logistics Partner Integrator
Live Events
Live Webinars
Trade Shows
Training
Resources
Resources
Videos and Literature
Cognex Videos
Product Demos
White Papers and Articles
Recorded Training
Interactive Tools
Barcode Generator
Configurator Tools
Cost Saving Advisor
Lens Advisor
Lighting Advisor
Logistics ROI Calculator
Events
Seminars
Tradeshows
Live Webinars
On-Demand Webinars
Trainings
Recorded Courses
Starter Guides
Introduction to Machine Vision
Introduction to Vision Sensors
Introduction to Barcode Reading
Introduction to Barcode Verification
Introduction to Edge Learning
Introduction to Deep Learning
Industry 4.0 and Machine Vision
Symbologies
1-D Linear Barcodes
2-D Matrix Codes
Postal Codes
Stacked Linear Barcodes
Blogs
Machine Vision
Industrial Barcode Reader
Deep Learning
Barcode Verification
Products In Action
Bottles
Computers
Disc Brakes
Medical Devices
Pharmaceuticals
Razors
Ready Meals
Solar Cells
Company
Company
Company Overview
About Machine Vision
Key Data
Company History
Worldwide Facilities
Americas
Europe
Asia/Australia
News
Press Releases
Media Resources
Investor Information
ESG Overview
Careers
Leadership
Senior Management
Board of Directors
Cognex Giving
Giving Guidelines
Past Projects
Environmental Policies
MyCognex Log In
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Sales
✕
Contact Cognex Sales
Please select one
Vision - 3D Guide/Align
Vision - 3D Inspect
Vision - Inspect
Vision - Guide/Align
Vision - Gauge/Measure
Vision - OCR/OCV
Vision - Presence Absence
Barcode Reading - Fixed Mount and Handheld
Barcode Reading - Mobile Scanning Software Development Kit
Please keep me informed about other products, services, and special offers.
Contact Us
Pricing
✕
Get Pricing
Please select one
Vision - 3D Guide/Align
Vision - 3D Inspect
Vision - Inspect
Vision - Guide/Align
Vision - Gauge/Measure
Vision - OCR/OCV
Vision - Presence Absence
Barcode Reading - Fixed Mount and Handheld
Barcode Reading - Mobile Scanning Software Development Kit
Please keep me informed about other products, services, and special offers.
Contact Us
Chat
Privacy Policy
×
LEGAL INFORMATION: Cognex Corporation
GENERAL PRIVACY POLICY
The contents of this web site, including but not limited to all text, designs and images appearing herein (collectively, the "Contents"), are copyrighted works owned by Cognex Corporation ("Cognex" or the "Company"). Any copying, reproduction, modification, distribution or other unauthorized use of the Contents, including any portion or version thereof, is prohibited. Notwithstanding the foregoing, users of this web site have the limited permission to view, copy, print and distribute the Contents for non-commercial, informational purposes so long as any copy or other reproduction includes the above copyright notice.
The products, processes, technology and related information described in this web site may be covered by one or more issued or pending
Cognex patents
. No license or other intellectual property right to such Cognex products, processes or technologies is granted or conferred by this web site or by anything appearing herein.
The trademarks and registered trademarks of Cognex referenced or used in this web site appear as marked and may not be used for any purpose without the express written permission of Cognex. All other brand names, designs, service marks and trademarks (whether or not registered) referenced or used herein are the property of their respective owners. Any reference to or use of third-party trademarks in this web site shall not constitute and is not intended to indicate such third party's affiliation with or endorsement of Cognex products and services.
The product and/or service information set forth in this web site may be outdated, may contain errors and omissions, and is subject to change without notice. No statement, representation or other information contained in this web site should be construed as binding upon Cognex contractually or otherwise the basis for any express or implied warranty. Please contact the Company during normal business hours for the most up-to-date information regarding specific products and services.
This web site may provide users with access (whether by hypertext links, framing or otherwise as applicable) to certain other non-Cognex web sites. Any such access is provided with the understanding that the contents of non-Cognex sites are beyond the control of Cognex, that Cognex makes no representations whatsoever about such sites, and that users shall proceed at their own risk.
Certain matters discussed in this web site may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws. The Company's results may differ materially from the expectations, estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors, as listed and discussed in the Company's registration statements filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Cognex disclaims any obligation subsequently to revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. The reader should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements.
Privacy Statement for Cognex Web Site
We at Cognex respect your privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information you share with us (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address, and telephone number). That is why Cognex has established this privacy policy – so that you can understand the care with which we will treat your information.
In general, you may visit
www.cognex.com
without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, at times, we may request that you share personal information with us in order to obtain access to certain features of our site or to request additional information from us. If you choose to provide personal information, we assure you that we will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of our web site, but you may be unable to access certain areas, options, or services.
Cognex will use your information to better understand your needs for machine vision products and to support your customer relationship with Cognex. Among other things, Cognex will utilize your information to alert you to product upgrades and updated product information or to send you other literature and/or information that you request. From time to time, Cognex may contact you via phone, email, or postal mail with information about various products and services. If you do not want to receive such communication, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. Or, at any time you can easily opt-out of receiving further marketing information from Cognex by contacting us via email at
contactus@cognex.com
.
How we use cookies and other methods for the collection of website usage data
Some of our web pages utilize "cookies" so that we can better serve you with tailored information when you return to our site. Cookies are small files that our website may send to your browser and it is kept on your computer to make our website function properly, to provide business and marketing information to us and to facilitate your next visit to our site. The cookie data may improve form interactions based on information you have previously given to us. For example, in some cases, we will allow you to bypass a web form if a form cookie exists, or we may pre-fill a form with previously supplied contact information. In general, you can visit the Cognex website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself, such as your name, phone number, postal code or email address.
Our web server collects IP addresses to obtain certain aggregate information concerning the use of our website. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the web. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information. Therefore you can remain anonymous when you visit our website. Occasionally you may be asked to give us more specific information about yourself, such as when you download software, register for a seminar or other event, respond to a survey, enter a contest from our website, and register at the customer portal. Supplying such information to us is optional, but you may be unable to complete certain transactions without giving such information.
Types and kinds of cookies
There are four types of cookies:
Strictly necessary
- Technically essential to the provision of our website. For example, some cookies are used to enable secure login to restricted areas.
Performance
- Monitor and assess our website and its use. For example, recording visits to reveal how a website is used and which parts are most popular.
Functionality
- Enable additional functionality to improve user experience. For example, recording settings for future visits so as to save users having to repeat making the same choices.
Advertising/targeting
- Use an identification number to monitor personal preferences for the purposes of personalizing pages and gathering further information. For example, presenting adverts or promotions for products similar to those previously viewed or purchased.
There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on our website
Cognex uses the services of the third party vendor
Google Analytics
to help us measure and analyze the effectiveness of our website and how visitors use www.cognex.com. To do this, we may use web beacons and cookies provided by this third party vendor. The type of information we collect includes the pages visited and navigation patterns, which helps us learn how visitors use our site, and what information is of the most interest to our customers and visitors to our website. Although the third party vendor logs the information coming from our site on our behalf, Cognex controls how that data may and may not be used. If you do not want to assist Cognex in improving our website, products, services, offers, and marketing strategy, you can "opt-out" of this web-site analysis tool by downloading and installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Our site uses
ClickTale
to record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as any text you type in this website. ClickTale does not collect personally identifiable information (PII) that you do not voluntarily enter in this website. ClickTale does not track your browsing habits across web sites which do not use ClickTale services. We are using the information collected by ClickTale service to improve our website, make it more user-friendly and monitor that it is performing correctly. You can choose to disable the Service at
http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html.
Our site uses
Eloqua
part of the
Oracle Marketing Cloud
. This cookie is used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Once consent is provided, through a form submission by the visitor, we can associate a visitor’s ID to individual characteristics and past behavior. See more at:
http://www.oracle.com/us/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy/index.html
Cognex uses
Google AdWords Remarketing
to advertise online using text or image ads. Remarketing is a feature that lets us reach people who have previously visited our site, and show them relevant ads when they visit other sites. Google use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. For this purpose third party advertising provider cookies are set when you visit our website. Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the
Google advertising opt-out page
Our website uses
Google Adwords Conversion Tracking
which uses cookies to help us determine how many people who clicked on our Google Ads end up contacting us through the website. This tracking cookie is set on your browser only when you click on a Google Ad and these cookies help us increase the website’s effectiveness for our visitors. These cookies expire within 30 days and do not contain information that can identify you personally. Please refer to the
Google Advertising Privacy Notice
for more information about Google Conversion Tracking and the ability to opt out.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Manage cookies
You can, if you wish, set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. If you wish to control or prevent the use of these cookies, please edit the settings of your web browser. For further information about how to refuse cookies, please refer to your browser “help” section or see
www.allaboutcookies.org
If Cognex decides to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at
legal@cognex.com
. We will address any issue to the best of our abilities.
© Copyright - 2023. Cognex Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
GET ACCESS TO SUPPORT & TRAINING FOR PRODUCTS & MORE
Join MyCognex
HAVE ANY QUESTIONS?
Cognex representatives are available worldwide to support your vision and industrial barcode reading needs.
Contact Us
arrow_drop_up
Connect with us:
Products
Vision Sensors
Vision Systems
3D Vision Systems
Deep Learning
Fixed-Mount Barcode Readers
Handheld Barcode Readers
Vision Software
Barcode Verifiers
How To Buy
Get a Demo
Get Product Pricing
Contact Sales
Support
Documentation
Product Downloads
Service Requests
Customer Services
Product Training
Remote Connect
Resources
Customer Stories
Cognex Videos
White Papers
Cognex Blog
Resources
Events
Interactive Tools
Company
About Cognex
Cognex Jobs
Cognex Giving
Environmental Policies
Leadership
Cognex News
Worldwide Facilities
Customer support:
Create a
MYCOGNEX
account to gain access to our customer support, training, resources, and much more! It's quick, free, and easy.
Create an Account Now!
Already have an account? Log in
here
© 2023 Cognex Corporation
Technical Downloads
Partner login
Investors
Privacy