Privacy Policy
You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.
Personal
Corporate
SME
About
Prices of Financing and Savings Products
|||
8001230000
عربي
Our Websites
Albilad Capital
​Albilad Capital is the investment banking arm of Bank Albilad
Enjaz
Enjaz Payment Services Company
Mukafaat Albilad
​Mukafaat Albilad is the loyalty program that lets you earn points and redeem them for exciting rewards
Personal
Corporate
SME
About
Prices of Financing and Savings Products
عربي
x
Accounts
Current Account
Open your current account online
Saving Account
Investment Wakalah Program
Albilad Account with Monthly Returns
Tamayuz Accounts
Private Banking
Prices of Financing and Savings Products
Cards
All Cards
Tamkeen plus Credit Card
mada Cards
Credit Cards
Prepaid Cards
Card Offers
Mukafaat Albilad
Personal Financing
Overview on Personal Financing Options
Financing Calculator
Financing Murabaha via  Albilad App
Personal Shares Financing
Top up
Refinancing Program
Financing Against Mortgage
Buyout
Real Estate Financing
Overview on Real Estate Financing Options
Financing Calculator
Albilad Financing
Eskan Financing
Auto Financing
Overview on Auto Financing Options
Financing Calculator
Auto Lease
Auto Financing (Murabaha)
Digital Channels
Albilad Net
Albilad App
Albilad Phone
Enjaz Services Through Albilad Electronic Channels
Albilad Multi Currency ATM
Card issuance self-services
“Sarie” Service for instant payments
E-Vouchers
Complains and Suggestions
Contact Us
Login
Albilad Net
Albilad Branches and ATMs
☰
Privacy Policy
Rollup Image
بنك البلاد | Bank Albilad
English
Page Content
Our Commitment to Privacy​
Welcome to BANK ALBILAD web site (the "Site"). For the purposes of this Policy, the terms "we" "us", "our", " Company" and "Companies" refer to BANK ALBILAD, and all of our affiliates. "You" refers to you, as a user of this Site. Explained in this section is our policy regarding any personal information you might supply to us when you visit the Site. Our Privacy Policy (the "Policy") was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers and partners. This Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customer's needs.
Your Consent
By using this Site, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Therefore, we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy without specific notice to you, along with related procedures, at any time.
Collection, Use and Retention of Client Information
When you visit our Site you may provide us with two types of information: 1) personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis; these information might be used for the reason of providing and operating the products and services you have requested and for other related purposes that may include but not limited to, understanding customer's financial needs, updating and enhancing your records with us, informing you with other interesting products and services that you may desire to have, and for reasons required by applicable laws and authorities; and 2) The Site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Site. This allows us to follow the routing of the users through interesting areas of the Site. Information that we collected, from your visiting to the interesting areas of the Site, are including but not limited to quantity of entering the Site Page and visiting interested areas, and duration of user sessions. Moreover, such kind of gathering information does not identify individuals in particular. Nevertheless, this information is used to serve the users in a better mean and it helps us to improve the Site from time to time
3
) Destruction of documents and paper transactions that have passed a period of ten years from the date of closing or termination of the contractual relationship or from the date of executing the last transaction on the accounts
Information Sent to the Site
All information or materials were sent and submitted to the Site and does not breach nor go against existing laws and regulations shall become the property of Bank AlBilad. The Bank is not liable for the confidentiality of such information and materials, unless there is a Non-Disclosure Agreement with the Bank or as required by prevailing laws and regulations, or in response to a valid order by a court or other government body. Yet, Bank AlBilad has the right to use all information and materials such as ideas, experience, and techniques for any purpose and means. We would like to take this opportunity to notify you that there is a non-full security for internet usage. Due to this, you undertake the entire liabilities and risks for sending, providing and submitting any information or materials to our Site.
Mobile applications is uploading users' Contact List information.
Mobile applications is uploading users' Images information.
E-mail
We may provide aggregate information about our customers, services, Site traffic patterns and related Site information, to the extent allowed by laws, to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy. Moreover, we may disclose information when legally compelled to do so by law and/or in order to protect our legal rights.
Other Web Sites Linked to Our Site
We are not responsible for the practices employed by web sites linked to or from our Site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that maybe useful to the users of our Site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Site to another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including web sites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that web site's terms and conditions. Please read the terms and conditions before proceeding.
Children's Privacy
Our Site is not intended for the use of children. We do not knowingly market to, or solicit data from children.
Unlawful Use
You are prohibited to use the Site for any purpose which is unlawful, abusive, libelous, obscene or threatening.
Indemnification​
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Bank Albilad, its affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising out of your violation of this Policy or misuse of the Services or this Site, including such violation or misuses conducted by your employee or agent, if applicable.
Additional Condition
All terms and conditions stated in any part of this site or in the Bank publications shall form an integral part of this Policy.
Applicable Law
This Privacy Policy shall be construed and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Contact Us
Social Media
Albilad WhatsApp
Immediately reach us through Albilad WhatsApp and get things done faster with no hassle.
Message Us
Albilad Phone
To call Bank Albilad from Saudi Arabia: 8001230000, and from outside the Saudi Arabia: 00966920001002
8001230000
Our Branches
Find the nearest Albilad branch or ATM to you. Get step-by-step directions and estimated time of arrival.
Find Us
About Albilad
Investor Relations
Careers
Contact Us
Our Websites
Quick Links
Complaints and Suggestions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Statement
Vendors Services
How to report fraud
Banking Consumer Protection Principles
Newsletter
Get our latest offers and products
Register
Mobile App
All Rights Reserved © 2023
Bank Albilad is a Saudi joint stock company, with National Unified No. 7001473102, Head Office: Al Mutamarat 8229, Building No 2, RIYADH 3952 - 12711, KSA. Under monitoring and supervision of Saudi Central Bank and licensed by Royal decree 48/M on 1425/9/21H (4/11/2004 G).
English
Currently selected
# الرئيسية - Home #
privacy-policy
It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.