airtel
Terms of Use
These terms of use (ΟΔβ²§≈™agreementΟΔβ²§¬ù) for the application (defined below) are a legal and binding agreement between you (ΟΔβ²§≈™youΟΔβ²§¬ù, ΟΔβ²§≈™yourΟΔβ²§¬ù or ΟΔβ²§≈™yourselfΟΔβ²§¬ù), as the end user, andΟ²¬†AirtelΟ²
Digital
limited (ΟΔβ²§≈™ourΟΔβ²§¬ù, ΟΔβ²§≈™usΟΔβ²§¬ù, ΟΔβ²§≈™weΟΔβ²§¬ù or ΟΔβ²§≈™airtelΟΔβ²§¬ù) which governs your use of the application and services (defined below) made available to you with the application byΟ²¬†airtelΟ²¬†(including through third parties) (collectively ΟΔβ²§≈™servicesΟΔβ²§¬ù). Please read this agreement carefully before using the application and the service.Ο²
By register
e
ing for or otherwise accessing or using the application / service, or any component thereof, in any manner whatsoever, you (a) acknowledge that you have read and understood this agreement and consent to become a party, (b) represent that you are in compliance with all requirements hereunder, and (c) agree to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions in this agreement.Ο²
The applic
a
tion and the service is offered and made available only to users who are lawful owners of, or, at the responsibility of such owners, have the necessary authorisation for using, theΟ²¬†msisdnsΟ²¬†(defined below) and devices (defined below), and for making payments through or in connection with the use of the service. If you are not such a user, please discontinue the registration process and use of the services immediately, or if you do not accept and agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, please discontinue the registration process and do not access or use the application and the service.Ο²
AirtelΟΔβ²§β³Δs privacy policy (ΟΔβ²§≈™privacy policyΟΔβ²§¬ù) mentioned below is incorporated in this agreement by reference and will also apply to your use andΟ²¬†airtelΟΔβ²§β³ΔsΟ²¬†provision of the application and the services. Please read the privacy policy carefully. Your use of application will be considered as your acceptance of the privacy policy.Ο²
ΟΔβ²§≈™ApplicationΟΔβ²§¬ù means the mobile software application that Airtel has provided to you and to which this Agreement is attached or linked. ΟΔβ²§Υ€ApplicationΟΔβ²§β³Δ includes the Documentation.Ο²
ΟΔβ²§≈™Customer(s)ΟΔβ²§¬ù means an Airtel subscriber or customer who has (a) downloaded the Application on his or her Device for availing the Services forΟ²¬†use
Ο²
in accordance with and as agreed withΟ²¬†airtel
, and (b) if applicable, has validly registered on the Service through the necessary registration process. ΟΔβ²§Υ€CustomersΟΔβ²§β³Δ include you.Ο²
ΟΔβ²§≈™DeviceΟΔβ²§¬ù means any mobile device (including handsets and tablets) on which Airtel allows the downloading and use of the Application for providing the Services.Ο²
ΟΔβ²§≈™DocumentationΟΔβ²§¬ù means any information, manuals, usage instructions and other documentation that Airtel provides along with the Application.Ο²
ΟΔβ²§≈™MSISDNΟΔβ²§¬ù means the Mobile Subscriber Integrated Services Digital Network-Number.Ο²
ΟΔβ²§≈™Service(s)ΟΔβ²§¬ù means all services that Airtel provides to Customers through the Application.Ο²
CustomersΟΔβ²§β³Δ use of the Application and the Service (a) must strictly be in accordance with this Agreement, and includes only the right to download, install and use the Application to access the Service on the CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs Device, and (b) is revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable and limited by the terms of this Agreement. The terms of this Agreement will govern any upgrades, updates, modifications or enhancements of the Application.Ο²
Customers may use the Application and the Service only in India, unless otherwise allowed by Airtel.Ο²
To avail the Service you may need to register onΟ²¬†the Application, which may involve (without limitation), setting up a profile, connecting with your social networking accounts (such as Facebook), providing your MSISDN (and access to it to Airtel), username, password, your name and other personally identifiable information. You are responsible to ensure that all information you provide in connection with the foregoing is correct and accurate. You will be solely responsible to ensure protection and confidentiality of all your username or passwords or account. The Customer shall take all necessary precautions to prevent unauthorised and illegal use and unauthorised access to his/ her account through the Application. Airtel shall not be responsible for any misuse of the CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs Device or unauthorised access to the CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs account details by any third party. AirtelΟ²¬†expressly disclaims any and all liability, howsoever, arising out of the misuse of the Application downloaded by the Customer. AIRTEL WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED, UNLAWFUL OR ILLEGAL USE OF THE SERVICE OR THE APPLICATION BY ANY CUSTOMER OR ANY OTHER PERSON WHO IS NOT A VALID USER.Ο²
AirtelΟΔβ²§β³Δs Privacy Policy governs the use, storage and protection of any sensitive information that you provide. You hold Airtel harmless in connection with your provision of any incorrect or incomplete information.Ο²
Customer hereby authorises and consents to the collection, storage and use, by Airtel and its affiliates, partners and agents, of any information and data related to or derived from CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs use of the Application, and any information or data that Customers provide to Airtel and its affiliates, partners and licensors ("Information"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs personally identifiable information will be used only in accordance with the Privacy Policy. Such Information will be treated as being non-confidential and nonproprietary, and Airtel assumes no obligation to protect confidential or proprietary information (other than personally identifiable information) from disclosure and will be free to reproduce, use, and distribute the Information to others without restriction. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement.Ο²
Access to and use of the Service may be internet based. You will be responsible for obtaining Internet connectivity and paying all fees in connection with it. In addition, you must procure all equipment necessary to ensure access to the Internet and to be able to use the Service. The Customer agrees and acknowledges that data charges will remain applicable for downloading and using the Application.Ο²
Airtel may access your MSISDN or may request you to enter your details along with the MSISDN. You may be able to use the Services only on one authorised Device connected to your MSISDN. In the event you attempt to register another device with the same MSISDN, the use of the Application may be terminated on other devices.Ο²
You agree and understand that use of the Application involves tracking your location and data pertaining to signal strength. This data will be used to deliver a better network experience. You can disable this feature from the settings tab in your Device.Ο²
You agree, understand and confirm that the credit / debit card details or other financial details provided by you for availing the Services will be correct and accurate and you shall not use the credit /debit card or financial facility which is not lawfully owned / obtained by you. Airtel will not be liable for any credit / debit card fraud. The liability for use of a card fraudulently will be on you and the onus to prove otherwise shall be exclusively on you. All information collected by us shall be governed as per our Privacy Policy. AIRTEL WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY TRANSACTIONS YOU MAKE FOR USING ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE. ALL CLAIMS AND COMPLAINTS FOR ANY FAILED OR INCORRECT TRANSACTIONS MUST BE DIRECTED TO OUR PAYMENT PROCESSING PARTNERS AND/OR YOUR BANK (AS THE CASE MAY BE).Ο²
By agreeing to use or continue to useΟ²
theΟ²
App
lication
, the consumer agrees to allow
Application
Ο²¬†and by extension the app publisher,Ο²¬†AirtelΟ²
DigitalΟ²
Ltd. toΟ²
access necessary informationΟ²¬†forΟ²¬†provision of Services and continued use of the Application
.Ο²
The Application and the Service and all copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, including but not limited to Airtel trademarks, service marks, logos and taglines, relating to the Application and the Service are, and shall remain, the exclusive property of Airtel or the third party licensors, as the case may be.Ο²
Customer shall not (a) decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, or decrypt the Application, (b) make any modification, adaptation, improvement, enhancement, translation or derivative work of the Application, (c) violate any applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs access or use of the Application, (d) remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or trademark) of Airtel or its affiliates, or the licensors of the Application, (e) use the Application for any other purpose for which it is not designed or intended. This provision shall survive the termination of License.Ο²
Customer may not rent, lease, lend, sublicense or transfer the Application, this Agreement or any of the rights granted hereunder to any third party. Any attempted transfer in contravention of this provision shall be null and void and of no force or effect.Ο²
The Service and Application is provided for yourΟ²¬†use only
Ο²¬†in accordance with and as agreed withΟ²¬†airtel
. You agree not to reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, broadcast, perform, make available to third parties or circulate the Application or any material through the Application, or to exploit any such content for commercial purposes without the express prior written consent of Airtel.Ο²
The Application may include links to other websites or services of Airtel. Your use of those sites and services is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each such site and service (in addition to this Agreement and the Privacy Policy).Ο²
By posting reports, messages, submitting reviews, inputting data, suggesting ideas or engaging in any other form of communication through the Service (collectively referred herein as ΟΔβ²§≈™User MaterialΟΔβ²§¬ù), you irrevocably assign all rights in the User Materials to Airtel. By submitting or posting the User Material, you represent and warrant that you own the User Material. You also represent and warrant that the posting of your User Material does not violate any right of any party, including privacy rights, publicity rights, and intellectual property rights. You warrant that any User Materials will not contain any material that is obscene, defamatory/libellous to any party (including Airtel or its affiliates), or in violation of any applicable public interest, privacy and other codes, guidelines and laws.Ο²
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE DOWNLOAD, INSTALLATION AND USE OF THE APPLICATION AND THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE APPLICATION AND SERVICE ARE PROVIDED ON AN ΟΔβ²§≈™AS ISΟΔβ²§¬ù AND AN ΟΔβ²§≈™AS AVAILABLEΟΔβ²§¬ù BASIS. WE DO NOT MAKE, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM, ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES REGARDING THE SERVICE AND THE APPLICATION, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, OR ANY WARRANTIES ARISING BY COURSE OF DEALING OR CUSTOM OF TRADE. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT ANY MATERIAL OR CONTENT DISPLAYED ON OR OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, APPROPRIATE, RELIABLE, OR TIMELY. WE ALSO MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES THAT THE APPLICATION OR THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS AND/OR YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE THEREOF WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE APPLICATION WILL BE COMPATIBLE OR INTEROPERABLE WITH THE CUSTOMERΟΔβ²§β³ΔS DEVICE.Ο²
Further, Customer acknowledge that compatibility and interoperability problems may cause the performance of the CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs Device to diminish or fail completely, and may result in permanent damage to such Device, including loss of the data, software and files on the Device. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Airtel and its affiliates, and licensors shall have no liability to Customer or any third party for any losses suffered resulting from or arising in connection with compatibility or interoperability problems.Ο²
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WHETHER UNDER LAW, CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), AIRTEL, ITS LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS, PARTNERS, AFFILIATES OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, AND/OR FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUES, DATA, BUSINESS, PRODUCTION OR GOODWILL, OR FOR ANY OTHER FORM OF DAMAGES IN ANY MANNER ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE APPLICATION, THE SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION OR THE BASIS OF THE CLAIM OR WHETHER OR NOT AIRTEL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ALL OTHER DISCLAIMERS AVAILABLEΟ²¬†OR ANY OF THEΟ²¬†ASSOCIATED PAGES OR LINKS THEREIN, ARE DEEMED TO BE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.Ο²
This Agreement shall be effective until terminated. Airtel may, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, suspend or terminate this License and the rights afforded to Customer hereunder with or without prior notice. Further, if Customer fails to comply with any terms and conditions of this License, then this License and any rights afforded to Customer hereunder shall terminate automatically, without any notice or other action by Airtel. Upon the termination of this License, Customer shall cease all use of the Application and uninstall the Application.Ο²
Customer may elect to discontinue using the Application and the Services, and may request Airtel to deactivate the CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs account from the Application / Service by giving aΟ²
30
Ο²¬†daysΟΔβ²§β³Δ written notice or by informing AirtelΟΔβ²§β³Δs customer care representativeΟ²
15
30
Ο²¬†days in advance.Ο²¬†If the CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs Device is stolen or lost, the Customer must immediately inform AirtelΟΔβ²§β³Δs customer care representative to deactivate the CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs account on the Service. Customer will remain responsible for any transactions made until the Application is blocked by Airtel. Customer shall immediately uninstall the Application in case the Customer changes his/her Device.Ο²
In the event of loss of mobile phone, the Customer should request deactivation of this Application by calling Airtel customer care. Airtel shall not be liable for any unauthorised transactions made using the Application and the Customer hereby fully indemnifies and holdsΟ²¬†airtelΟ²¬†harmless against any action, suit, proceeding initiated against it or any loss, cost or damage incurred by it as a result thereof.
Ο²
Customer assumes all risks arising out of or resulting from CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs transactions on or through the Application.
Ο²
Airtel shall not be liable for any third party products or services advertised on the Application.Ο²
Customer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Airtel and its affiliates, and licensors, and each of their respective officers, directors, agents and employees (the "Indemnified Parties") from and against any claim, proceeding, loss, damage, fine, penalty, interest and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneysΟΔβ²§β³Δ fees) arising out of or in connection with the following: (i) CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs access to or use of the Application and the Service, (ii) Customer breach of this Agreement, (iii) CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs violation of applicable law, (iv) Customer negligence or wilful misconduct, or (v) CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs violation of the rights of a third party, including the infringement by Customer of any intellectual property or misappropriation of any proprietary right or trade secret of any person or entity, and (vi) AirtelΟΔβ²§β³Δs execution of any Customer instructions. These obligations will survive any termination of this Agreement.Ο²
Customer hereby releases and discharges Airtel from any liability resulting from CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs use or possession of the Application, including, without limitation, in relation to the following: (i) any product liability claims, (ii) any claim that the Application fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, (iii) any claim arising under any consumer protection or similar legislation, and (iv) any misuse or unauthorized access of CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs Airtel account.Ο²
Any dispute or claim (contractual or non-contractual) arising out of or in relation to this Agreement, including disputes as to its formation, will be governed by and construed in accordance with Indian laws, without regard to its conflict of laws rules, and the courts in New Delhi will have exclusive jurisdiction.Ο²
Use of the Application / Service is unauthorised in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this Section. You shall not use the Service in any manner contrary to local, state or national law. Airtel expressly disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for any action by you that is contrary to such law(s) by you and reserves the right to terminate your Service immediately upon notice of your failure to comply with any such local, state or national law.Ο²
AirtelΟΔβ²§β³Δs performance of this Agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process and the policies and business decisions of Airtel, and nothing contained in this Agreement is in derogation of our right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Service or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use.Ο²
No failure or delay in enforcing any provision, exercising any option or requiring performance, shall be construed to be a waiver of that or any other right in connection with this Agreement.Ο²
This Agreement, together with our Privacy Policy and any other rules, regulations, procedures and policies which we refer to and which are hereby incorporated herein by this reference, constitutes the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Service and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and us with respect to the Service.Ο²
A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.Ο²
Airtel may modify or amend the terms of this Agreement by posting a copy of the modified or amended Agreement on the Application or at www.airtel.in. Customer will be deemed to have agreed to any such modification or amendment by CustomerΟΔβ²§β³Δs decision to continue using the Application following the date on which the modified or amended Agreement is posted.Ο²
Privacy Policy
1. Data Collection
At the time you (a) register to the Mitra App application ("Software") for using the services, products and materials made available to you using the Software ("Service"), (b) make any payments related to your use of the Service, (c) download any content made available through the Service ("Content"), (d) update the Software, (e) share any information through the Software and ΟΔ¬¹βÄû or (f) contact us through our help and support channels, we may ask you for your personal data (such as your name, telephone number, address, date of birth, credit card details (if required as mode of payment) certain unique identifiers, and any other information or data that can be used to identify or contact you) ("Personal Data"). By registering to the Service and/or using the Software ΟΔ¬¹βÄû Content, you hereby agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and the terms in this privacy notice ("Privacy Notice") We also may automatically receive and track certain data about your mobile device (such as your device-type, time-zone, version of the operating system or Software currently installed, and language preference) or your activity logs from the use of the Service, Software and Content, and we may create a unique device ID for you so we can recognize you. Airtel may collect such non-identifiable information for gathering data on what parts of the Service ΟΔ¬¹βÄû Software are of most interest to Users. In some cases, we can automatically detect your location data, but we will not use it unless you give us permission to do so. If you connect with any social networking site ("SNS"), we may also receive some data from that network (e.g. your SNS ID, name, profile picture, gender, age, locale and email address), which shall be deemed to be included within the meaning of your Personal Data. You are not required to provide the Personal Data. However, you agree that in that case we may not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have.
2. Use of Personal Data
We may use your Personal Data in accordance with the corresponding Terms of Use, and more particularly for the following purposes:
to identify you from time to time, as required, and to validate your use of the Services,
to provide you with the Services and the display of customized content, and targeted advertising both on our apps/websites and on other apps/websites that we advertise through,
to communicate with the Software and Services and for resolving customer service issues,
to determine when you link from our app ΟΔ¬¹βÄû Software to one of our partner apps, so that we can monitor the level of traffic that we generate for our partner apps,
to ensure the technical functioning of all our products and services,
to protect the SoftwareΟΔβ²§β³Δs copyright,
to enforce our Terms of Use,
to comply with laws, requests from a government bodies or courts, or to respond to litigation,
to enable us to use a third party to perform surveys measuring your experiences and use of our services,
to conduct internal auditing, data analysis, and research to improve our products and services.
to share your Personal Data with AirtelΟΔβ²§β³Δs affiliates and group companies for any of the foregoing purposes, which affiliates may also combine your Personal Data with other information in this regard.
to transfer user information to Airtel owned domains including but not limited to
https://sndgateway.airtel.com
,
https://retailerapp.airtelbank.com
,
https://nwexp.airtel.com
We may share images which are taken as part of acquisition flows with Government authorities as on when mandates as part of Digital KYC / eKYC regulation.
Images we may use for internal Audit purpose.
We may also encrypt and ΟΔ¬¹βÄû or aggregate your data with other usersΟΔβ²§β³Δ data in order to create statistics about the general use of the Software and related websites, which helps us to develop new products and services. You understand that we may also share this aggregated data with our business partners and third party advertisers.
Nothing anything else in this Privacy Notice, you understand that in order to comply with the applicable laws and contractual requirements, Airtel may be required to access your location data in order to ensure that your access to the Service is within a particular geographical territory. You hereby consent to such access by Airtel for the foregoing purposes.
3. You sharing data with third parties
Third parties (such as companies who advertise through our apps) may require you to provide your personal data in order to access their products, advertisements and offers. If you visit or register for a third party product, advertisement or offer, we may pass some data about your device to that third party (e.g. your tag history and country of registration) so that they can send you offers. However, we will not pass your email address or other contact details to these third parties without your permission.
Any third partiesΟΔβ²§β³Δ use of your personal data is governed by their own privacy policy (which should be accessible from their website or application). If you do not want third parties to be able to access or use your personal data, you should not register for, click on or use the applicable third party application or product.
4. Sharing with social networks
If you register to or use the Service using an SNS account, you allow Airtel to automatically share your activity, usage and activity-related stories with the Service, Software and Content. You understand that Airtel may post such information on your SNS profileΟΔ¬¹βÄûaccount. Airtel may also publish such information any other integrated or associated services of Airtel. For the purpose of identification, authentication and ease of access, Airtel may store your username and an access token or similar credentials obtained from such SNS/third party service.
5. Airtel sharing data with third parties
Airtel may provide your Personal Data or any portion of it to AirtelΟΔβ²§β³Δs strategic partners that work with Airtel to provide products and services, or that help Airtel market its products and services to customers. Your Personal Data will only be shared by Airtel to provide or improve our products, services and advertising and not for marketing purposes of such third parties. You further acknowledge that Airtel may be required under law, legal process, litigation, andΟΔ¬¹βÄûor requests from public and governmental authorities to disclose your Personal Data.
Further, Airtel payment processing partners ΟΔ¬¹βÄû gateways may access you billing and shipping information (including your credit cards details, balance in your Airtel account, etc.) in relation to any payments that you make for using the Service. You agree that such third-party partners of Airtel may receive such information directly from you. Such third partiesΟΔβ²§β³Δ access and protection of your Personal Data will be in accordance with their privacy and security policies and Airtel will not be liable for the same in any way.
6. Links to other websites
We may display links to third party websites. Please note that we cannot control and cannot be held responsible for the activities of such websites. You should always read the privacy policy of a website to find out more about how personal data is collected and processed.
7. Use of Cookies
Airtel uses cookies and beacons to assist in delivering the service and to provide a positive and personalized user experience. Cookies are files sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computerΟΔβ²§β³Δs hard drive. Our persistent and session ID Cookies are used to identify unique visitors and to provide a personalized user experience. Beacons are bits of code that function similar to cookies. Our beacons are embedded in outgoing emails and generate a call back to the Airtel server when such emails are opened. Airtel uses beacons to track the status of sent emails. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may disable them.
8. Security
Airtel has implemented adequate and industry accepted processes designed to protect Personal Data and maintain security. It is the UserΟΔβ²§β³Δs responsibility to protect the security of their login information. AirtelΟΔβ²§β³Δs servers are located in secure server environments. Firewalls and other advanced security technologies are employed to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of data.
9. Choice
The Software ΟΔ¬¹βÄû Service may allow you to choose the manner of and the extent to which you wish to disclose the Personal Data. You may also be allowed to disable some of the features that require sharing of Personal Data.
10. Changes to Privacy Policy
Airtel reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy, and will post any revisions on this page.
Ο²
Ο²¬© Copyright 2016. Powered by airtel
Ο²