SuperBeam Privacy Policy | SuperBeam | Quick and Easy File Sharing
Get SuperBeam
Home
Features
Pricing
For PC
FAQ’s
Support
Home
Features
Pricing
For PC
FAQ’s
Support
SuperBeam Privacy Policy
The privacy of our users is of great importance to us. LiveQoS Inc. (“
LiveQoS
”, “
We
”, “
Us
”) has created this privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) in order to set out how We collect, use, and disclose personal information in association with our provision of the SuperBeam file sharing application (the “
App
”), related services (the “
Services
”) and Our website. By visiting our website located at
https://superbe.am/
(the “
Website”
), downloading the App
or using the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy and you hereby consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
1 WHAT DOES THIS POLICY COVER?
This Privacy Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of information about identifiable individuals (“
Personal Information
”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of individuals or companies that we do not own or control.
2 COLLECTION AND USE OF  PERSONAL INFORMATION AND OTHER DATA
2.1 Contact Information
In order to use our Services, we require that users provide a valid email address. We only use this e-mail address to contact you with important information related to the Services. If you opt-in to receive electronic messages from Us, then we will use the e-mail to send you additional communications. You may opt-out at any time.
2.2 File Sharing Information
When you use the SuperBeam App and Services for file sharing, We collect anonymized and aggregated data in respect of the usage of the Services. In particular, We collect the following “
File Sharing Information
”:
The method of pairing
(i
.e. the mechanism by which the receiver of the files initialized the download: QR code, NFC or secret key).
The method of transfer (i.e. the medium through which data was transferred: Wi-Fi, wifip2p or hotspot).
Operation status (whether the file transfer was successful, failed or cancelled).
If file transfer fails, the reason for the failure, if any (pairing issue, connection issue or storage issue).
Information about the shared files:
Media type (generic file, photo, video, contact, music, app or document)
Size of files
Number of files sent
Information about the web browser used to download shared files, if the SuperBeam App was not installed on receiving device, namely:
Browser type (Chrome, FireFox, Edge, IE, Safari, etc.)
Operating system (Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, etc.)
We collect and use the above File Sharing Information for the purposes of providing the App and Services, as well as maintaining and improving the App and Services.
2.3 Permissions
If you download the App, We require permission to access certain aspects of your device in order to provide the Services. In particular, We require access to:
Your Wi-Fi network and near field communication (NFC), as well as the ability to read and write user files for the purpose of allow file transfers to or from your device.
Your device’s camera, in order to allow you to take a photo of the applicable QR code for the file transfer process.
You also have the option of providing the App with access to your device contacts to allow you to manage contacts for file sharing.
2.4 Cookies
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts and tags are used by us and our third party partners. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the website, tracking users’ movements around the website, and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing these types of tracking technologies.
Standing alone, cookies do not identify you personally. They merely recognize your browser. Cookies come in two flavors: session and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you’ve closed your browser or turned off your computer. They include such information as a unique identifier for your browser.
LiveQoS uses session cookies containing encrypted information to allow the system to uniquely identify you while you are logged in. This information allows LiveQoS to process your online transactions and requests. Session cookies help us make sure you are who you say you are after you’ve logged in and are required in order to use the Services.
LiveQoS uses persistent cookies that only LiveQoS can read and use, to identify the fact that you are a LiveQoS user. We are especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies. Users who disable their web browser’s ability to accept cookies will be able to browse our Website but may not be able to use all features of our Services.
Our third party partners also employ clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), images, and scripts that help them better manage content on our site. We do not tie the information gathered to any customer data or personal information.
3 STORAGE LOCATION AND TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
LiveQoS process and stores its data, including Personal Information, on servers located in the United States. By submitting using the Website, App or Services, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing of your Personal Information in the U.S. You acknowledge and agree that your Personal Information may be accessible to law enforcement and governmental agencies in the United States under lawful access regimes or court order.
4 DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
4.1 Service Providers and Business Partners
We may from time to time employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share Personal Information with them to provide the Services and App to you. Unless we tell you differently, such third parties do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. This includes third-party companies and individuals engaged by us to facilitate our Services, including the provision of maintenance services, database management, Web analytics and general improvement of the Services, and businesses who engage our Services (to the extent provided for above). In order to collect the File Sharing Data set out in Section 2.2 above, we use the following third-party services: Google Analytics and Flurry Analytics.
In addition, Our business partners collect user data in accordance with their own privacy policies. By using the Website, App or Services, you agree that the following third-party services may collect Personal Information in accordance with their respective policies:
Crashlytics which assists with crash detection and analysis (
https://try.crashlytics.com
)
Google AdMob which serves ads to users (
https://www.google.com/admob/
)
4.2 Business Transfers
If we (or substantially all of our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information  may be made available or otherwise transferred to the new controlling entity, where permitted under applicable law.
4.3 With Your Consent
If we need to use or disclose any Personal Information in a way not identified in this Privacy Policy, we will notify you and/or obtain your express consent as required under applicable privacy laws.
5 RETENTION
We will keep your Personal Information for as long as it remains necessary for the identified purpose or as required by law, which may extend beyond the termination of our relationship with you.  We may retain certain data as necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally-identifiable data, or if required by law. All retained Personal Information will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
6 ACCESS, CORRECTION AND ACCURACY
You have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you in order to verify the Personal Information we have collected in respect to you and to have a general account of our uses of that information.  Upon receipt of your written request, we will provide you with a copy of your Personal Information, although in certain limited circumstances, and as permitted under law, we may not be able to make all relevant information available to you, such as where that information also pertains to another user.  In such circumstances we will provide reasons for the denial to you upon request.  We will endeavor to deal with all requests for access and modifications in a timely manner.
We will make every reasonable effort to keep your Personal Information accurate and up to date, and we will provide you with mechanisms to update, correct, delete or add to your Personal Information as appropriate.  As appropriate, this amended Personal Information will be transmitted to those parties to which we are permitted to disclose your information.  Having accurate Personal Information about you enables us to give you the best possible service.
7 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of Personal Information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected, used or disclosed. If we make material changes or changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website, App or Services or sending you an e-mail prior to the change becoming effective. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Website after such changes have been first posted.
8 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or LiveQoS’s privacy practices should be directed to our Privacy Officer who can be reached at privacy@liveqos.com.
Last Updated: December 21, 2017
A LiveQoS Product
Our Office
535 Legget Drive, Suite 500
Ottawa ON
K2K 3B8
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Contact Us
Name *
Email *
Subject
Message *
* I am a human and 4 + 9 =
Send
SuperBeam on Twitter
Could not authenticate you.
Copyright © 2020 LiveQoS
Go Top