Shop101 - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
(Last updated on November 2022)
Introduction
O(1) India Private Limited, a company registered under the Companies
                Act, 2013 having its registered office at Office no. 401, 4th floor, 
                Prudential building, Central Avenue, Powai, Mumbai, MH (400076) operates this platform with brand name
SHOP101
(hereinafter referred as
“Shop101”
, “Company”,
“We”
,
“Us”
or
“Our”
).
We respect Your privacy while You access
‘Shop101: Resell, Work From
                Home, Make Money’ (“Application”)/
www.shop101.com
(“Website”)
and other associated applications,
                devices, products, online marketplace and services managed by Shop101
                that reference to this Privacy Policy (collectively referred to as the
                “Platform”). For the purposes of this privacy policy the term “User(s)”
                and wherever the context so requires “You”, “Your”, “Yourself” shall
                mean any natural or legal person who accesses or uses the Platform and
                in the event that a natural person is representing a business entity,
                reference to such terms shall include a reference to such business
                entity as well
We, at Shop101, aim to adhere to the ethical standards pertaining to
                collection, usage and safeguarding of the information provided by You
                during the use of the Application and/or the Website.
Shop101 has adopted this privacy policy
(“Privacy Policy”)
to
                    inform You of the information We collect from You through the
                    Platform; the manner of collection and processing of such
                    information; use of such information; and the steps We
                    take to protect it. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the
                        meaning ascribed to them in the
Merchants’ Agreement
and the
Buyers’ Agreement.
By using the Platform, You unconditionally agree to the terms and conditions of this
                    Privacy Policy and consent to collecting, usage, storage,
                    processing, handling, transferring and sharing of the information
                    submitted by You in accordance with the terms contained hereunder.
                    Please read the Privacy Policy before using the Platform and if You
                    do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy,
                    please do not proceed further to use this Platform.
“Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to Shop101, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
USER INFORMATION
The Platform collects certain information and data when You
                    register via the Application or the Website. There are two types of
                    information being collected: (A) User Provided Information; (B)
                    Automatically Collected Information during the usage of the
                    Service.
User Provided Information and Access
Shop101 collects Your Information when You successfully
                            submit information while creating Your account and/or while
                            confirming Your order on the Platform. While doing so, we
                            may collect data that can be used to uniquely identify or
                            contact a person and/or the business entity that a person
                            represents and shall include, but not be limited to,
                            information regarding Your name, name of the business
                            entity that You represent, Your and/or Your customer’s
                            address and telephone number, Your and/or Your customer’s
                            e-mail address, information provided by You regarding Your
                            social networking platform and such other information for
                            the purposes of identification and verification. We may
                            also ask You to share the OTP sent via SMS or a password or
                            to verify a link sent on Your e-mail address. While You are
                            using our Platform, we record Your responses and activity
                            data, including but not limited to, textual and voice
                            responses and session details. We do not directly process
                            any payments and do not store Your debit/credit card
                            information. Secured socket layer technology is used for
                            processing payment transactions with third-party service
                            provider partners. When You submit User Information on the
                            Platform including any information of Your customers, it
                            shall be deemed that You have granted Us the right to
                            collect, store, process, handle and use such User
                            Information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy (as
                            amended from time to time) and You confirm You have
                            adequate and legally appropriate consents from Your
                            customers to share the same . To facilitate refunds in case
                            of returns, You may also be asked to provide bank account
                            information.
While using the Platform, we may ask permission to access
                            the microphone and the camera for providing better services
                            and products. We may ask for permission to access Your data
                            storage. However, the data storage access shall be limited
                            to the access to store the data downloaded or saved during
                            the usage of the Platform or the products directly in the
                            User’s device for ensuring easy storage and access to the
                            User. We shall not utilize this permission to access to any
                            other data on the User’s device, except as expressly
                            mentioned in this Privacy Policy.
We use a third-party payment platform and payment
                            aggregator services to bill You for products and services.
                            We may use and share the User Information with reliable and
                            reputed third-party payment gateway to whom we are
                            associated in order to ensure swift and comfortable payment
                            mechanism for the User. The third-party service providers
                            shall provide the Company the phone number of the User
                            utilized while completing the payment transaction.
After the User is directed to the payment mechanism and the
                            payment gateway, the Company is not liable for any data
                            stored, used or accessed by such a third-party service
                            provider and the User Information is no longer governed by
                            this Policy or our Website’s Terms of Service. The same
                            shall be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy
                            policy of the third-party service provider. For these third
                            party service providers, we recommend that You read their
                            privacy policies in order to understand the manner in which
                            Your personal information and Your credit/debit card
                            details will be handled by these providers.
The said information collected from the Users could be
                            categorized as “Personal Information”, “Sensitive Personal
                            Information” or other information. The Sensitive Personal
                            Information collected would be governed in accordance with
                            the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices
                            and procedures and sensitive personal data or information)
                            Rules, 2011 (the
“IT Rules”
). The Personal Information,
                            Sensitive Personal Information or other information shall
                            collectively be referred to as
“User Information”
in this
                            Policy.
We may use the User Information to contact You from time to
                            time, to provide You with the services we offer through the
                            Platform, important information and circulate marketing and
                            promotional material in relation thereto through SMS, calls, and email. By using this Platform, You are also opting-in to receive such information and promotional content via WhatsApp. In case, You do not wish to receive any communications via WhatsApp, please give us a missed call on (+91) 8655019960 to opt-out of this facility. We may ask You
                            for more information for identification purposes, if
                            required (personal information). The User shall be
                            permitted to access the Website or Application via any
                            device provided that the log in/access credentials match
                            with the User credentials. In the event the User uses a new
                            device to access or log-in to the Website or Application,
                            the User shall be required to grant access for the new
                            device, as may be required.
You may visit the Platform and browse the Platform without
                            having to provide User Information. We will, at all times,
                            provide the option to You to not provide the Personal
                            Information or Sensitive Personal Information, which we
                            seek from You. Where possible, We indicate which fields are
                            mandatory and which fields are optional to be filled on the
                            Platform. You always have the option to not provide
                            information by choosing not to submit particular
                            information or feature on the Platform. In such event,
                            however, the Company fully reserves the right not to allow
                            further usage of the Platform or provide any
                            services/products thereunder to You.
By using this Platform, You consent to the collection,
                            storage, use and transfer of the User Information
                            (including personal information and sensitive personal
                            data, including my payment details) that You provide in
                            connection with any of the services that We offer through
                            our Platform in accordance with this Policy and You consent
                            to the collection of any changes or updates that You may
                            provide to the User Information.
Shop101 collects only such User Information that Shop101
                            believes to be relevant for the purpose of identification
                            and verification and is required to understand You or Your
                            interests. It is clarified that We shall not be liable, for
                            any reason whatsoever, for the authenticity of any User
                            Information provided by You to Us. You hereby confirm that
                            the User Information provided by You is and shall continue
                            to be valid, true and accurate to the best of Your
                            knowledge.
Any portion of the Information containing personal data
                            relating to minors or a person of unsound mind provided by
                            You shall be deemed to be given with the consent of the
                            legal guardian. Such consent is deemed to be provided by
                            Your registration with us.
Automatically Collected Information
When You visit the Platform, we may collect certain information
                    about or on Your device such as Your internet protocol address,
                    operating system, browser type, and internet service provider. This
                    type of information does not identify You personally during Your
                    visit to the Platform. We can identify You only after You submit
                    User Information at the time of registering Yourself with the
                    Platform.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
The User Information collected by the Company will be deleted as
                    per the Data Retention Guideline identified below, the Company
                    may, at its option, not provide any services for which the User
                    Information was sought, and the User shall not claim deficiency of
                    services on the basis of such non provision of goods and services.
To enhance Your use of the Platform, certain information may be
                    collected each time You visit the Platform which are saved in
                    server logs. It is clarified that these statistics help Us in
                    improving the efficiency of the Platform by giving Us information
                    relating to Your use of the Platform. Such information may include
                    details of the server from where the Platform is being accessed,
                    the browser and operating system used to browse the Platform,
                    details of Your last visit to the Platform, including time, date
                    and the duration of Your session on the Platform. This information
                    is used by Shop101 to understand the number of users visiting the
                    Platform and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use
                    of the Platform. While collecting such information, Your anonymity
                    shall be maintained at all times and at no time can We identify You
                    personally, unless You submit the Information on the Platform or
                    through the e-mail feature. Shop101 reserves the right to share
                    such general information to any person on its discretion.
You acknowledge that apart from Your User Information, if You
                    upload or exchange any data, content, information, pictorial
                    representations and/or images including post any comments on the
                    Platform (collectively referred to as the
“Content”
), such Content
                    may contain information including User Information and the same may
                    be available to the other Users of the Platform. Shop101 will not
                    be liable for the disclosure and dissemination of such User
                    Information on the Platform.
We may also receive information from third-party partners. 
                    The information provided in these cases follow the respective privacy 
                    policies of such third parties. In the context of advertising displayed 
                    on our Platform, Group (in their capacity as advertising partners), ad 
                    networks, advertisers or such other third-party demand partners 
                    (collectively
“Ad Partners”
) may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal 
                    information they have separately collected about You so that we can effectively 
                    provide our services. They do this in accordance with their own specific privacy 
                    policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements and, 
                    we will treat such information in accordance with the privacy policies 
                    of such Ad Partners in addition to this Policy, subject to the terms of 
                    the former. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose 
                    other than for providing or improving our services.
COOKIES
Like most other Platforms, We use data collection devices known as
                    cookies to collect and store information of Users visiting the
                    Platform. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to a
                    User's browser from a web server/mobile application and is
                    eventually stored on a User's computer hard drive/mobile device.
                    Cookies are a reliable mechanism for Platforms to remember the
                    activities of the User on the Platform and helps in improving Your
                    experience on the Platform. This anonymous information is
                    maintained distinctly and is not linked to the User Information You
                    submit to Shop101. The option of accepting cookies is up to You,
                    however certain features of the Platform including Content and the
                    forms may not be accessible without accepting cookies.
To browse anonymously, You may set Your browser to disable cookies
                    or delete cookies. Most cookies are session cookies that are
                    automatically deleted from Your hard drive when You close the
                    browser. Additionally, You may encounter cookies or other similar
                    devices on certain pages of the Platform that are placed by third
                    parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties and
                    shall not be liable for any reason whatsoever for these third-party
                    cookies.
USE OF THE USER INFORMATION
We (and our partners and the Group) may use information that is collected 
                    about You or that You provide, to (collectively referred to as “Permitted Purposes”):
verifying Your identity;
facilitating Your use of the Platform;
facilitating successful purchase of Products from the
                            Platform;
responding to Your queries or complaints or to fulfil Your
                            requests for information about the services and solutions
                            that We offer and the process relating to the same;
providing You with information about Shop101 and to send
                            You information, materials, and offers from Shop101;
sending You important information regarding the Platform;
personalizing Your experience on the Platform by presenting
                            offers tailored to You;
helping You address trouble- shooting problems;
providing You with related customer service;
conducting internal reviews and data analysis for the
                            Platform (e.g., to determine the number of visitors to
                            specific pages within the Platform);
improving the Content on the Platform and to improve our
                            features and provide seamless service;
protecting the integrity of the Platform; and
To protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or
                            safety of the Platform, the Company, its Users or the
                            public as required or as may be permissible under the
                            applicable law and/or to comply with applicable laws
Provide information, materials, advertisements, promotions and/or offerings 
                            that may be of interest to You or to run survey campaigns by itself, Ad 
                            Partners or the Group including targeted  advertisements  and  
                            monetization  activities  through  Shop  101  Platform  and/or 
                            advertising channels of its Ad Partners or the Group or media partners.
Enrich, build custom audience segments or merged data sets 
                            (using the data referred herein and/or third party or the Group 
                            provided data sets) to enable our Platform, Ad Partners or the 
                            Group to better target advertisements and offer their services.
DISCLOSURE OF USER INFORMATION
We may disclose Your information to the third parties for a variety of business purposes, 
                    as described below, in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulatory requirements:
(a) provide You with the services on the Platform, and may be
                    subject to the practices of such third parties;
(b) facilitate the purchase and delivery of the Products on the
                Platform by You;
(c) grow Our business which may include any event of corporate sale, merger, 
                reorganization, sale of assets whereby share such User Information with 
                the Group, strategic partners, investors, suppliers, and service providers 
                as the case maybe or ;
(d) The User Information may be disclosed to Key shareholders, board, investors 
                (debt or equity), legal or financial advisors. The User Information may 
                be disclosed to the employees, contractors, vendors, partners or the Group 
                organizations on a need-to-know basis in order to undertake process on the 
                behalf of the Company and/or to facilitate smooth functioning of our services, 
                such as providing payment function, supply chain, network services, IT support, 
                customer service etc.;
(e) We may share Your data with our Ad Partners, vendors, customers, data partners, 
                measurement companies, influencer marketing agencies and/or brand partners for 
                influencer marketing, and other third parties we partner with for providing our 
                products and services including for facilitating and fulfilling Your purchase of 
                products from the Platform. If an advertisement or monetization transactions are 
                made available to You through advertising channels of Shop 101 Platform and/or its 
                Group, Platform may share Your data obtained by Platform with the Group for such 
                advertising purposes.
(f) Any legal, governmental, or regulatory authority if it is required to comply with any 
                    legal order or process, issued or commenced, in accordance with the applicable laws.
We will share Your User information with third parties only in the ways that are 
                    described in this Policy. We may use the individual data and behaviour patterns 
                    combined with personal Information to provide You with personalized content, and 
                    better Your learning objectives.The Company may provide and utilise the User 
                    Information and data collected to certain third parties for undertaking data 
                    analysis via third party analytical tools. The third-party analytical tools are 
                    utilised in order to analyse the data and information to personalize, drive insights 
                    and thereby provide a better performance, improve the quality of features and provide 
                    seamless services to the User.
You acknowledge that some of the recipients of Your
                    information may be located outside Your country of
                    residence. Where we transfer Your information to such third
                    parties, we will endeavour to ensure that Your information
                    remains secure from unauthorized disclosure or theft. To
                    the extent required under data privacy laws of the
                    applicable jurisdiction, we may transfer such information
                    pursuant to consent or through applicable data protection
                    agreements or other mechanisms permitted under such laws.
SECURITY PRECAUTIONS
To prevent any form of unlawful interception or misuse of User
                Information, We use reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial
                procedures to safeguard and secure the User Information collected. We
                use reasonably secure and technologically appropriate measures, in
                compliance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules
                related thereto to protect You against loss or misuse of Your
                applicable User Information including internal reviews of data
                collection, storage and processing practices and other reasonable
                security measures which are equivalent to security measures that
                Shop101 uses to protect its own confidential information. We have in
                place a secure server for all Your transactions on the Platform, which,
                if required to be accessed, are accessible only by the authorized
                personnel of Shop101. However, as You are aware, no internet site/mobile
                based application is completely free of security risks, and We do not
                make any representation in respect of the same.
We do not warrant that Our Platform or any electronic communication
                made by Us is free from virus or other harmful effects. In the event of
                any errors in transmission or in the event of Our Platform being
                inaccessible due to an act of any third-party or due to any outage, or
                any technical or technological failure, or similar reasons beyond our
                control, We shall not be held liable or responsible for any losses/
                damages incurred by You, and You agree that You will not have any
                claims against us regarding the same. You explicitly agree that Your
                use of the Platform and/or services is at Your own individual risk. You
                agree and confirm that Your User Information may be collected, used,
                transferred, processed and stored in the manner stipulated in this
                Privacy Policy. You hereby confirm that You have been made aware of the
                security measures undertaken by Us and You expressly consent to Us
                collecting, storing, handling, processing and using Your User
                Information.
Links to other third-party sites
The Platform may provide third-party information and links to other
                    platforms that are not part of the Group including but not limited to payment gateways or social
                    networking platforms. Shop101 is not responsible for any form of
                    transmission, whatsoever, received by You from any third-party
                    platform and accordingly does not make any representations
                    concerning the privacy practices or other policies of such third
                    party Platforms. Under no circumstances shall Shop101 be deemed to
                    control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the
                    information, data, text, software, sound, photographs, graphics,
                    videos, cookies, messages or other materials available on such
                    platforms. Any User Information provided by You to such third-party
                    Platforms shall be governed in accordance with the privacy policies
                    of such platforms and it is recommended that You review the privacy
                    policy of such platforms prior to using such platforms.
Data Retention Guideline
Company may retain device information for a period of up to 48
                    months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
With respect to the account information, registration data and/or
                    addresses provided for facilitating purchase of products, the same
                    will be retained until Your specific instructions to delete such
                    data. You can place this request to delete Your data by writing to
                    us at privacy@shop101.com Company may retain transaction data and
                    certain account information of Yours as may be required to comply
                    with its legal obligations, resolve disputes (including billing)
                    and enforce agreements.
Company may retain the information it obtains about You as per the
                    instructions of its customers or partners who provide such
                    information or as required to fulfil our legal, compliance and
                    contractual obligations
After the applicable retention period, Company may retain and use
                    such data in an aggregated format, as necessary for internal
                    analytical purposes, to comply with its legal obligations, resolve
                    disputes (including billing) and enforce agreements.
Change in Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update, modify and amend any of the terms
                    of Our Privacy Policy, at any time without prior intimation to You.
                    We will post these changes on Our Platform for Your information.
                    These changes will become effective immediately on posting. We
                    shall not be liable for any failure or negligence on Your part to
                    review the updated Privacy Policy before accessing or availing the
                    Platform for availing the services. Your continued use of the
                    Platform, following changes to the Privacy Policy, will constitute
                    Your acceptance of those changes.
Intellectual Property rights
Our Platform and all Content on Our Platform, including graphics,
                    text, icons, interfaces, audio clips, logos, images, reviews,
                    comments and software is the property of Shop101 and/or its Content
                    suppliers and is protected by Indian and international copyright
                    laws. Any use, including the reproduction, modification,
                    distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance,
                    of the Content on this Platform can only be made with the express
                    permission of Shop101. All other trademarks, brands and copyrights
                    other than those belonging to Shop101, belong to their respective
                    owners and are their property.
Force Majeure
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Privacy Policy or
                    elsewhere, Shop101 shall not be held responsible for any loss,
                    damage or misuse of Your User Information, if such loss, damage or
                    misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event. A "Force Majeure
                    Event" shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control
                    of Shop101 and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire,
                    flood, explosion, pandemic, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes
                    or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of
                    government, computer hacking, technical snags, outage, unauthorized
                    access to computer data and storage device, technical snags and
                    breach of security and encryption.
Disclosures Required By Law
Shop101 reserves the right to disclose User Information when
                    required by law. We will disclose such User Information wherein We
                    have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to comply with a
                    court order, ongoing judicial proceeding, or other legal process
                    served on Us or to exercise Our legal rights or defend against
                    legal claims.
Contacting the Platform
If You have any questions, or grievances regarding (i) this Privacy
                    Policy; (ii) practices of this Platform, or (iii) Your dealings
                    with this Platform or believe that We have not adhered to it or
                    (iv) wish to unsubscribe from receiving communications via SMS, calls and email or (v)
                    wish to exercise Your rights, as granted under the applicable
                    privacy laws, You can contact us at
privacy@shop101.com
and/or the
                    Grievance Officer at
grievance@glance.com
Alternatively, You can chat with us on the help desk chat option
                    available in the Application.
The Grievance Officer is identified above pursuant to the
                    provisions of applicable laws including but not limited to the
                    Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Consumer Protection Act,
                    2019, and the Rules enacted under those laws.
This Privacy Policy shall be read in conjunction with the
                            Platform’s Terms of Service and all the relevant provisions
                            of the Platform’s Terms of Service (including but not
                            limited to indemnification, limitation of liability,
                            governing law and dispute resolution) shall mutatis
                            mutandis apply to this Privacy Policy and be deemed to be
                            incorporated herein by reference.