Recruit | Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Company is committed to protecting the privacy of the user(s) (“You” / “Your”) on the website
https://qjobsindia.com/
and the App and strives to provide a safe, secure user experience on the website and the App. This Privacy Policy sets forth the online data collection, usage policies and practices that apply to this web site and App. This Privacy Policy provides a detailed information as to managing Your personal information and sets out how and when personal information is collected, used, shared, and secured as well as your option regarding use, access, and correction of Your personal information.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) specifies the collection, utilization, and disclosure of the information that You submits to us on the website / App during interaction with us on the website and/or App. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information the You provide to third parties hosted on the App or the website.
By using this website and/or App, You agree to the collection, use and transfer of your data as described in this Privacy Policy. You may revoke your consent to this policy. To revoke your consent, please contact us at
qjobs@quesscorp.com
If you revoke your consent, your account and profile information will be deleted from our website/ App.
Scope of this Policy
This policy applies to
https://qjobsindia.com/
(“website” or “Qjobs”) and the Mobile Application (“app”/ “application”) thereof which is owned and operated by the company, Billion Careers Private Limited (”Company”).
Collection and Retention of Information
Personal information collected when you interact with us on the website and/or App or contact us to do so. During such an interaction, you may be asked to provide information such as:
Your name, email address, postal address, phone number and location,
Your gender, age, race, ethnicity etc. (some employers are required by law to collect this information on a voluntary basis)
Your IP address, operating system, or phone information, may also be collected.
Your job profile, educational qualification, salary details, skills, languages known and resume including job experience
The digital information You use to apply to jobs on website/App
Information imported by You from third party applications for visiting website/App;
Information you provide to us when you communicate with Qjobs
Information about Your profession/business, such as professional expertise / company name, size, and business type.
We also collect the information about how you interact with our website Service, This information may include your IP address, geographical location, mobile phone type, length of visit, pages viewed, and items clicked.
We may ask you to share images for visual identity verification, personalization and to create a enhanced user profile.
We may ask your personal Identifier document(s) for verification purposes with respect to specific services opted by you on the website / App at your sole discretion.
When You give location permission, we access information that is derived from your GPS. We may use third-party cookies and similar technologies to collect some of this information.
You can correct or remove this information by accessing your information on the website / App or can contact at
qjobs@quesscorp.com
. We also collect information from you in the following ways: Single Sign-on: If you choose to sign in to website with Facebook or similar services, we import the requested information from your account and we make it part of your profile.
If You opt to login / access to the website / App with Facebook, Google or similar sites, we import the information that you choose to share with us by installing the application or logging into that platform or online site, and we make it part of your profile.
Usage of Your Information
The information collected on the website used for the purposes of:
providing our website/App services
responding to any queries you may have as a website user;
operating and improving the website;
delivering the products and services that we offer to users/ jobseekers and employers/recruiters
The website/App use personal data for legitimate interests, namely:
To operate website services;
To contact and communicate with You
To analyze, improve and optimize website services; and
To protect website Services and the rights of users and employers
To enforce terms of website services and prevent fraud and abuse of Qjobs website systems
By submitting your information or profile with the website / App, You have consented us to use your information in the following ways to provide you with our services, which includes;
To create Your profile, including any resume you create or upload
To enable you to search for jobs and share them with others;
To enable you to apply for jobs
To help potential employers/ recruiters find your resume and contact you;
To make purchases, for any career services, if any
To enable you to contact us and for us to respond to you;
To provide recruitment messages from employers, if any
To contact you with service-related communications and security updates
To provide information about you and your interest in job postings to employers/recruiters;
To provide website products and services to employers for the employment/recruitment and hiring process;
For Marketing Purpose
to provide personalized, targeted, or location-based content, services, and advertising from the Company and third parties;
to send you job alerts, newsletters, career advice, or other marketing communications you have opted in to receive;
to inform you of other products or services available from the Company or its affiliates;
to conduct surveys, promotions and contests, and to publish the results thereof;
To improve our website/App services
to give search engines access to public information;
to conduct analytics and generate internal reports about the use of our website/App;
to track which jobs you search for, view, and apply to jobs
For security and fraud prevention
To detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal; and
To make suggestions and draw inferences about you.
Information you submit will be accessed, used, and stored by Employers. While the Company adopts appropriate measures to safeguard Your information from unauthorized access or inappropriate use by the Company does not control these third parties and we are not responsible for their use of information you provide to us. In view of the above, you should ensure that you do not post sensitive information, or any other information you would not want made public, with the website / App or to a public website.
Our services include the display of job postings of the employers and content relating to your career experience and interests. We use data we have about you to determine whether you might be interested in the career opportunities or, products or services of a particular Employer.
Anonymous Information about all the Visitors at Website /App
We gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services users access the most. We only use such data anonymously and in the aggregate. This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for You. We may share this information with our partners, but only in the aggregate, so that they too may understand how website visitors use our website, and also create a better overall experience for You.
We do not disclose information about your individual visits to the website to any outside parties, except when to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations or in legal proceedings when such information is required for legal purpose
Information specific about you
We retain your personal information to assist in your career including finding jobs or to facilitate other services to You. We may also ask you for other information, the types of jobs you are interested in etc. in an effort to deliver to you the best possible website experience.
Use and Disclosure of the Information
We provide you with the website to disclose information about yourself to maximize your career opportunities. The information we collect from You may be shared with the following Parties:
Employers and recruiters when you opt for apply to a job;
Others to provide services on behalf of the Company;
Other third parties where required by law;
Other third parties when you give your consent to such sharing such as for Qjobs services / Qjobs Career services;
By applying to a job, providing Your contact information to show interest in a job, or by replying to a message from an employer or recruiter. You consent to the disclosure of your information to that employer / recruiter and to be contacted by such employer / recruiter for employment related purposes.
We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the website / App, current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered and may also provide additional communications and information on new opportunities, apply to relevant employer job postings which may be of interest to you.
We may share your personal information with our parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates
No use of Your information for Direct Marketing Purposes
The website / App does not disclose your contact information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your consent unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure. We also share information in the following manner:
We share your information to employers who have posted job opportunities that may be of interest to you on the website / App when you apply for those jobs.
We share your information with third parties who help us in the delivery of our products and services to you like hosting our web servers, analyzing data, processing card payments, and providing You the customer service. These service providers will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their obligations but not use that data for any other purpose.
Your information is disclosed to employers and recruiters when you apply for jobs. We may aggregate information (including location data) about visitors to the Qjobs. We may also aggregate on an anonymous basis data regarding job qualifications, schooling, age, experience level or other information relevant to the job search of job seekers for any such job. Such aggregated data does not identify users individually. We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf.
We disclose information if legally required to do so, or at our discretion pursuant to a request from a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith after considering your privacy interests and other factors that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public. We may disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires any or all of Company's business units, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets.
Resume/Profile submission
We give you the option of submitting your profile / resume in our Website /App.
You store your resume / profile in our website/ App and allow access by potential employers or recruiters when you apply for the jobs. We limit access to your Profile / Resume to legitimate users such as employers, recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters and human resource professionals, as well as law enforcement and national security agencies, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not gain access to this website/App
However, employers, recruiters and others who have access to Your information, as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your resume/profile in their own systems or databases. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that parties other than those mentioned above will not, without our consent, gain access to this website/App the Company is not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of your profile /resume by any third parties. We cannot control the retention, use or privacy of your resume or profile that have been downloaded by third parties. Accordingly, you should not put sensitive information, personality profiles, or other information you would not want made public, in your profile / resume.
If you provide us with details of a reference, it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have forwarded his/her details and has consented in writing for you to do so.
If you submit your resume/profile in Qjobs, then you will be providing us with personal data we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your profile / resume must not contain sensitive data relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) physical or mental health or genetic makeup (vi) addictions, sexual life (vii) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings and associated penalties or fines, or (viii) any Social Security Number or national identification number
No Impersonation or False Information to be Provided
You have to use your actual name on the Platform, you are required to input your correct phone number to use our Services. You will be getting a job based on your Qjobs account. You will not falsely represent yourself as another person or representative of another person to use our Services. You will not provide any incorrect or wrong details, for any reason
Correction/Update of your Information
We want to have your personal information is complete, accurate and up to date. The Company allows you to change or correct or update your personal information at any time. To do so, simply write us email at
qjobs@quesscorp.com
Storage, Retention and Access of Your Personal Information
We retain all the information you submit about you in an effort to make use of website/App more practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal information. We may retain your information for as long as you consent us for that or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements/arrangement.
If you are inactive in website / App for six months or more then we may remove your profile/resume.
Information about your Personal Data
You can obtain the personal information you have provided to Qjobs. You may request for your personal information at
qjobs@quesscorp.com
If you have not submitted your information to Qjobs, or if you believe that someone else has provided with your information, please contact us emailing us at
qjobs@quesscorp.com
Your Rights about Use of Your Information
You have the right to access, correct, update, and change or delete your account profile information or resume at any time; right to object; right to restrict processing of your information and right to data portability for which you write to us at email ID
qjobs@quesscorp.com
.
We reserve the right to verify and authenticate your identity and the personal information. Access to or correction, updating or deletion of your personal information may be denied or limited by the Company if permitted by applicable law. We will respond to your requests about information access or other rights within 30 days of receipt or within the time period required by applicable law.
We may retain your personal data even after you have requested deletion of your account or personal information if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, investigate security incidents, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our user agreement.
We may retain anonymized information after your information has been deleted.
If you previously opted to receive newsletters, commercial e-mails or other communications from Qjobs or third parties, but subsequently change your mind, you may opt-out by writing to us at email
qjobs@quesscorp.com
. If you previously opted not to receive such communications, you may later opt-in by writing us to at the email ID
qjobs@quesscorp.com
.
Website/App Database
The information you provide is stored on the Qjobs database. To provide you with the highest quality service the Qjobs database is located in India. Billion Careers Private Limited is a company incorporated and registered under the Companies Act, 2013 bearing Corporate Identification Number U74140KA2021PTC154916 having its registered office at 3/3/2, Bellandur Gate, Sarjapur Road, Bangalore – 560103 India, is the legal entity determining the purposes and means of processing the information gathered on Qjobs website and applications and is the data controller of all data it collects from you. The Company is also a data controller of personal data collected on its website (site).
Security & Protection of Information
You are responsible for ensuring that your log-in credentials (your username and password) are kept confidential.
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, Your name, password, transaction information and data stored on our Website / App.
The Company has implemented technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. Notwithstanding such measures, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Moreover, one of our primary purposes is to provide you with a platform to provide the information in your resume and profile to Employers when you apply for jobs. Such an environment does present a risk of the said third parties will view this data.  Further, your resume should not contain any sensitive information/data that you would not want to make public.
We also use cookies to administer our site and deliver a personalized experience. For additional detailed information on each of these, please see below.
Children
We do not specifically collect information about children. We believe that children should get their parent’s consent before giving out personal information. The website / App Services do not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. In the case we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our website /App servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
Legal and Contact Information
If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Statement or believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Statement, please feel free to contact us online at email ID Legalsupport@quesscorp.com or at:
By post / mail :
Legal Department,
Billion Careers Private Limited
3/3/2, Bellandur Gate, Sarjapur Road, Bangalore – 560103 India
We will use reasonable efforts to answer promptly your question or resolve your problem.
Users in the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in their respective country.
Changes to Privacy Policy
This policy may change from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). To protect your interests, please visit this page periodically to review the current terms of Privacy Policy
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service
The Company and its affiliates use cookies on the Qjobs website to analyze trends, administer websites, track user’s movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Cookies help personalize and maximize your use of our site, including storing user preferences, improving search results and ad selection, and tracking user trends. You can control your cookies at the browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
We use the following types of cookies:
Security: These cookies allow us to secure access to your account.
Preference: These cookies are used to store your preferences like language choice and display of job search results.
Analytics: We track traffic patterns so we can identify popular content and potential problems.
Features: We track which jobs you search for, view, and apply to so we can show you more jobs like those. We also use cookies to split some users into test groups to test new features.
Advertising: We use non-identifiable information about you to show you advertising on Qjobs website and third party sites.
The Website /App does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the website / App
Google Play Services
Clevertap
Facebook
Fabric
Smart look
Update effective: Auguat, 2023