Ukulele Wave - Privacy
UkuleleWave's Privacy policy
Short Version
We do not collect or share any personal information about our Android users, never.
    If we request sensitive permissions (like "RECORD_AUDIO" on the "Pocket Ukulele Tuner"), it's only because App would now work without.
In addition, we use 3rd-Party solutions to track App usage (Google Analytics), trace bugs (Crashlytics by Fabric, Firebase by Google), or display ads (AdMob, Mopub, Glipsa, etc.).
    As a result, 3rd-Party servers will be informed that you have used our App. We have no knowledge of what content is transmitted.
    We do, however, only use GDPR-compliant solutions.
Long Version
As the operators of this Android App, we take the protection of your data very seriously.
    We keep your personal information confidential in accordance with all applicable legal provisions and this data protection statement.
You can exercise your right to access and make changes to your personal information by reaching out to us at mobile@ukulelewave.com.
    You can adjust your settings to allow App visit statistics and targeted advertising, tailored to your personal interests.
    These settings can be accessed from the App.
In general, our App is fully accessible without providing any personal data.
    In the event that our App does request personal information (such as your name, postal or e-mail addresses, etc.), we ensure that providing such information is voluntary,
    whenever possible. Moreover, this data is never given to third parties without your express consent.
    The following statement provides an overview of the types of data we collect, how this data is used and transmitted,
    what security measures we take to ensure that your data is protected and how you can learn more about the information you’ve transmitted to us.
Nevertheless, we must advise that any data transmitted over the internet (e-mail communications, for example) may be vulnerable to security threats.
    Seamless data protection against third party intruders is not possible.
Collection and Retention of Personal Information
In general, our App can be used without communicating your personal data.
    We do, however, record your IP address and information regarding the device used to access our App.
    All other personal information (such as your name, postal and e-mail addresses, etc.) is communicated to us on a strictly voluntary basis,
    as part of an application or registration process, for example. We never share your personal data with third parties.
    Personal information relating to our members cannot be stored beyond the length of their membership.
However, all data which establishes proof of ownership, proof of a contract or which must be kept in compliance with a legal obligation may be subject to an intermediate archiving policy.
    Such information shall only be retained for the minimum period required by law, in accordance with all applicable provisions for the nature of the data in question.
Web Analysis Tools Privacy Policy
We use
Google Analytics
,
    a web-based analysis service provided by Google Inc.
    The information collected by this service regarding your site usage is transmitted to a server where it is stored.
    This information is used to evaluate how the site is used, to generate reports regarding the App's audience and activity and to provide other information regarding site
    and internet usage for market studies aimed at meeting user needs and enhancing user experience.
    The IP address provided to Google Analytics is not aggregated with other Google data.
    These IP addresses are rendered anonymous, thus ensuring that identification is impossible (IP Masking).
Exclusive Member Areas
To access certain features of the App, you’ll need to create a member account.
    When creating your account, we record your IP address, e-mail address, date of birth, gender and country of residence.
    Other information may be communicated to us on a voluntary basis (first and last name, city, etc.).
    Each time you connect to our App, we record your IP address for legal purposes, in accordance with our Terms of Use. This data is not communicated to any third parties.
The data you share in the member area can be erased or modified at any time within the member area.
Newsletter Data/Partner Offers
If you would like to receive a newsletter or any of our partner offers, you must first create a member account.
    We will require your e-mail address, as well as information allowing us to verify that you are the rightful owner of the provided address.
    In addition, you must provide express consent to receive the aforementioned newsletter(s) and/or partner offers.
    We use this information exclusively to send you the information you have requested, and it is not communicated to any third parties.
Contact Form
When you make a request using our contact form, the information you provide on said form, as well as your IP address,
    will be retained by us so that we may resolve the matter in question and respond to any additional questions which may arise.
    We will not transmit this data without your express and prior consent.
Information, Removal, Modification
At all times, you have the right to freely access any personal data belonging to you which has been stored,
    to know who has had access to the aforementioned data and to know why it was initially been recorded, as well as to modify, block or remove this information.
    The data you share in the member area can be erased or modified at any time within the member area.
    For all other questions relating to your personal information, please contact us at the address indicated in our legal data.
Privacy Policy Validity
This Data Protection Statement is currently valid and originally dated July 19, 2017. Updated May 5, 2018