Privacy Policy – PXL APPS
Toggle navigation
Home
Applications
Sound Effects
Support
Blog
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Information
Terms of Use
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal FAQ
Disclaimer
Last modified:
May 24, 2018
Respecting your privacy is important to us. Since the creation of PXL APPS, we wanted to provide our Services while ensuring compliance with the key principles of confidentiality.
Our Privacy Policy lists the information we collect, explain why we collect it, what we do with it and the steps taken to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Unless otherwise stated, when we mention “PXL APPS / our / we / us”, we refer to the PXL APPS company. This Privacy Policy applies to our “Services”, that is to say all of our applications, services, products, softwares, features and websites.
Please check the
PXL APPS Terms of use
describing the terms governing your use of our Services.
Information we collect
PXL APPS receives or collects information when we operate and provide our Services, including when you install, access or use them.
Information you give us
You may provide us with certain information when using our Services.
Your account information.
If you create an account. You provide us with your email address, your name and a password. You can also add more information to your account, such as a profile name or a profile picture.
Customer support.
You may provide us with information about your use of our Services, and how to contact you so we can provide you efficient customer support. For example, you may send us an email with information about our application performances or other issues.
Other information.
You may also provide us with information when you subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey or a marketing communication.
Information we collect automatically
We collect certain information automatically when you use our Services.
Log files.
We collect information about services, diagnostics and performances. This includes information about your activity (such as how you use our Services, etc.) and log files, as well as diagnostic, crash, website and performance logs and reports.
Device information.
We collect device-specific information when you install, access, or use our Services. This includes information such as the hardware model, the version of the OS or the browser, IP address, information about the mobile network, including the telephone number, and unique device identifiers. We may associate your device identifiers to your account.
Location information.
We collect location information from the device if you use our localization features, and for diagnostic and troubleshooting related to these functionalities. Our Services use third-party API (such as Google Maps or Core Location) to search for your location. Using our Services, you are also bound to the terms of use and privacy policy of such third-party services.
Cookies.
We use cookies to operate and provide our Services, to improve your experience, to understand how our Services are used and to customize them. In addition, we may use cookies to remember your choices, such as your language preferences, etc. Check our
Cookie Policy
to learn more about how we use cookies to provide you our Services.
Analytics information.
We use third-party analytics tools (such as Google Analytics or Firebase) to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our Services. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Services, including the pages you visit, and other information that assists us in improving our Services. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User.
Information from third-parties
Information given to us by users.
We receive information provided by other users, which may include information about you. For example, a user may report inappropriate content on your profile.
Information third-party providers give us.
We work with third-party providers to help us operate, provide, understand, customize, improve, support, distribute and commercialize our Services. In certain circumstances, these providers may provide us with information about you. For example, application stores may give reports to help us diagnose and fix some issues. Similarly, if you pay for our Services, we may receive information and confirmations, such as payment receipts, including from application stores or other third parties processing your payment.
How we use information we collect
We use all available information to help us operate, provide, understand, customize, improve, support, distribute and commercialize our Services.
Our Services.
We analyze and use the information we have to evaluate, fix, customize and improve our Services, as well as to research, develop and test new services and features. We also use your information to respond when you contact us. We use cookies to provide you with a better user experience and to improve the quality of our Services.
Safety & security.
We perform a verification of accounts and activities, and guarantee security through and as well as outside our Services. For example, We may examine any suspicious activity or violations of our Terms of use and ensure that our Services are used legally.
Communications about our Services.
We communicate with you about our Services, and we let you know about our Terms and Policies as well as important updates. We may also send you advertising contents for our Services.
Third-party ads.
We may display advertising content (banners, interstitials, etc.) from third-party advertising platforms (such as Google AdSense or Admob) on our Services. These platforms may use cookies and your advertising ID to provide you with more relevant ads. We make sure to use high quality advertising platforms to provide a positive user experience.
Any use of data for purposes other than those set out in this Privacy Policy will require your explicit consent.
Information you/we share
You share your information when you use our Services, and we share your information to help us operate, provide, understand, customize, improve, support, distribute and commercialize our Services.
Account information.
Your profile name and photo may be available to anyone who uses our Services, but you can configure your Services settings to manage certain information available to other users.
Third-party providers.
We work with third-party providers to help us operate, provide, understand, customize, improve, support, distribute and commercialize our Services. When we share information with third-party providers, we require them to use your information in accordance with our instructions and terms or with your express permission.
Third-party services.
When you use third-party services integrated with our Services, they may directly receive information about what you communicate to them. For example, if you use a storage service (such as iCloud or Google Drive), or a sharing service (such as Facebook or Twitter) built into our Services, it may receive information about the data you send to them. Please note that when you interact with third-party services, their own terms of use and privacy policy govern your use of these services.
Law and protection
We may collect, use, store and share personal information if we believe in good faith that the access, use, protection or disclosure of such data is reasonably warranted to: (1) respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, to legal process, or to government requests; (2) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations; (3) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (4) protect the rights, property and safety of PXL APPS, our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
Merger/acquisition/transfer
In the event that PXL APPS participates in a merger, acquisition or other form of asset transfer, we undertake to guarantee the confidentiality of your personal data and to inform you before they are transferred or subject to new privacy rules.
How you can manage your information
If you have an account, you can at any time manage, edit, limit or remove your information:
Services settings.
You can change your Services settings to manage certain information that is accessible to others.
Update your profile.
You can change your name, photo, and other profile information.
Delete your account.
You can delete your account by using the dedicated feature. When you delete your account, your personal information is removed from our servers, as well as any other information we no longer need to provide and operate our Services.
Data security
We implement all security measures necessary to protect PXL APPS and our users from unauthorized access, modification, disclosure or destruction of the data we hold.
Storing and processing of your information
We process your personal information on servers located in many countries around the world. Your personal information may therefore be processed on a server outside your country of residence. You acknowledge that the laws, regulations and standards of the country in which your information is stored or processed may differ from those of your country.
Children's privacy
We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
Policy update
We may update our Privacy Policy. In that case, we will update the “last modified” date. In the event of a major update, we will send you a notice of the changes. By continuing to use our Services, you confirm your acceptance of our Privacy Policy as amended. Feel free to read regularly our Privacy Policy.
Contact us
For questions about our Privacy Policy, please
contact us
.
Follow Us
Recent Posts
Bienvenue sur notre nouveau blog !
18 April 2018
Welcome to our new Blog!
18 April 2018
Legal Notices
Information
Terms of Use
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Copyright © 2018 PXL APPS