Privacy Policy – TPN DEV
Skip to content
TPN DEV
Photos collage apps, Camera apps, apps for android
Menu
Home
About
New Apps
Most Popular Apps
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We believe your privacy is important. To fulfill our commitment to respecting and protecting your privacy, we will adhere to the following principles:
CATEGORY
SUMMARY
DETAILS
1. LOCATION
We do not access your precise location.
We do not collect, use or share your precise geographic location. We use your location (your country) for advertising purpose.
We do not store your location history.
2. ACCESS
2.1 This app requests to read/write to phone storage:
This app is a photography app. So it needs to read/write the photo/video from/to your phone (including internal storage and external storage). We do not use your photo for the other purposes. We also do not share the photo to the third party
2.2 This app requests to open the phone’s camera to take a photo or capture a video:
This app is a photography app. So it needs to access the phone’s camera to take a picture or capture a video. This is a feature of this app. User fully control/monitor what phone’s camera is capturing. We do not use the camera for other purpost. We also do not share the photo/video to the third party.
3
. AD TRACKING
3.1 No ad companies collect data through our service:
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting
3.2 Ad companies collect anonymous data. You can opt out.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
4. SECURITY
4.1 We take steps to protect personal information:
– We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
– Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
4.2 We take detailed steps to protect personal information.
–  We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal information you input, and storing your information in encrypted form behind a firewall designed to block access from outside our network. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
– Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...
More apps on google plays
https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=TNP%20Dev&hl=en
Search for:
Recent Posts
Draw and Paint
March 12, 2017
Blur PIP Collage
March 12, 2017
Kid Photo Frame
March 12, 2017
Lovely Frames
March 12, 2017
Collage
March 12, 2017
Archives
March 2017
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Subscribe
Subscribed
TPN DEV
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
TPN DEV
Customize
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d