Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Monday 25 February 2019
Dragster Production (We, Us, Our) prioritise and respects the privacy for app users. We take user privacy seriously therefore, this privacy statement hereinafter developed for app users. This policy explains all aspects about how we collect, use and protect information about utilisation and retention of data.
Please take a few moments to read this privacy statement for your understanding that by installing and giving permissions to use this app services means you are using app services with your consent to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
Terms & Conditions
Following Terms & Conditions are explained about what information we get and why:
PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Personal data means information through which a person is identifiable; we do not collect retain or share such information.
Our app only access required information after user permission for proper functionality of app. This information is only used by this app to provide better user experience on content for user engagement.
NON PERSONAL DATA
Dragster Production may collect non personal information to use in following circumstances:
In order to have a better understanding for user behaviour, to resolve issues and problems in this app services, to improve this app, services and for advertisements.
Non personal information data requirements may include detail about installed application name and package name, the data of installed apps, frequency of the usage, country location, tools and station.
NO LOGIN INFORMATION
We do not collect, upload or share information like app user name, date of birth or passwords through this app.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION
We are committed to secure all information of app users. Thus we strive continuously to use commercially acceptable measures to protect and secure it. Keep in consideration that all information is not fully secure over the internet. We therefore suggest not to share your personal information unless it is necessarily required to fulfil your own personal purposes.
THIRD PARTY TERMS
We are not directly associated to any third party. We never share partial or whole information to any third party through which you can be identified personally.
Functions of this app are designed for app user’s personal purpose only. While a user uses app, we do not access collect or share personal information to third parties.
ADVERTISING
We use Google Admob to display advertisements in our application. If you want to have more understanding, please refer to AdMob by Google – Google Privacy.
CHILDREN PRIVACY:
We do not intentionally collect any information from children under age of 13 years. To ensure commitment to children privacy we immediately delete such information upon identification if the information is provided by children under 13.
COOKIES
Cookies are small amount of data commonly used as unique identifiers. These are sent from websites that you visit. These cookies stored in internal memory of your device.
These “Cookies” are not used by this service unambiguously. You can disable cookies.
PERMISSIONS
ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
This permission allow us to access information about network.
ACCESS WIFI
It is necessary to access local network and internet connection for advertisement.
READ_WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE:
This permission is required to access phone storage and to make changes into user’s device storage.
CAMERA:
This permission allow our apps to take photos by user’s device camera. To help you access and use camera to take pictures, record Video.
Bluetooth:
This permission is required to send and receive information to clone phone.
Access Location:
This permission is required to access device location to show nearby available devices.
SMS Permission:
1) Read SMS
2) Write SMS
3)Receive SMS
We only need these permissions for making default sms app to restore sms backups
UPDATE IN PRIVACY POLICY
Our policy may update or change from time to time. Such changes be reflected at the top of changes in privacy policy so that it may easily be reviewed by users.
CONTACT US
You may contact us for queries directly at developer.android.arslan@gmail.com
Posted by
Dragster Production Privacy Policy
at
08:03
No comments:
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
About Me
Dragster Production Privacy Policy
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
▼
2019
(1)
▼
February
(1)
Dragster Production (We, Us, Our) prioritise and r...
Simple theme. Powered by
Blogger
.