RTO Vehicle Information
Home
About
Features
How It Works
Screens
Reviews
Stories
Privacy Policy
Get The App
1. Privacy policy
User information collected by RTO Vehicle Information during the operation of the app is covered by the Privacy Policy. As a leader in the industry, RTO Vehicle Information holds itself to very high standards, which are reflected in our Privacy Policy. Your personal information is collected, used, maintained, and protected by RTO Vehicle Information App in accordance with all relevant national laws as well as its privacy standards.
Your personal information may be processed or stored on the servers of RTO Vehicle Information in India. This policy may change from time to time. If you continue to use the RTO Vehicle Information Services after such changes are made, you will be deemed to have agreed to the changes.
2. User information we collect
The following types of data and information are collected by RTO Vehicle Information from and about users of our services:
User Information/Data:
RTO Vehicle Information may collect information provided by users such as username, email address, mobile number, city name, and type of vehicle.
Vehicle Information/Data:
RTO vehicle information may collect user-specific vehicle information from government Parivahan services that are made available to the general public.
User's personal information:
Personal information is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual, whether we have or is likely to have, or both. Information that has been anonymized or aggregated so that it cannot be used to identify a specific individual, whether alone or in combination with other data, is not included in our definition of personal information. Details about the hardware you use to access our Services, your internet connection, and how you use them.
3. How we use collected information ( Personal / Non-personal )
When you submit this data to us, we receive it directly from you. We may receive this information automatically when you use our Services (information collected automatically includes usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies).
Therefore, no personal information about users is either used for any commercial purpose or transferred to other parties, except for publicly available information by the government Parivahan service, unless the user has directly requested or formally agreed to it. If the App collects any personal information, the info is used exclusively to analyze statistical data for better functionality of the App. Such personal information is deleted from our servers as soon as it is no longer needed. Users of our app get access to the same information.
The RTO app agrees to disallow disclosure of any information made publicly available by the Government Parivahan Service and to follow the lead of the Government Parivahan Service unless the user has expressly authorized the use if he chooses to disclose part or all personal information. This knowledge If a user gives their consent, RTO Vehicle Information may disclose non-personal information about them to our trusted partners and affiliates who will comply with this Privacy Statement and any applicable laws. Personal information will be maintained in addition to non-personal information using RTO vehicle information. When a User interacts with and uses our App, non-personal information is collected and stored on our servers only momentarily.
4.  User privacy for their documents
To make it easier for our users, RTO Vehicle Information has added the ability to upload various documents. Any documents uploaded by the User will be saved on the backend server of the RTO Vehicle Information App with the permission of the User to facilitate the User's access and availability of those documents through the App. Under all conceivable circumstances that are within its control, RTO Vehicle Info App agrees to protect the confidentiality of these papers, and it will not disclose any submitted documents to any third party without the user's permission.
RTO Vehicle Information lets users enter information, using a manual flow on their app. By entering the information, the user is allowing RTO Vehicle Information to save the information on its backend system and use it to communicate with the user more effectively by recommending tailored services and goods. Under all conceivable circumstances that are within its control, RTO Vehicle Information agrees to protect the confidentiality of this data, and will not disclose it to any third party without the user's permission.
The app uses third-party services that may collect anonymous user data or publicly accessible data on government parivahan services. The following third-party service providers are linked below, and by using them, the User agrees to their privacy policies: Google Play Services, AdMob, OneSignal, Facebook and Firebase.
5.  Information that will be shared with third-party services
We may work with businesses and people from other sources for the following reasons:
To analyze how our Service is used, For Example, to deliver interest-based advertising based on theoretically modeled insights on visit patterns, to make it easier to provide our Service to you to help us. Users of the RTO App should be aware that any content or information they share on the App or through third-party connections on the App may be viewed by other Users and may be read, collected, and used by them. However, RTO Vehicle Information will not share any personal information of the User with any third party without the express permission of the User.
RTO Vehicle Info App has maintained business partnerships with external parties whose services complement our own and help us provide comprehensive and acceptable solutions to our users. It is entirely at the discretion of the user whether or not to click on these links and whether or not to use the services of any third-party entities.
Each third-party link a user clicks may direct them to a third-party app or website. Even though RTO Vehicle Information has made every effort to cooperate with the most well-known third-party companies, any transaction carried out by the User on these third-party platforms is between the User and the third-party company and RTO Vehicle Information will never be held liable.
While using the app, the RTO app may collect data and information (through third-party companies) in the form of log data on the user's phone. The user's device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, name, operating system version, the configuration of the App when using our Service, and the time and date of your use may all be included in this Log Data.
6. Protect your Personal Information
RTO Vehicle Info will take all necessary precautions to protect your personal data. RTO Vehicle Information shall not be held liable for any unauthorized access or use of data, notwithstanding the fact that we take all reasonable precautions to keep it secure on our systems. Any user review of our app is available to the general public and is in the public domain. Without prior approval, no part of the RTO Vehicle Information App may be loaded or linked to from any other app or website. No other apps, blogs or social media websites can link to the RTO vehicle information app without permission.
7. Action on promotional activity
RTO vehicle information reserves the right to provide push notifications with marketing material that will be linked to or associated with our app. However, customers will have the option to opt out of receiving these push alerts. RTO Vehicle Info App should not be held liable for sending these marketing and promotional push notifications. It only gives the User the option to opt out of receiving advertisements that are specifically tailored to them and to manage the information collected about them in order to display advertisements.
8. Reporting violations
The user acknowledges and agrees that RTO Vehicle Information App shall not be responsible for any direct or indirect damages of any kind resulting from the use or inability to use the app, or from the links' contents. By using this App, the User exclusively represents and agrees that the use of the App and any related issues shall be strictly governed by the laws in force in India.
RTO Vehicle Information is the only owner of the copyright and trademark for all of the content contained in this app. The user is not given permission to keep or transmit any content in any way or to reproduce or transmit any place, just because they have access to this app. RTO Vehicle Information reserves the right to periodically amend its privacy statement in accordance with management policy requirements or standards set forth by the Government of India.
9. Contacting us
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing email us at the address below:
RTO Care
Email :
info@rto.care
Thank You
©
2022
RTO Vehicle Information. All rights reserved
Feedback
FeedBack
E-mail & Phone Number
Description
Images
Send