Gym Fitness & Workout app Privacy Policy
Ir al contenido principal
Buscar este blog
Jappli Apps
Gym Fitness & Workout app Privacy Policy
Obtener vínculo
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Correo electrónico
Otras apps
septiembre 24, 2018
Privacy Policy
Javier leonardo Uñate Romero built the Gym Fitness & Workout app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Javier leonardo Uñate Romero at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Gym Fitness & Workout unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.
Our ofificial email address: leojlur14@hotmail.com
Obtener vínculo
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Correo electrónico
Otras apps
Comentarios
Publicar un comentario
Entradas más populares de este blog
Abs Workout for Women App Privacy Policy
julio 05, 2020
Privacy Policy   Javier Leonardo Uñate Romero built the Abs Workout for Women   app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by  Javier Leonardo Uñate Romero  at no cost and is intended for use as is.     This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.     If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.     The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Abs Workout for Women app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.     Information Collection and Use     For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain
Leer más
Swiss Ball Workout App Privacy Policy
julio 01, 2020
Privacy Policy   Javier Leonardo Uñate Romero built the Swiss Ball Workout   app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by  Javier Leonardo Uñate Romero  at no cost and is intended for use as is.     This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.     If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.     The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Swiss Ball Workout app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.     Information Collection and Use     For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain perso
Leer más
Con tecnología de Blogger
Imágenes del tema de
Michael Elkan
Jappli
Visitar perfil
Archivo
agosto 2022
1
febrero 2022
1
agosto 2020
6
julio 2020
6
junio 2020
6
mayo 2020
7
abril 2020
9
marzo 2020
6
julio 2019
1
mayo 2019
1
abril 2019
2
marzo 2019
4
febrero 2019
1
enero 2019
1
diciembre 2018
2
noviembre 2018
1
septiembre 2018
10
Mostrar más
Mostrar menos
Denunciar abuso