rocket vpn
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
rocket vpn
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy" or "Policy") sets forth the privacy practices of Rocket ("we" or "our") and applies to all services we provide through the entire suite of applications. This policy does not apply to any website, product or service of any third party company, even if the website is linked to (or from) our app or website. Be sure to review the privacy practices of any third-party companies before deciding whether to provide any information. By using our website or services, you accept the practices described in this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not access or use our website or services. Your continued use of our website or services will constitute your acceptance of this policy.
Information we automatically obtain
We automatically collect information about you and how you use the services, including
Device Information
Like most website operators, Rocket collects information about how users access our website and the devices they use. We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, device identifiers such as IDFA and UDID, and mobile network information). Rocket may associate your device identifier or other device information with your Rocket account to help us provide consistent services on your device.
Usage information
It is also a virtual server provider. For the sake of user privacy, Rocket only collects the minimum usage information, such as the number of server connections and the number of successful connections, diagnostic information and crash records of users during use, so that we can update It is good to find problems and provide targeted solutions, thereby improving the user's app experience.
Information we use
Here are some examples of how we use this information:
Provide, maintain and improve Rocket Services. The information we collect from you enables us to help you log in, host your content and use the various learning tools we have.
To improve, personalize and facilitate your use of the Services.
To measure, track and analyze trends and usage related to your usage or service performance. In order to develop and enhance our products and provide a consistent, secure and continuous experience, we need to collect certain information to analyze the use and performance of the services.
To fulfill any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with the Services
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
- To facilitate our Service;
- To provide the Service on our behalf;
- To perform Service-related services; or
- To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. If I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Privacy Policy Updates
This Policy may be revised from time to time at our sole discretion, so please check it regularly. Any change to this policy will be posted on the site. Your continued use of the Services following any such changes will be considered as you consent to the amended Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at empiraft@gmail.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse