Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy
applies to your use of the
Smart Mobile Tools
applications on all platforms.
By installing and using the apps, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not agree, please do not install and use the apps.
1. Non-personal Data
Non-personal data means information that, by itself, does not personally identify you. We may collect Non-personal data such as your device model number, operating system version, country code and other properties for purposes of managing the apps and communicating with you.
2. Ad serving Technology
We may disclose Non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect Non-personal data through their own embedded technology. In order to deliver ads to you, the third-party advertising companies may place or recognize unique cookies, anonymous identifiers or similar technology for non-personally identifiable information. If you would like more information, please follow the link below:
AdMob -
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Meta Audience Network -
https://www.facebook.com/ads/manage/audience_network/publisher_tos/
StartApp -
https://www.startapp.com/policy/privacy-policy/
3. Location Data
Some of the apps may request your Location data for a functional purpose. We may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. We do NOT provide your Location data for advertising networks and third parties.
4. Personal Data
Personal data means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address). We collect and store Personal data only with your consent. We may use your Personal data to send emails to you with informative content about the apps, such as new features and services, special offers, order issues and updated information.
5. Third party terms and conditions
Please note that your access to and use of the apps may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies. You recognize and agree that we is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and any third party’s use of your Personal data. Here are links to the privacy policies of a few of the distributors we use:
Google -
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
6. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
We disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other legal processes as well as to establish/exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will share Personal data and Non-personal data in order to investigate, prevent or take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.
7. Refund policies
You can get refund as follow Google Play policy -
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2479637#policy
.  After 48 hours from purchasing time, we will not refund for any purchasing transactions.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@pesoftvn.com
Last Update: October 13, 2022
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse