Privacy Policy | EduRev
EduRev
Home
Explore Courses
Pricing Plans
Partner Courses
Change Class/Exams
Doubts
My Profile
Switch to Infinity
View Analysis
Create Your Own Test
Raise a Demand
Report this question
Less
EduRev
All Courses
Get the App
Signup / Login
Sign in
Open App
EduRev - Privacy Policy
Last date when modified - January 30, 2022
Privacy Policy:
EduRev Inc are the owners of this website. We respect your right to privacy while being fully committed to fight spam. Please read the following statement to learn about our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Note
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.
        By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our website.
        By mere use of the website, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
EduRev may, in the course of or for the purpose of facilitating the provision of services to users, collect various personal information such as email addresses, names, phone numbers, mobile numbers, date of birth, home address, educational and professional qualifications, data shared on social networking sites, as well as responses to survey forms, contests, quizzes and other marketing and promotional activities organised by EduRev (“Personal Information”) The Personal Information you submit to receive information and Services from EduRev will never be disclosed to any third party. Although EduRev reserves the right to use your contact details (your email and contact number) to send you updates about feature updates and offers valid for you. Provided however, that EduRev may provide such Personal Information or part thereof, to the extent required to facilitate the performance of Services to users of EduRev's Services, to its employees, affiliate entities, franchisees, sub-contractors, collaborating universities or educational institutions, third party email service providers providing marketing support to EduRev, consultants etc., (“EduRev Associates”) each of which shall be under a strict obligation to maintain the confidentiality of such Personal Information. Provided further, that the obligation to maintain confidentiality of Personal Information will not extend to any information that was publicly known
        and generally available in the public domain prior to the time of disclosure by you; or to information which becomes publicly known and generally available after disclosure by you through no action or inaction of ours; information which is already in our possession at the time of disclosure by you; is obtained by us from a third party without a breach of such third party’s obligations of confidentiality.
We undertake not to provide any one other than EduRev Associates your contact details, including your e-mail ID, unless and until you enter it yourself. However, people / organizations whose e-mail IDs are obtained by us through this site may be included in our own mailing list for communications on our product / service innovations and relevant news. Recipients of such communications, however, will be free to unsubscribe from our mailing lists at any time simply when they using “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the mail.
        We also undertake not to make any individual or organization other than an EduRev Associate, privy to the contents of any correspondence with us irrespective of whether the correspondence is made electronically through this site or by conventional means.
Notwithstanding the above, with respect to all Users, EduRev and the EduRev Associates reserve the right to disclose any Personal Information, content, records, or electronic communication of any kind (including personal information transmitted through our site) in one or more of the following circumstance:
To comply with any law, regulation, or government order;
To help prevent and detect identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts;
If such disclosure is necessary to operate EduRev, or any of its business units, or EduRev Associates or for the purpose of providing joint or co-branded services with EduRev Associates;
In case we plan to merge with, or be acquired by another business entity, we may share or sell such information with such entity, or in case of re-organization, amalgamation, restructuring of business. Should such a transaction occur that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this or any equivalent privacy policy with respect to your personal information;
To protect the property and/or legitimate rights of EduRev or its associates, investors, customers, employees and suppliers.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer’s hard disk so that the website can remember who you are.
A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the ‘lifetime’ of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.
        When you visit our website we send you a cookie. Cookies may be used in the following ways:
To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our website and to allow us to tailor content or advertisements, including for the purpose of matching your preferred interests or to avoid showing you the same adverts repeatedly.
To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.
Two types of cookies may be used within this website: ‘session cookies’, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site, and ‘persistent cookies’, which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie).
Disabling/Enabling Cookies
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled.
There are a number of ways to manage cookies. If you use different computers in different locations you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
        Some modern browsers have a feature that will analyse website privacy policies and allow a user to control their privacy needs. These are known as ‘P3P’ features (Privacy Preferences Platform).
You can easily delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser. For example, if you are using Microsoft Windows Explorer:
Open Windows Explorer
Click on the Search button on the Tool bar
Type ‘cookie’ into the search box for Folders and Files
Select My Computer in the Look In box
Click Search Now
Double click on the folders that are found
Select any cookie file
Hit the Delete button on your keyboard
If you are not using Microsoft Windows Explorer, then you should select cookies in the Help function for information on where to find your cookie folder.
Disclaimer
All online networks involved in content sharing or the ones providing user usable login account have various disclaimers. We, like everyone else, are sharing ours with you. EduRev is an online open-content collaborative network for sharing information; that is, a voluntary association of individuals and groups working to develop a common resource of human knowledge for everyone to use. The structure of the EduRev Network allows anyone with an Internet connection to alter its content. We try the best we can to try and provide valuable, up-to-date, relevant, accurate and useful content from our own side. We also do our best to try to encourage our users to upload content that is  valuable, up-to-date, relevant, accurate and useful. That being said, please be advised that nothing found here has necessarily been reviewed by people with the expertise required to provide you with complete, accurate or reliable information.
That is not to say that you will not find valuable, up-to-date, relevant, accurate and useful information in EduRev; most of the times you will. We will try the best we can on our part to make that happen. However, EduRev cannot guarantee the validity of the information found here. The content of any given article may recently have been changed, vandalized or altered by someone whose opinion does not correspond with the state of knowledge in the relevant fields. Also, new content might have been uploaded by individuals which may not be correct,  valuable, up-to-date, relevant, accurate and useful for our users. If contacted by our users about the presence of such content on our website, we will try to  remove or edit all such content as soon as we can. That being said, we do not guarantee that such content will not be online when you view the EduRev Network. When you log in, it may be in the process of being modified or taken down. That being said, we would again like to remind you, that all websites and networks like EduRev, or similar to EduRev have disclaimers too.
None of the contributors, sponsors, administrators or anyone else connected with EduRev in any way whatsoever can be responsible for the appearance of any inaccurate or libelous information or for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages. Neither we nor the authors warrant or assume any legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information, product, simulation or any other process described, in the web based and video based lectures.
It is the responsibility of the user to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of any services or products. In no event shall EduRev be liable for any cost or direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with the use of, or inability to use our network.
Texts, videos, presentations, pdfs, or any other form of content found in some material on EduRev may found to be copied from a copyrighted source. EduRev does not take any liability for such issues. Some texts in some material may found to be copied from a copyrighted source. EduRev.in donot take any liability for such issues. These notes are specially formatted to help students in their studies to help them before, during and after their exams and excel in curricular, extra-curricular as well as co-curricular activities. We do not sell or promote any content. The content on EduRev is uploaded or linked by our users, over whom EduRev exercises no control. EduRev cannot and does not screen the Submissions before or after allowing them to be made available to third parties. Submissions may contain material or links to files that some people find objectionable, inappropriate, or offensive. We cannot guarantee that any Submissions made available via the Site will be free of objectionable content. We therefore assume no responsibility for any Submissions on, or otherwise linked to, the Site.
We do respond to requests made for the removal of content that might be offensive to students or may infringe the copyrights of any third party. Please notify us in such cases and be a bit patient for us to respond back to you regarding the same.
To The fullest extent permitted by law, EduRev disclaims any responsibility for the deletion, faliure of storage, misdelivery or ultimate delivery of any of the uploaded content.
The services provided by EduRev, and all submissions and other materials, information, products and services included or made available along or in connection with EduRev’s services are being provided “AS IS” with no warranties whatsoever. EduRev expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law all express, implied and statutory warranties, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights. EduRev disclaims any warranties regarding the accuracy, security, reliability, timeliness, and performance of the EduRev services. EduRev disclaims any warranties for any information or advice obtained through any submission or any EduRev service.
You understand and agree that you download or otherwise obtain material or data through the use of the EduRev services, including but not limited to any submission(s) at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material or data, including submissions.
Please make sure that you understand that the information provided here is being provided freely, and that no kind of agreement or contract is created between you and the owners or users of this site, the owners of the servers upon which it is housed, the individual EduRev contributors and submitters, any project administrators, sysops or anyone else who is in
any way connected
with this project or sister projects subject to your claims against them directly.
Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited in the articles of the EduRevare the property of their respective owners.
Publication of information found in EduRev may be in violation of the laws of the country or jurisdiction from where you are viewing this information. The EduRev database is stored on servers in Singapore/Sweden and is maintained in reference to the protections afforded under local and federal law. Laws in your country or jurisdiction may not protect or allow the same kinds of speech or distribution. EduRev does not encourage the violation of any laws, and cannot be responsible for any violations of such laws, should you link to this domain or use, reproduce or republish the information contained herein.
If you need specific advice (for example, medical, legal, financial or risk management) please seek a professional who is licensed or knowledgeable in that area.
EduRev and all its officers, directors, employees, affiliates and agents assume no liability or responsibility for, and in no event shall EduRev, its officers, directors, employees, affiliates or agents, be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever resulting from, any personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the site, any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the site, any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through the site, or sites linked to by this site, by any third party, and/or any errors or omissions in any submission(s) or other content made available by EduRev, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any submission(s) or other content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the site, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the company is advised of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction. EduRev does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for any product or service advertised or offered by a third party through the site or any hyperlinked website or featured in any advertising, and EduRev will not be a party to or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transaction between you and third-party providers of products or services.
You specifically acknowledge that EduRev shall not be liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
Representing yourself:
Using this website, you represent yourself not as a minor, completely understand all the terms, and is subjected to legal offences (if any occur). We consider that your Parents are well aware of your EduRev account and the activities that are being carried out by you.
At the time of Registration:
You are required to provide your exact information and personal details at the time of registration. This will help in associating a relationship with the Company and is required for future establishments. You will be informed about the important updates of the Company referring to these details only. All your information will be kept with Team EduRev and can be ***shared with third party for marketing purposes (or can be used for the growth of the Company)
Information Communication:
The user consents to receiving emails, SMS & Notifications on the App from EduRev from time to time which informs the users of information including but not limited to course updates, updates from teachers and friends, and even new features that are added to the platform. Validity of the consent is for 6 months from the date platform was last used.
Your Account:
You need an EduRev account to avail the services of EduRev. If your school is registered with EduRev, your accounts will be provided to you by your School administration. However, if your school is not registered, you can create your account individually. However, there will be a difference between the Registered and Unregistered Accounts. No objection regarding the difference in accounts of different users will ever be entertained. Your school has the authority to keep a check on your activities and can disable your account.
You are free to use the services of EduRev and can access all the features available to you. You are the only one responsible if your account ever gets hacked or some unauthorized use of your account. You are advised not to share your Password with anyone and if you notice any unauthorized access to your account, you should immediately change your Password and report to us at
support@edurev.in
Using our Services:
You are allowed to use all the features of EduRev and explore them completely.
Don’t misuse our services. You should use the services as being provided to you and must not try to violate any of the procedures. Your account can be analyzed by the Team EduRev anytime. We can even deactivate your account without informing you.
EduRev does not provide all the content. It’s a student-centric website and most of the content is being uploaded by students and is approved by their faculty. So, each individual holds the individual rights for whatever content they have uploaded or shared on the website.
Your Content in our services:
Most of our features allow you to upload the content. Once, you have uploaded any content, all the users of EduRev, all across the nation, will view it and can use it for their own benefits.
Moreover, you have given permission to EduRev, to use, modify, store and reproduce that content in any form worldwide in future. It can even be published anywhere with the consent of EduRev.
Students Guidelines:
EduRev provides you with various features that you can enjoy and use for studies. However, while using the features, you must consider the following points:
1. Study Material:
EduRev doesn’t create any study material
The various PPT’s, texts and videos are being uploaded by the students/teachers all across the nation
EduRev plays no role in the up-gradation of the study material. It is purely a dynamic structure, where the content gets upgraded according to the evaluation done by the users.
Only the users with registered schools can upload the study material
The student holds the responsibility of the content that has been uploaded. EduRev has no role in the content that is available in the Study material, we just provide the Students/Teachers with the platform where they can upload.
Students must not consider this as the final study material. There are some topics/points that may have been skipped or not considered. You are advised to consult your textbook to confirm the topics.
Students must not upload something offensive (such as pornography, abusive, vulgar) text, video or ppt. In case, if they do, they are abide by the law and legal actions can be taken against them.
You should genuinely evaluate the Study material and must not use offensive words or comments while commenting on the material
You can download any file (text/video/ppt) without any permission. EduRev is not responsible for any error that may occur during the process of downloading. If any virus or malware function (that may harm your computer) is encountered/downloaded with any material or during the process of downloading, EduRev has no responsibility of the harm caused.
You can upload any file (text/video/PPT) at anytime to share it with your friends. However, the process may need some approval from the higher authorities before it gets displayed on the website and will take some time
You can also inform your friends/classmates about the study material that you have uploaded by referring to them.
You can discuss the problems regarding a particular topic, under it’s category and can even refer that problem to your friends/teachers, whom you think can help you to solve a problem.
Whenever you refer someone, the information about the reference gets displayed on the profile of a particular student. Similarly, if someone refers a problem to you, that will be displayed in your profile.
2. Quizzes:
The quizzes on the website are just to increase your knowledge. They are not related to any of your school subject or any of the quiz in which you are participating. They must not be considered as a final material for your studies.
3. EduRev Blog:
EduRev and its editors hold the complete responsibility of the content being updated in the EduRev Blog. We try to increment the knowledge of students by regularly updating the blog and keeping the news up to the date. However, it is a student blog and contains the work done by the students and the information collected through various resources to take that news to the students. The facts are not be considered, there can be some flaws about the facts and incidents.
The content can also be copied if the third party agrees to share the content but it’ll only be published with proper reference from where it has been copied.
The students can submit their submissions to
support@edurev.in
However, the submission does not ensure that it will be published in the EduRev Blog. Any submission will only be published after the approval of Editing EduRev Team. It is the sole decision of the team and no student can interfere in the working of the team. No objections can be raised against the team if any of the submissions is not published. If they like the work, they will publish, else they won’t.
Anything that you have uploaded/updated on the website, can be used by the EduRev team to publish in EduRev Blog or further usage without your permission for the use.
4. Mailing:
It should only be used for educational purposes. If someone tries to circulate spam/viruses, he is abiding by law and legal actions can take place. If anyone receives any spam or virus in the mail, it is not the responsibility of EduRev. No claims are to be raised against any of the EduRev member if any such harmful activity occurs.
General Guidelines:
No feature of EduRev to be used by any user for publicizing any Company/Instituition/Products.
One must not update/upload anything objectionable (pornography and all)
No virus/spam is to be circulated using EduRev
If any of the above mentioned condition being violated by any of the user. He/she is abide by law and EduRev team can file case against them legally.
Restriction Regarding material on the website:
EduRev is completely Student-centric website. So, all the material that is present on the website is the contribution of the students.
EduRev is not responsible for any content on the website as all the material on the website is updated by the users. None of the users can complain against the content on the website.
Data & Information Usage Policy
EduRev reserves the right to use the information obtained by your usage and social accounts (facebook, google and others) to customize your experience; and connecting and inviting your friends.
Modifying and Terminating our Services:
We are constantly working to improve our Website and offer you the Best of our services. We can add new features and can remove the previous features without your permission. We can close this website anytime. It is possible that at times, you are not able to access your account due to some technical problems.
It can happen that some problems are being encountered while using the website, you can always inform the team EduRev anytime and send us the mail, explaining your problem at
support@edurev.in
.
Our Warranties and Disclaimer:
We provide our Services through Registered Schools or Individual Registration and expect the users to create a fun-learning environment. However, we don’t promise any of our Services, we just provide you the Services “as it is”.
There are no commitments from our side regarding the specifications of a particular feature. It can happen that the provided features are not able to cater all your needs.
Our liability:
The team EduRev has always tried to assure that the information you share through your account is safe and secure. However, we do not guarantee that it will always be safe as it is. There can be threats in future; hence, we are not responsible for harmful actions or safety threats that may occur in future. You cannot claim against any employee of Team EduRev for any action directly or indirectly.
Study Group Rules:
If you have any doubts/questions ask them here! But remember study groups are meant for educational discussions only!
You can only ask a maximum of 10 questions per day. If you have more doubts you can simply ask them the next day.
If you know an answer to a question, help others with your answer! But again remember you can only answer a maximum of 20 answers per day.
You can only give one answer to a question, if you want to add something, edit your answer!
If you like any of the answers, UPVOTE!
Help us keep the discussions clean: If you find any questions or answers that are non-educational or offensive, REPORT!
Also, if your question/answer is reported more than 5 times, it will be deleted and you will be blocked for 1 complete day from the study group.
Refund and Cancellation Policy:
We want you to be satisfied, so all courses purchased on EduRev can be refunded within 24 hours of placing the order. The request has to be made at
support@edurev.in
with your email ID and Phone number along with the details of the course purchased.
        Orders paid by Credit/Debit Card will be refunded by credit back to the Credit/Debit Card within 14 working days and the refund will reflect in the next statement
        Orders paid by net banking accounts will be credited back to bank account.
        For all other modes of payment, we will send a refund cheque. The cheque will be made in favor of the name as in the "billing name" provided at the time of placing the order.
**A refund cannot be claimed more than once and is also subject to extreme usage.
What is counted as excess usage?
Accessing any more than 3 Tests, Notes or Videos after subscribing for EduRev Infinity can be considered as extreme usage for the purpose of refund.
        In such cases, a user would not be eligible for a refund or at max 50% of the purchase amount will be refunded with access revoked.
Mobile Purchases via iOS
Purchases made through the iOS mobile app cannot be refunded. On the iOS app, payments are processed by Apple and as a result we do not have the ability to refund the course. If you would like to request a refund, please reach out to Apple Support directly.
Abuse of Policy
Finally, students who purchase and refund multiple courses over an extended period may be subject to suspension for abuse of the refund policy.
Account & Data deletion
You can request to delete your account information at any time. For account deletion, you will have to mail us at
support@edurev.in
or fill this google form
here
.
When you request to delete your account, We make sure that your profile is no longer visible to other users and disassociated from content
        you posted under that account. After 30 days from the request of deletion, we begin the process of deleting your personal information from
        our systems.
        We may also retain certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate business purposes after you delete your account.
IP Addresses
Your IP address maybe used to fix problems that may arise in our server or for statistical analysis which can help us to create a better experience for our users.
Payment Security
We do not collect any payment information on our site. Our payment gateway transactions are handled by multiple third party payment gateways, which have adherence to the highest levels of network and information security compliance. This ensures that your account information is well protected and completely secure. However, EduRev is not responsible for the privacy practices of the third party payment gateways and in the event of breach of any applicable law, unauthorised disclosure or misuse of payment information by such third party payment gateways, EduRev shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever.
        EduRev also uses cash on delivery services for collection of payments from the customers. However, EduRev is not responsible for the privacy practices of the companies that it uses to execute cash on delivery transactions and in the event of breach of any applicable law, unauthorised disclosure or misuse of payment information by companies, EduRev shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever.
Third-party Links/Websites
The edurev.in website may contain links to other websites. EduRev is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on the third party websites.
Course Creation
Once you’ve initiated the process of creating a course on
EduRev.in
, following conditions apply:
- Being the creator of the course, you are solely responsible for the content of the course and hold an independent authority of the content. EduRev doesn’t hold any responsibility for any content uploaded on the website.
- EduRev will have the final authority to review the courses before publishing them on the website/app and can also remove any content/course from the website if there’s any inappropriate content. EduRev holds the final discretion to keeping any content on the platform.
- Though EduRev provides complete assistance and technical support for creating an ideal course, the roles and responsibility of EduRev are confined only to providing the required technology. Uploading Content in an appropriate manner is the responsibility of the Course Creator.
- Even though EduRev's algorithms are designed in a manner to promote quality content over the platform and EduRev doesn’t hold any liability to promote/market any course published on the website. That said, analytical data will be shared on the platform (or otherwise) with the course creator to help them improve their courses according to the need of the audience. Also, EduRev is open to collaborating for Course Promotions.
- For putting paid content/courses, a Master Service Agreement needs to be signed by both parties to proceed. Paid courses will only be launched after the final approval from EduRev and all the hold conditions also hold true for the same. For discussing more on the same, we can easily be reached on
support@edurev.in
.
Use of YouTube Videos and API
EduRev follows all YouTube Terms and Conditions in accordance with the Terms of Service of Google/YouTube which can be checked at the following links:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
,
https://www.youtube.com/static?template=terms
Use of Facebook
When you sign in or create account on our App and Website using your Facebook account, we will have access to certain information such as your name, profile picture, gender and email address (if there is one associated with your Facebook account), in accordance with the authorisation procedures determined by Facebook.
We use this data to create your EduRev account. You can request for your personal data to be deleted by contacting us at
support@edurev.in
.
How to unsubscribe your contact number from getting any SMS from EduRev?
If you wish to remove your contact number from getting any updates from EduRev, you can simply send us an email to
support@edurev.in
with your contact number and typing unsubscribe along with it. For Example: <UNSUBSCRIBE 99999xxxxx>
Android app permissions & relevant data usage:
We require the following permissions from the users for smooth functioning of our App. The data shared by the users is stored on EduRev servers and shared only with our website https://edurev.in
Files & Media: This is used for reading and storing your downloaded content on the app.
Location: This is used for personalising the app according to your location.
Photos & Media: This is used for setting up your profile and answering the questions with images in the discussion groups.
Schools
Medical
Non- Medical
Commerce
Humanities
CBSE Class 10
CBSE Class 9
CBSE Class 8
CBSE Class 7
CBSE Class 6
CBSE Class 5
CBSE Class 4
CBSE Class 3
CBSE Class 2
CBSE Class 1
Competitive Examinations
UPSC
NEET
JEE
CLAT
CAT
GMAT
GATE
Railways
SSC
IIT JAM
Defence
Insurance
Teaching
CA Foundation
Quick Access Links
Online Tests / MCQs
Verbal Aptitude
Logical Reasoning
Data Interpretation
Current Affairs
Free Study Material
Question & Answers
Revision Notes
Important Questions
Quantitative Aptitude
Practice Quizzes
NCERT Solutions
NCERT Textbooks
NCERT
Technical Exams
GATE
SSC JE
RRB JE
Civil Engineering
Computer Science Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Electronics Engineering
Biotechnology Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Chemical Engineering
© EduRev
Edu
cation
Rev
olution
Follow Us
×
×
×
×
Free Exam Preparation
at your Fingertips!
Access Free Study Material - Test Series, Structured Courses, Free Videos & Study Notes and Prepare for Your Exam With Ease
Signup Now for Free
Join the 10M+ students on EduRev
×
Get the EduRev App
Scan this QR code to
download the app for Free
Or check it out in the app stores
×
Welcome Back
Continue with Google
Continue with Facebook
OR
OR
Login
Forgot Password?
New User?
Sign Up
×
Create you account for free
Continue with Google
Signup with Email
OR
Gender
Male
Female
Others
I accept the
Terms & Conditions
.
Create Account
Already Have an Account?
Login
×
Forgot Password
OR
AF +93
AX +358
AL +355
DZ +213
AS +1684
AD +376
AO +244
AI +1264
AQ +672
AG +1268
AR +54
AM +374
AW +297
AU +61
AT +43
AZ +994
BS +1242
BH +973
BD +880
BB +1246
BY +375
BE +32
BZ +501
BJ +229
BM +1441
BT +975
BO +591
BQ +5997
BA +387
BW +267
BV +
BR +55
IO +246
UM +
VG +1284
VI +1 340
BN +673
BG +359
BF +226
BI +257
KH +855
CM +237
CA +1
CV +238
KY +1345
CF +236
TD +235
CL +56
CN +86
CX +61
CC +61
CO +57
KM +269
CG +242
CD +243
CK +682
CR +506
HR +385
CU +53
CW +599
CY +357
CZ +420
DK +45
DJ +253
DM +1767
DO +1809
EC +593
EG +20
SV +503
GQ +240
ER +291
EE +372
ET +251
FK +500
FO +298
FJ +679
FI +358
FR +33
GF +594
PF +689
TF +
GA +241
GM +220
GE +995
DE +49
GH +233
GI +350
GR +30
GL +299
GD +1473
GP +590
GU +1671
GT +502
GG +44
GN +224
GW +245
GY +592
HT +509
HM +
VA +379
HN +504
HK +852
HU +36
IS +354
IN +91
ID +62
CI +225
IR +98
IQ +964
IE +353
IM +44
IL +972
IT +39
JM +1876
JP +81
JE +44
JO +962
KZ +76
KE +254
KI +686
KW +965
KG +996
LA +856
LV +371
LB +961
LS +266
LR +231
LY +218
LI +423
LT +370
LU +352
MO +853
MK +389
MG +261
MW +265
MY +60
MV +960
ML +223
MT +356
MH +692
MQ +596
MR +222
MU +230
YT +262
MX +52
FM +691
MD +373
MC +377
MN +976
ME +382
MS +1664
MA +212
MZ +258
MM +95
NA +264
NR +674
NP +977
NL +31
NC +687
NZ +64
NI +505
NE +227
NG +234
NU +683
NF +672
KP +850
MP +1670
NO +47
OM +968
PK +92
PW +680
PS +970
PA +507
PG +675
PY +595
PE +51
PH +63
PN +64
PL +48
PT +351
PR +1787
QA +974
XK +383
RE +262
RO +40
RU +7
RW +250
BL +590
SH +290
KN +1869
LC +1758
MF +590
PM +508
VC +1784
WS +685
SM +378
ST +239
SA +966
SN +221
RS +381
SC +248
SL +232
SG +65
SX +1721
SK +421
SI +386
SB +677
SO +252
ZA +27
GS +500
KR +82
SS +211
ES +34
LK +94
SD +249
SR +597
SJ +4779
SZ +268
SE +46
CH +41
SY +963
TW +886
TJ +992
TZ +255
TH +66
TL +670
TG +228
TK +690
TO +676
TT +1868
TN +216
TR +90
TM +993
TC +1649
TV +688
UG +256
UA +380
AE +971
GB +44
US +1
UY +598
UZ +998
VU +678
VE +58
VN +84
WF +681
EH +212
YE +967
ZM +260
ZW +263
Submit
×
Signup to see your scores
                            go up
within 7 days!
Continue with Google
Takes less than 10 seconds to signup
Facebook
Twitter
Google
WhatsApp
Email
Copy Link
×
Unattempted Tests
Select a course to view your unattempted tests
×
Change Country
×
Enter OTP
CONTINUE
Resend OTP (active in 30s)
Change Number