Konga Online Shopping
Skip to main content
Login
Signup
Track Orders
View order status
Pending Items
0
Pending item
Sell on Konga
Join other merchants
Physical Stores
Stores around you
Categories
Computers and Accessories
Phones and Tablets
Electronics
Konga Fashion
Home and Kitchen
Baby, Kids and Toys
Other Categories
Groceries
Intel 11th Gen Campaign
Contact Us
Store Locator
Sell on Konga
Help
FAQs
Contact Us
Track My Order
Login / Signup
My Cart
0
All Categories
Computers and Accessories
Phones and Tablets
Electronics
Konga Fashion
Home and Kitchen
Baby, Kids and Toys
Other Categories
Close
Home
Privacy Policy
We value the trust you place in konga.com. That's why we insist upon the highest standards for secure transactions and customer information privacy.Please read the following statement to learn about our information gathering and dissemination practices.Note: Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice.To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Condition
Privacy Policy
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
Introduction:
Konga.com is thoroughly committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors and customers. We fully appreciate and respect the importance of privacy on the Internet. We respect each visitor's and customer's right to personal privacy. To this end, we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
How we collect information from you
How we protect customers' information
How we use the information, and share all personal information which you provide when you use our websites
General information in line with extant laws and regulations.
This policy does not apply to the practices of third party agents, or people of which we do not exercise direct control, employment or management.
1. Consent:
By using this site, you have consented to our Privacy Policy and that you have the legal capacity to give consent. Otherwise, you may discontinue and log out at this stage.
2. Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
We collect personally identifiable information (including but not limited to email address, name, phone number, physical address, location, photo, banking details (when you make purchases), online identifiers, etc.) from you when you set up a free account with konga.com. While you can browse some sections of our site without being a registered member, certain activities (such as placing an order) do require registration.
We do use your contact information to send you offers based on your previous orders and your interests. The information and personal data are as freely provided by you to us using any technology at the material time e.g. JWT, web tokens etc.
3. Use of Demographic and Profile Data
We use personal information to provide the services you request. To the extent we use your personal information to market to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. We use your personal information to resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote a safe service; collect fees owed; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our terms and conditions; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings, we collect and analyse demographic and profile data about our users' activity on our website.
We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
We will occasionally ask you to complete optional online surveys. These surveys may ask you for contact information and demographic information (like location, local government area, age, or income level). We use this data to tailor your experience at our site, providing you with content that we think you might be interested in--and to display content according to your preferences.
4. Cookies
We use cookies to collect information. A "cookie" is a small piece of information stored by a Web server on a Web browser so it can be later read back from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given user. konga.com places both permanent and temporary cookies in your computer's hard drive. Konga.com's cookies do not contain any of your personally identifiable information or private data.
We use technology in the collecting the information in order to make our Sites and other content or services which we make available to you more interesting and useful to you. For instance, when you come to one of our Sites via your computer or other media device, we may combine your visitor session information or other information collected through cookies, web beacons and other technical methods with personally identifiable information in order to understand and improve your online experiences and to determine what products, promotions and services you prefer or are likely to be of interest to you.
5. Governing Principles of Data Processing
a. Your personal data on Konga.com shall be collected and processed in accordance with legitimate and lawful purpose consented to by you herein, provided that a further processing may be done only for archiving, scientific research, historical research or statistical purposes for public interest in line with extant regulations and laws.
b. Personal data shall be adequate, accurate and without prejudice to the dignity of human person:
c. Personal data shall be stored only for the period within which it is reasonably needed, and shall be secured against all foreseeable hazards and breaches such as theft, cyberattack, viral attack, dissemination, manipulations of any kind, damage by rain, fire or exposure to other natural elements.
d. Our data collection shall depict that we owe a duty of care to you.
e. We shall be accountable in line with extant laws and regulations.
6. Sharing of personal information
We may share personal information with our other corporate entities and affiliates to: help detect and prevent identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts; correlate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services; and to facilitate joint or co - branded services that you request where such services are provided by more than one corporate entity.
Those entities and affiliates may not market to you as a result of such sharing unless you explicitly opt -in.
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, third-party vendors,
contractors and suppliers who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that service, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights,
property or personal safety of our users or the general public.
konga.com and its affiliates will share some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity. Should such a transaction occur, that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information.
7. Personal Date Retention Period
Konga.com will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements.)
Upon request for account closure, your account will be closed but this closure will not involve deletion of historical records of the account for the reasons already stated. However, except as may be required by law or law enforcement agents and/or regulators, further processing of the personal information related to the account will cease from time of closure.
8. Your Privacy Rights
In certain circumstances as provided under the Nigeria Data Protection Regulation or any other applicable law, you may object to the processing of your personal information or request to delete already inputted personal data. To make this request take the following simple steps:
1. Send an email to help@konga.com
2. Title your email delete my personal data
3. We will act upon your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
With that, it is as simple as done.
9. Links to Other Sites
Our site links to other websites that may collect personally identifiable information about you. Konga.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those linked websites.
10. Security Precautions
Our site has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Whenever you change or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once your information is in our possession we adhere to strict security guidelines, protecting it against unauthorized access. However, please bear in mind that we cannot guarantee that the internet in itself is 100% secure and so we cannot take responsibility for the illegal acts of hackers as long as we have taken the necessary precautions. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our services is at your own risk. You should only access our site or services through and within a secure environment. Most importantly, you are responsible for keeping your User ID and password secure and you should not disclose them to anyone.
11. Choice/Opt-Out
konga.com provides all users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from us on behalf of our partners, and from us in general, after setting up an account. If you want to remove your contact information from all konga.com lists and newsletters, please visit https://www.konga.com/unsubscribe. In the future, you can unsubscribe by clicking the one-click unsubscribe button located at the bottom of every email.
12. Advertisements on Konga.com
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
13. Remedies, Questions and Contact
If observe or have good grounds that your privacy rights have been infringed or likely to be infringed by the use of our Site please lodge your complaints or questions regarding our policy to the following address: help@konga.com. Our Data Protection Officer shall attend to them. Generally, you may contact us on any issue by mail to help@konga.com.
14. Notification of Changes
Konga.com reserves the right to make changes and/or updates to this Privacy Policy from time to time, without prior notice, and the latest version on this policy will be posted on our websites. You are advised to view this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on our webpages.
Terms and Condition
Our current Terms and Condition is available at
Terms & Conditions
.
Home
Deals
Cart
More
Email Support
help@konga.com
Phone Support
0708 063 5700, 0809 460 5555, 01 888 3435
Whatsapp
0907 0038 400, 0809 460 5555
Get Latest Deals
Our best promotions sent to your inbox.
Subscribe
LESS
OPTIONS
About Konga
Contact Us
About Us
Careers
Our Blog
Forum
Terms & Conditions
Payment
KongaPay
Wallet
Verve
Mastercard
Visa
Buying on konga
Buyer Safety Centre
FAQs
Delivery
Konga Return Policy
Digital Services
Bulk Purchase
More Info
Site Map
Track My Order
Privacy Policy
Authentic Items Policy
MAKE MONEY ON KONGA
Become a Konga Affiliate
DOWNLOAD & CONNECT WITH US
Download on
App Store
Download on
Google Play
CONNECT WITH US
Copyright ©
2023
Konga.com. All rights reserved