Privacy Policy - Code Studio Apps
Contact Us
Home
Features
Screens
Team
Clients
Support
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Of
Code Studio
Apps
This privacy policy page is to inform the user how do we collect, use and disclosure personal information if anyone wants to use our services.
How do we collect your personal information?
We collect certain personal information that you voluntarily provide to us. For example, we may be collect your name, email address, username, social network information and other information.
Code Source Studio Apps doesn’t ask for any personal or sensitive user data. Code Source Studio Apps will never use the following: personally identifiable information, financial and payment information, authentication information, Phone Book or Contact data, microphone and camera sensor data, and sensitive device data.
How your information may be disclosed?
We may use your information only for serving you better as below:
1. Personal Information. In general, we use Session and Usage Data internally to serve our Users and enable them to take maximum advantage of the Applications, the Services and the Site. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
2. Non-Personal Information. We may disclose Non-Personal Information to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
EU USER CONSENT POLICY:
We include certain disclosures to users in the European Economic Area (EEA) & obtain their consent to use cookies or other local storage, where legally required, and to use personal data (such as AdID) to serve ads. This policy reflects the requirements of the EU ePrivacy Directive and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We ask about the permission of users who are in EEA(European Economic Area) to display ads like PERSONALIZE/NON-PERSONALIZE.
Third-party links:
We do not include or offer third-party products or services in our application.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third party service providers used by this app are:
Google Play Services
Firebase Services
Admob Ads
Facebook Audience Network
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in the case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
How secure is My Data?
We take the security of your data very seriously. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your data are absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your data. When you use some of our applications or services, the data and content you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected or used by them. You are responsible for the information you choose to share or submit in these instances.
Cookies:
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
Children’s Privacy:
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not to disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
Make Changes to the privacy policy:
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact information:
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, please contact me at my email
shafih582@gmail.com
1 Map
Contact Details
shafih582@gmail.com
Islamabad, Bahria Town phase 8, Japan Road Street 7, Plaza no.67
+92 347 7600268
Newsletter
Get the latest blog post news or any updates from our side on the go.
Social
Facebook
Github
Twitter
Dribbble
Pinterest
All RIGHTS RESERVED. © 2021
- CODESTUDIOAPPS -
Design By : 
					NABEEL AKHTAR