Nowtech | Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of Nowtech
Nowtech respects and protects the privacy of individuals from all official websites and user communities that are related to Nowtech. This Nowtech Privacy Policy (hereinafter, this "Privacy Policy") provides: without obtaining your prior consent, we will not intentionally disclose any contents that relates to your personal privacy to any third party unless otherwise stipulated herein.
1. What Information Will We Collect?
a. We do not Collect Personal Information. Personal Information includes your geographical location information, name, address, email, telephone number, fax number, the information you stored on your device, and the information to identify you or other individuals when you use applications, services or websites.
b. Non-Personal Information. When users interact with our application, we may collect non-personal-identity information associated with the user. Non-personal-identity information may include your phone’s model, version of Android and other similar information.
(1). Device information
We collect your device and network connection information in order to provide you better experience when you use our app.
This information depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use, and may include:
SDK/API/JS code version, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent deice identifier, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (Wi-Fi and so on), the CPU, and the battery use, Screen resolution, Memory usage, Storage usage, sim operator, sim card country, Application release status in google play, Ad loading strategy, Ad platform and advertising placement id.
We store the information collected through the Android ID tied to the device you are using. In this way, we can retain your advertising behavior while you are using the app. We will treat this information as personal information
(2). Data about your use of the Services
Number of clicks, landing pages, pages viewed and order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, number of the app opened and some viewed page
Permissions status.
Whether the function is running normally, such as whether a virus is detected.
Number of apps installed by users.
These data
only be passed to
the certified third-party statistical platform:
Firebase, Facebook Analytics
and our self-built data statistics system
(ECS)
.
The above information is only used to improve the product experience and will not be sold to any third parties. We will not use this information for purposes other than improving the product experience and ad performance.
(3). Monetization and Analytical Information from Other Sources
Third-party SDKs integrated in our app may access your information, including:
Google Advertising ID
Demographic data (e.g. determination of your IP address)
Data to fight against fraud (e.g. click fraud in advertising)
Data associated with your device (e.g. device type, technological information, country)
Data to do advertising, marketing and analysis
Advertisers may store or read cookies
The information collected by third-party SDKs is governed by the providers of these SDKs and we have no control over such third parties. The third-parties include monetization partners, such as
Google Admob, Facebook Audience Network, MoPub
,
Smaato, PubNative, IronSource, ChartBoost, Pixalate etc
., and also analytical tools partners, such as
Firebase, Facebook Analytics
and our self-built data statistics system
(ECS)
. The links to the above-mentioned platforms’ privacy policy are attached in the section “Third-party Privacy Policy”.
(4). Android Advertising ID
We use your Android advertising identifier in order to provide you with customized advertisement experience. It is used exclusively for advertising and analytics. Please note that the advertising identifier does not contain any user sensitive information that can be used to identify you as a user or your device. It is not connected to personally-identifiable information or associated with any persistent device identifier (for example: SSAID, MAC address, IMEI, etc.).
(5). Other Information
We may collect information that you directly and voluntarily provide to us. The information includes but is not limited to: your email address, the content of feedback, and the content of questionnaire answered by you.
(6). Designated Countries
For all information listed above, pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or any equivalent legislation (collectively “Data Protection Laws”), we process the personal information of users located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom and Switzerland (collectively, the “Designated Countries”) based on our contract with you.
2. What Are the Important Permissions We Request?
Depending on the context of your interactions with us, we may ask you to provide certain permissions in order to let our app perform properly. You may choose to opt-out anytime, but please note that not giving us these permissions can result in malfunctioning of our app. The permissions we ask are listed below:
Photos, video, document
read the contents of your USB storage
modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
Camera
take pictures and videos
3. How We Use Collected Information?
a. Personal Information – Since we do not collect Personal Information, we will not use your Personal Information in any way.
b. Non-Personal Information. We may use Non-Personal Information for the following purposes:
(1) For Personalized User Experience – We may use your Non-Personal Information to understand your user characteristics, and other trends related to user’s habits;
(2) To Help Improve Our Service – We may use Non-Personal Information to provide, maintain, enhance and improve our applications, services and websites, and the development of new services.
(3) For the Further Development of Nowtech – We might use Non-Personal Information for market promotion and development purposes.
4. The Possibility of Personal Information Being Disclosed
a. Personal Information. We do not store Personal Information, so your Personal Information cannot be disclosed by us.
b. Non-Personal Information. We will not match non-personal information and personal information (such as numbering your name and your user-specific device).
5. Users Sharing Your Information
We can not control the behavior of other users you share your data with. We cannot and will not control the behaviors of other users that you share information with when you use an application, service or website (including online forum), or how such users will use or share such information. We will not be responsible for any behavior or conduct of third party circumventing our security measures.
6. Security
Nowtech is concerned about keeping confidential of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we have adopted effective measures to protect your Non-Personal Information, so that such information will not be accessed and used without authorization. Please note that although we have taken sufficient security measures to protect your information, there is not absolute guarantee that we can prevent non-personal information from being accessed or used without authorization.
7. Amendment of This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to handle, amend, modify or otherwise change this Privacy Policy at any time and at our sole discretion, and if you do not agree to any amendment or modification of this Privacy Policy, you may stop using all of relevant applications, services and websites. Please note that our employees or agents have no right to change any of our policies.
8. Contact Us / Report Violation
If you have any questions or suggestions with respect to this Privacy Policy or our privacy system, or if you want to report any violations of this Privacy Policy or abuse of the application, service or website, please contact us at: quantumtech2021@gmail.com