Ramkumar Apps - Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Privacy Policy
Ramkumar Apps - Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
July 06, 2022
Privacy Policy
RAM KUMAR APPS (“Service”, “RAMKUMARAPPS”, "we," "us," or "our") collects information from you in order to provide better service and a better user experience.
Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.
What information we use and how we use it:
1. Read phone status and identity
This permission allows RAM KUMAR APPS to recognize an incoming/outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces/shows the caller name while some one is calling, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
2. Read your text messages (SMS or MMS)
We do not save or upload your messages. We use this permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
3. Take pictures and videos
This permission allows RAM KUMAR APPS to use your device’s camera to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash. We do not save or upload your photos/videos.
4. Approximate location (network-based)
This permission allows RAM KUMAR APPS to identify and display your location on map or apps installed by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users’ location. This information is untraceable.
5. Read your contacts
RAM KUMAR APPS does not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts in RAM KUMAR APPS search bar.
6. Read calendar events plus confidential information
This information is used only in the RAM KUMAR APPS to remind you of your latest calendar events. We do not save or upload any of your calendar information.
6. Read calendar events plus confidential information
This information is used only in the RAM KUMAR APPS to remind you of your latest calendar events. We do not save or upload any of your calendar information.
7. Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
This permission allows RAM KUMAR APPS to delete app data (image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
8. Read the contents of your USB storage
This permission allows RAM KUMAR APPS to view app data (image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
9. Set an alarm
This permission allows users to access the device's alarm through RAM KUMAR APPS clock widget.
10. Find accounts on the devices
RAM KUMAR APPS does not recognize or save your account information for any programs. RAM KUMAR APPS only detects whether users have a Google account linked with the device which helps us confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application download and update methods.
11. Read Google service configuration
This information is used to acquire advertising ID. RAM KUMAR APPS provide users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID.
12. Change network connectivity
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS settings and notification toolbar, in order to change/check network connectivity.
13. Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
14. Full network access
This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including receiving update notifications or accessing app classification labels
15. View network connections
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS settings and notification toolbar, in order to view network connections.
16. View Wi-Fi connections
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS settings and notification toolbar, in order to view Wi-Fi connections.
18. Pair with Bluetooth devices
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS settings, in order to pair with Bluetooth devices.
19. Close other apps
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS Boost in order to turn off the back-end apps and make the phone run faster.
20. Retrieve running apps
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS Boost in order to view the running apps.
21. Run as startup
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS Boost in order to view the running apps.
22. Draw over other apps
This permission allows the RAM KUMAR APPS Free Swipe tab to be displayed as a floating window on other apps.
23. Control vibration
This permission allows RAM KUMAR APPS to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.
24. Adjust your wallpaper size
This permission allows users to crop RAM KUMAR APPS wallpaper to the desired size.
25. Set wallpaper
TThis permission allows users to set a selected RAM KUMAR APPS image as their wallpaper.
26. Read sync settings
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS power’s save mode, and allows RAM KUMAR APPS to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off.
27. Toggle sync on and off
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS power’s save mode, and allows RAM KUMAR APPS to synchronize with the user's sync settings.
28. Expand/collapse status bar
This permission is used for the gesture feature of RAM KUMAR APPS User System to expand and collapse the status bar.
29. Install shortcuts
This permission is used to install shortcuts on other launchers, so users can continue to use RAM KUMAR APPS related functions.
30. Measure app storage space
This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage space used by an application.
31. Modify system settings
This permission is used in RAM KUMAR APPS settings, in order to switch or adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
32. Read Home settings and shortcuts
This permission is used to install shortcuts on other launchers, so users can continue to use RAM KUMAR APPS related functions.
33. Uninstall shortcuts
This permission allows RAM KUMAR APPS to delete the shortcuts created by RAM KUMAR APPS in other Android launchers.
34. Photos⁄Media⁄Files
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage.Test access to protected storage.When user recommends friends to download RAM KUMAR APPS by sharing to social network, we need to save an introduction picture to be shared on SD card. We won’t access other file on SD card.
35. Device & app history
Retrieve running apps.We use this information to boost your Android phone effectively, clean your device's RAM and make your phone speed up in depth.
➢ How we protect your information
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
➢ How we share your information
We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public or RAM KUMAR APPS.
➢ Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
➢ Changes to the Privacy Policy
RAM KUMAR APPS may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
➢ Contact us
If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests, please contact us by writing an E-Mail at ram.inspire25@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Privacy Policy
Visit profile
Archive
July 2022
1
Report Abuse