Weather Forecast & Widget & Radar
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Weather Forecast & Widget & Radar
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy policy describes how we (
Weather Forecast & Widget & Radar
) collect the information when you use our apps or games downloaded from Google Play Store, Apple Store and other third party app store. The policy also explains how we use and disclose the information collected from you.
What information do we collect?
Location Information
When you use a location-enabled Weather app service, we may detect your general location to provide the accurate weather information of your general area automatically.
If you don’t allow it, we’re unable to collect direct location information, you may manually enter a location to get the weather information of your location.
Local File and Storage
We use local shared objects to enhance user experience, for example, storing your city and weather data, user preferences and settings.
Other information that we collect
Information about your device and device capabilities
Your activities on the Services
Advertising identifiers
Referring URL
How We Use Information We Collect ?
To provide you better features and experience on the services;
To analysis our traffic.
We also share such identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
We
DO NOT
sell, trade, or transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. And therefore we don't disclose your information.
Changes
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page, and if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. We will also keep prior versions of this privacy policy in an archive for your review.
Other
Facebook Ads Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google Ads Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Goole Play Refund policies:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2479637#policy
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at :
weatherfeedback@outlook.com
Amended Sept. 6, 2019.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse