Privacy Policy - Nykaa Fashion
App Download
Help
Women
Men
Kids
Home
Tech
All Brands
More
Account
Wishlist
0
Cart
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy outlines Nykaa Fashion Private Limited's approach to Data Protection and Privacy to fulfill its obligations under the applicable laws and regulations. This Privacy Policy applies to your Personal Information which is processed by us, whether in physical or electronic mode.
While you may be able to browse the Platform (Website and App collectively referred to as “Platform”) from countries outside of India, however, please note we do not offer any product/service under this Platform outside India. By visiting the Platform or providing your information, you expressly agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and agree to be governed by the laws of India including but not limited to the laws applicable to data protection and privacy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Platform.
In this Privacy Policy, the expressions ‘Personal Information’, ‘Data Subject’, ‘Controller’, ‘Processor’ and ‘Processing’ shall have the meanings given to them in the applicable privacy laws.
We are committed to treating data privacy seriously. It is important that you know exactly what we do with your Personal Information.
Throughout this document, “we”, “us”, “our”, “ours” refers to NYKAA FASHION PRIVATE LIMITED . Wherever we have said ‘you’ or ‘your’, this means YOU.
WHO WE ARE
NYKAA FASHION PRIVATE LIMITED is a company incorporated and registered under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 and having its registered office at 104, Vasan Udyog Bhavan, Sun Mill Compound, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013. Nykaa Fashion Private Limited is engaged in the business of facilitating selling, marketing and retailing clothes / garments (“Business”) through the e-commerce platform developed and owned by Nykaa Fashion Private Limited and its affiliates or offline stores / events to conduct its Business.
ROLES WE PLAY
We play the role of a Data Controller when we collect and process Personal Information about you.
We play the role of a Data Processor when we collect and process Personal Information on behalf of another Data Controller
OUR COMMITMENT
We commit to protecting your privacy and hence our Personal Information handling practices are continually reviewed to ensure compliance with the applicable privacy laws and regulations
PERSONAL INFORMATION GATHERED BY NYKAA FASHION
The information we learn and gather from you, personal or otherwise, is used to register you, verify your identity to permit you to use the app, undertake transactions (including to facilitate and process payments), communicate with you, convey any promotional offers, services or updates associated with NYKAA FASHION, and generally maintain your accounts with us. As per applicable laws, we also use this information to customize your experience and improve NYKAA FASHION.
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you provide while using NYKAA FASHION or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to use NYKAA FASHION. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as opening your account, processing your transactions, responding to your requests, and communicating with you.
Information We Collect About You:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Services. Depending upon the jurisdiction from where you might be accessing our Platform and as per applicable laws:
You may be served different types of cookies such as strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies etc. For example, If you are an international user accessing our Platform, we only collect strictly necessary data for the functioning of our Platform.
Information From Other Sources:
We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase more easily.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Categories of Personal Information we may collect and process are as follows;
Demographic & Identity data
Contact details such as Name, email address, contact number, shipping address, country, date of birth, profile picture
Open data and public records such as information about YOU that is openly available on the internet
Details such as Transaction amount, bank name, card number, card type.
Online Identifiers and other Technical Data
Location details such as data we get about your location, IP address, logs, or from where you connect a computer to the internet
Technical details such as device information, location and network carrier when you use our mobile applications
Communications details such as the Metadata and other Personal Information we get from communications done through e-mails, SMS, instant messages and calls
Usage data details such as data about how you use our platform, pages viewed, etc.
CONSENT
By using the Platform and/ or by providing your information, you agree and consent to us collecting, storing, processing, transferring, using and sharing of your personal information (including sensitive personal information as per applicable law) that you disclose on the Platform with third parties or service providers for the purposes set out and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Purposes of Gathering Your Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services. These purposes include:
Purchase and Delivery of Products and Services
We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers.
Provide, Troubleshoot and Improve Nykaa
We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of our Platform.
Recommendations and Personalization
We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with us.
Communicate With You
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to NYKAA via different channels (e.g., by phone, e-mail, chat).
Advertising
We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKERS USED BY OUR DIGITAL PROPERTIES
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Similarly, there are other types of trackers used. Likewise, Mobile Apps use requisite permissions and SDKs. These are used to make Websites & Apps work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website/app.
Depending upon the jurisdiction from where you might be accessing our Platform and as per applicable laws you may be served different types of cookies such as strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies etc. We use cookies, permissions and other trackers on our Platform to collect and process data
so as to provide you a better online experience as well as improve our services.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Below are the categories of cookies used on our website along with a description of what they are used for
Strictly Necessary
These cookies are needed to run our website, to keep it secure if you are logged on and to obey regulations that apply to us. If you are a customer, they help us know who you are so that you can log on and manage your accounts. They also help us keep your details safe and private.
Functional
These cookies are used for remembering things like:
Your user ID on the log on page
Your region or country
Accessibility options like large font or high contrast pages
Performance
These cookies tell us how you and our other customers use our website. This helps us to:
Improve the performance of our services
Improve the products we provide
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. Please note disabling the ‘Strictly Necessary’ cookies may cause certain parts of our website to remain inaccessible to you.
We use other similar technologies in addition to the above
Pixel Tags
Log Files
Clickstream analytics
DO NOT TRACK
Some web browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature. This feature lets you tell websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. These features are not yet uniform across browsers. Our sites are not currently set up to respond to those signals.
PERSONAL INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
Nykaa Fashion app contains third party SDKs that may collect personally identifiable information (PII) depending upon the jurisdiction from where the app is accessed and as per applicable laws. They use this information to better target users or provide elements of our products & services on behalf of us. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
NYKAA FASHION USES THREE TYPES OF SDKS:
SDKs
Purpose
Analytics
Analyze in-depth detail about the visitors on our app
Settle errors
Better target users and
Provide push notifications and digital ads to the users
Example-Clevertap,Appsflyer,Crashlytics, Gamooga
Payment
Complete customers’ payment transaction
Example - PayU, Razorpay, Cashfree
We have appropriate contracts in place with our third-party partners. This means that they cannot do anything with your Personal Information which is outside of the scope permitted by us. They hold it securely and retain it only for the period specified in our contracts with them.
We might also disclose your Personal Information to appropriate authorities if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, to protect the safety of any person, to address fraud, security, or technical issues, or to protect our rights or the rights of those who use our products & services.
Reasons for disclosing your Personal Information to other parties:
We may disclose your Personal Information to others where it is lawful to do so including where we or they:
need to provide you with products or services
where you have initiated a payment
have a legal obligation to do so, e.g. to assist with detecting and preventing fraud
have requirement in connection with regulatory reporting, litigation or asserting or defending legal rights and interests
have a legitimate business reason for doing so
want to send you information and promotional material regarding our products and services
have asked you for your consent to share it, and you’ve agreed
Improve your online experience for using our product
To whom your Personal Information may be disclosed:
We may disclose your Personal Information for the above purposes to other parties including:
Other group companies and any subcontractors, agents or service providers who work for us or provide services to us or group companies (including their employees, sub-contractors, service providers, directors and officers)
Law Enforcement Authorities, Government Authorities, courts, dispute resolution bodies, our regulators, auditors and any party appointed or requested by our regulators to carry out investigations or audits of our activities
Statutory and regulatory bodies and authorities (including the government) investigating agencies and entities or persons, to whom or before whom it is mandatory to disclose the Personal Information as per the applicable law, courts, judicial and quasi-judicial authorities and tribunals, arbitrators and arbitration tribunals
Overseas regulators
Anybody else that we’ve been instructed to share your Personal Information with by you
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFER
Personal Information we hold about you may be transferred to other countries outside your residential country for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You understand and accept that these countries may have differing (and potentially less stringent) laws relating to the degree of confidentiality afforded to the information it holds and that such information can become subject to the laws and disclosure requirements of such countries, including disclosure to governmental bodies, regulatory agencies and private persons, as a result of applicable governmental or regulatory inquiry, court order or other similar process. In addition, a number of countries have agreements with other countries providing for exchange of information for law enforcement, tax and other purposes.
If we transfer your Personal Information to third parties for purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, we will use best endeavors to put in place appropriate controls and safeguards to ensure that your Personal Information is kept accurate, adequately protected, and processed only for specified and reasonable purposes in a manner that is fair, transparent and has a lawful basis, and is stored for no longer than is absolutely necessary.
DATA SECURITY
We are committed to protecting your Personal Information in our custody. We take reasonable steps to ensure appropriate physical, technical and managerial safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, alteration, transmission and deletion. We ensure that the third parties who provide services to us under appropriate contracts, take appropriate security measures to protect your Personal Information in line with our policies.
RETENTION AND DISPOSAL OF DATA
We keep the Personal Information we collect about you on our systems or with third parties for as long as it is required for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and for legal or regulatory reasons. We will only use your Personal Information for those purposes and will make sure that your Privacy is protected. We shall take reasonable steps to delete or permanently de-identify Personal Information that is no longer needed.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Platform may contain links to websites of other organisations. This privacy policy does not cover how that organisation processes Personal Information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies on the other websites you visit.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our platform is directed to be used by adults only. If you are not an adult, while you may look at our site, you should not make a purchase, register, or submit Personal Information to us. We or our associates /affiliates do not knowingly collect information from minors.
YOUR RIGHTS AS A CUSTOMER
We understand that when you interact with Nykaa Fashion, you have rights over your Personal Information. These rights involve providing reasonable steps to allow you to access your personal Information, correct any errors among others. In the event that you are not satisfied with our response or have unresolved concerns, you can get in touch with us to resolve the issue by means of privacy@nykaa.com
CUSTOMER GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL POLICY
1.BACKGROUND
Customer satisfaction is one of the key focus areas and an integral part of Nykaa’s founding principles and business policies. We strongly believe that Customer satisfaction is the most important factor in the growth and development of our business and hence, at Nykaa we have adopted Customer centricity as a priority in developing our business processes. This Customer Grievance Redressal Policy summarises and outlines the framework for addressing Customer grievances.
2.OBJECTIVE
The objective of this Grievance Policy is to provide a framework:
To ensure provision of timely and effective resolution of issues raised by Customers.
To keep Customers informed about the manner in which they can reach out to us to resolve their queries and grievances.
3.PRINCIPLES GOVERNING THE GRIEVANCE POLICY
Policy on grievance redressal is governed by the following principles:
Customers shall be treated fairly at all times.
Issues raised by Customers are always attended with courtesy and in time.
Customers are provided with effective and satisfactory resolution within a reasonable time period.
Customers are fully informed of avenues to escalate their issues/ grievances if they are not fully satisfied with the response to their complaints.
4.CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Any customer can reach out to our Customer Support team/ representative through telephonic or electronic mode in the following manner. (You may also access this information at
https://support.nykaafashion.com/hc/en-us/):
Email Customer service at
For all local Customers:
support@nykaafashion.com
Call at Customer Service Desk
Phone: 1800 266 3333 (Mon to Sat, 10 AM to 7 PM )
Lodge a ticket with the Customer Service Team
The Customer may choose to lodge a complaint at
https://support.nykaafashion.com/hc/en-us/.
A ticket number shall be provided on the Customer's registered email address for each complaint lodged through which the Customer can track the status of the complaint. On response/follow up calls or emails, The Customer Service representative may ask for the ticket number from the Customer for verification purposes.
Chat with our Customer Service Team
On Nykaa Fashion App and Desktop (Mon to Sat, 10 AM to 7 PM )
Specific complaint numbers will be given to the complaints lodged by the customers to help them track the status of their complaints. Customers will be offered a customer support facility during the business hours (Mon to Sat, 10 AM to 7 PM and Sun, 10AM to 6 PM)
GRIEVANCE OFFICER
Given below are the contact details, name and designation of the Grievance Officer of Nykaa. This information is provided in accordance with applicable provisions of the Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under and the Consumer Protection (E-Commerce) Rules, 2020:
Name: Mr. Nilesh Soni
Designation: Assistant Vice President - Customer Service
Address: Nykaa Fashion Private. Ltd. 104, Vasan Udyog Bhavan, Sun Mill Compound, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013
Email Id:
grievanceofficer@nykaafashion.com
Phone: 1800 266 3333
Time: Mon to Sat ( 10 AM to 7 PM)
6.NEED TO KNOW:
Nykaa Fashion DOES NOT solicit confidential details like your OTP/CVV/PIN/Card Number/ Bank account details through any means. Nykaa Fashion never calls users/customers with offers, discounts on products and offering free gifts.
Scamsters/fraudsters attempt various techniques such as ‘phishing’, to contact, influence and defraud consumers. Nykaa Fashion regularly cautions its customers against sharing any personal or payment sensitive information with unknown persons as such sharing leads to unauthorized use and/or fraud and consequent financial loss.
Nykaa Fashion shall not be liable for any loss, damage, or expense incurred by a Customer where the Customer has shared personal and/or payment sensitive information with scamsters/fraudsters.
We also request and encourage our Customers to report such attempts or incidents to our Grievance officer (or Customer care) to enable us to investigate and explore legal recourse.
Nykaa Fashion reserves the right to divert the e-mails to support@nykaafashion.com in event customers have directly written to
grievanceofficer@nykaafashion.com
without exhausting the Grievance Redressal communication Procedure mentioned above
Nykaa relies on payment partners and banks. In certain cases involving payment/refund issues, we might see a delay as that is beyond our control once we pass the investigation to them however, we try our best not to exceed timelines stated in this policy
CONTACT US
For any further queries and complaints related to privacy under applicable laws and regulations, you could reach us at:
Email Address:
support@nykaafashion.com
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review to make sure it is up to date and accurate. Any changes we may make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page. We recommend that you re-visit this page regularly to check for any updates.
Download our App
For Queries
18002663333
|
support@nykaafashion.com
(Monday to Saturday, 10AM - 7PM)
Who are we
About Us
Careers
Press
Help
About Us
Shipping & Return Policy
Help Center
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Responsible Disclosure
Quicklinks
Offers
Sitemap
Follow Us
Women
Indianwear
Westernwear
Bags
Footwear
Jewellery
Lingerie
Sportswear
Sleep & Lounge
Watches
Fashion Accessories
Men
Topwear
Bottomwear
Ethnicwear
Footwear
Accessories
Innerwear & Sleepwear
Watches
Bags & Backpacks
Athleisure
Sports & Fitness
Kids
Indianwear
Westernwear
Footwear
Jewellery
Feeding
Sportswear
Sleep & Lounge
Accessories
Toys & Games
Innerwear
Luxe
Luxury Ethnic Wear
Luxury Westernwear
Luxury Footwear
Luxury Bags
Luxury Accessories
Luxury Watches
Luxury Home
Luxury Jewellery
Summer Collection
Luxury Dresses
Top Brands
W
Boat
Puma
Giva
Campus
Clovia
Only
Red Tape
Masaba Gupta
Forever 21
House of Nykaa
Twenty Dresses By Nykaa Fashion
RSVP by Nykaa Fashion
Nykd by Nykaa
Gajra Gang by Nykaa Fashion
Pipa Bella By Nykaa Fashion
Likha by Nykaa Fashion
IYKYK
Kica
Twig & Twine
Gloot
Azai by Nykaa Fashion
Popular Links
Women Popular Categories
Designer Blouse
Sarees
Dupattas
Palazzos
Dresses
Tops
Pants
Women Jackets
Skirts
Women Sweatshirts
Gowns
Hair Accessories
Women Sunglasses
Bra
Bikini
Sling Bags
Pendants
Women Swimwear
Handbags
Maternity Wear
Men's Popular Categories
Men T Shirts
Mens Shirts
Polo T Shirts
Formal Shirts
Mens Jackets
Hoodies
Nehru Jackets
Trackpants
Chinos
Mens Jeans
Formal Trousers
Mens Suits
Mens Kurta Sets
Sunglasses
Wallets
Belts
Jerseys
Joggers for Men
Kids Popular Categories
Kids Winterwear
Kids Personal Care
Infant Accessories
Popular Footwear Categories
Shoes
Heels
Flats
Women Boots
Mules
Wedges
Ethnic Shoes for Men
Formal Shoes
Men's Boots
Flip Flops
Loafers
Sneakers
Juttis
Sports And Fitness Equipment
Cricket
Football
Vollyball
Basketball
Badminton
Tennis
Cardio Equipments
Strength Training
Fitness Accessories
Home
Bedding
Bath
Decor
Lighting
Kitchen
Storage
Clocks
Photo Frames
Home Essentials
Gadgets And Tech Accessories
Cases and Covers
Headphones
Speakers
Power Banks
Smart Watches
Computer Peripherals
Smart Home Devices
Cameras And Accessories
Other Popular Brands
Indya
Biba
Rare Rabbit
Reebok
Aurelia
Zivame
The Kaftan Company
Bunaai
Soch
Vero Moda
Raymond
Crocs
Forever New
Metro
Titan
Fossil
Lakshita
Ritu Kumar
Bugatti
Manyavar
Lavanya the Label
Zaveri Pearls
Poplular Searches
Heart Up My Sleeve
Earrings
Sharara Suits
Desi Gold
Desi Blue
Anarkali Suits
Lehenga For Women
Silk Saree
Chikankari Kurti
Ready To Wear Saree
Party Wear Saree
Co Ord Sets Women
Couple Watches
Jewellery Sets
Evil Eye Pendant
Suit Neck Design
Titan Watches For Women
Suits For Women
Lacha
Jumpsuit
Bodycon Dress
Cap
Shop By Trends
Summer Cloths
Cotton Tops
Cotton Shorts
Cotton T Shirts for Men
©
2019 - 2023 Nykaa Fashion Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved