Privacy Policy - OFTV
Home
Creators
Genres
All
Originals
Fitness
Music
Comedy
Podcasts
Wellness
Beauty & Style
Food
Sports & Gaming
Vlogs
How-To
Infotainment
Get the app
Dark Mode
Menu
OF Media LLC PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: August 2020
Welcome to OFTV!
OFTV is a platform where Fans can watch curated programs from Creators. This updated Privacy Policy applies to Fans, Creators, and all users of our platform, and is part of our Terms of Use.
OFTV is a global company. By using our platform, you agree that your personal information that you provide directly to us, or that we collect through your use of the platform, may be transferred to and stored in the United States and handled as described in this Policy.
Information You Provide Through Your Account
This is information that you provide to us through text fields, such as your name, payment information and benefits. The information we collect differs depending on if you make an account, become a Fan, or become a Creator.
First and Last Name
Email address
Username
Password
State and Country of Residence.
You also have the option to add more information to your public profile, such as a location, social media links, and an about section, which we store along with any comments or messages you submit on OFTV.
Fans
A Fan is someone who visits or joins OFTV’s platform to view and support a Creator’s content. At this time, OFTV does not require any payment details.
Creators
A Creator is someone who creates and provides content for their Fans through OFTV’s platform.
At this time, OFTV does not have any payment options so no additional information is required.
We collect information automatically as you navigate the site or through our third party analytics providers. We may store usage information such as the type of device you use to access OFTV, your operating system, browser type, IP address, and device ID, the pages you visit or request, links clicked, referring sites, user interactions and your search terms. We also derive your location from your self-disclosed country, your IP
Information Collected by Third Parties
Cookies
We use Cookies on our website that collect information to allow us and third parties to understand your use of OFTV. Please see our cookie policy for more information on our use of cookies on OFTV.
Social Media Features and Widgets
We use social media features, including the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the Share button or similar interactive mini-programs that run on OFTV. If you provide your social media information to us, we may use it to interact with you on these social networks. These features may collect your IP address and other personal data including which page you are visiting on our site and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on OFTV. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. For more information on the technologies used by these social networks, please refer to their specific privacy notices. We have provided links to the most used social networks below for easy reference:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy
YouTube: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Instagram: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/p/legal/privacy-notice/
How We Use Your Information
If required, we process your information to:
verify your identity to comply with US federal, state, and international laws
allow you to sign in to your account
allow you to support a Creator’s membership program on OFTV
send you emails relevant to your usage, as controlled by your email preferences
reply to your questions
provide to you existing and enhanced services related to your OFTV account
promote your OFTV account for greater discoverability
spotlight and celebrate Creators
market OFTV products and services to you or to audiences similar to you based on your networks  and common factors that others have with you, unless you opt out, as controlled by your email preferences
understand how you use the service, and create better tools for Creators to serve Fans
conduct research and development to improve OFTV and develop future products
prevent fraud and abuse on OFTV
provide you with reasonable accommodation, if you notify us of a disability
Information We Share with Creators
By becoming a Fan of a Creator, you agree to have the following information shared with that Creator if required:
your name and email address, and other profile information you’ve provided
any messages you send Creators through OFTV
some aggregated and anonymized data about how you use OFTV that cannot be linked back to you or to any individual user
Information We Share with Third Parties
We never sell your information to third parties. We will only share data with third parties, other than with Creators, under the following circumstances:
with your consent, to Creators’ service providers, to deliver benefits, such as video streaming on your device
with our service providers, who are companies that are contractually engaged with us to provide us with services, email management, analyzing data trends,  increasing our brand awareness and user engagement with marketing initiatives, and fraud detection and prevention. These companies may have access to your data to perform their services, and are obligated by contract to safeguard any of your data they receive from us to the same extent that OFTV protects it.
to protect the security or integrity of OFTV, and to protect the rights, property, or safety of OFTV, its employees, users, or others, if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or other valid legal process (e.g., subpoenas or warrants served on OFTV). If we are going to release your data, we will do our best to provide you promptly with notice by email, unless we are prohibited by law from doing so.
in connection with the sale, merger, bankruptcy, sale of assets or reorganization of our company. We will notify you if a different company receives your data. The promises in this privacy policy apply to any data transferred to a new entity.
with Zype who may have access to your data to perform their services, and who are obligated by contract to safeguard any of your data they receive from us to the same extent that OFTV protects it.
Information OFTV Collects from Third Party Apps
When you create a OFTV account, you can elect to connect your social account(s) (e.g. Twitter, Facebook, Google, YouTube, Twitch) with OFTV, and we may collect and store some social information from those platforms, such as:
follower or subscriber counts,
post or upload counts,
view, like, and comment counts.
This social information allows us to provide you a better OFTV experience, and also helps guide future development of OFTV. We use this data to:
help Creators and Fans find each other on OFTV
assess how to make Creators more successful on OFTV
analyze and describe our business
Information We Share with the Public
The following information is publicly accessible:
your profile, and your social media links and location if you add that information
any posts, likes, or comments you make
your aggregated or anonymized usage data in blog posts, press releases, or in other ways to share information about OFTV’s usage. Aggregated or anonymized data cannot be linked back to any individual OFTV user.
Your Preferences and Rights over Data
Choosing Your Preferences
The Settings link is located by clicking on your avatar or profile at the top right hand of your screen, after your log into your OFTV account. Settings lets you see your account preferences. You can see and adjust your settings by viewing your preferences and, if you wish, by changing your selections.
Marketing Activities
By agreeing to our terms of use, you expressly agree that OFTV may:
provide you with information about your service, service enhancements, or new OFTV products, while you are on our web site or using our apps.
send you messages regarding your existing service, or enhancements related to your existing service, when you are off our platform, via email, or via text, if you have signed up for a service or event notification that uses text messages.
send you messages related to services we provide which are separate from your existing service via email, from which you may opt out.
market OFTV to you and audiences similar to you based on your networks and common factors  that others have with you, unless you opt out
send you marketing emails or texts if you don’t have a OFTV account but have consented to receiving such messages, from which you may opt out.
ask for demographic information to spotlight and celebrate Creators
promote your account for greater discoverability
ship physical items to you via mail as part of a promotional activity
Opting out of Marketing
You may object to the use of your data for marketing purposes at any time, free of charge, when we collect your personal information and in every marketing communication. You may also object to the use of your data for marketing upon creation of your account or anytime thereafter, by opting out in your account.
Opting out will stop marketing emails. Please allow up to 60 days for your opt-out request to be processed.  If you have an account with OFTV, you will continue to receive service-related emails, and texts, if you have opted into receiving texts. You will also continue to receive service-related shipments of benefits to the designated delivery address.
We will never sell your information to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior consent.
Accessing, Updating or Exporting the Information in Your Account
You can access and update certain information associated with your account on the settings pages.
Deleting Your Account
You may self-initiate a deletion of your account directly at of.tv  You can also email
[email protected]
and request your account be deleted. Please be aware that this is a final act and cannot be reversed.
Turning off Email Notifications
You can change your email notifications in your email settings. While this allows you to stop many notification emails, we will still send some critical service emails.
Turning off Mobile Notifications
If you download the OFTV App you may also receive notifications on your mobile device. These can be disabled in the App settings.
Verification of Requests
Users maintain password protected accounts with OFTV. If you submit a request to exercise your privacy rights, you will be asked to verify the request by logging into your OFTV account.
If we are unable to verify your request, then for your protection, we reserve the right to deny the request.
Compliance with EU Privacy Laws and Privacy Shield
OFTV is an international company that complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We act as Data Controllers, as defined under the GDPR, and process personal data based on our legitimate interests, and for contractual necessity in providing you the Service as described in “How We Use Your Information.” We  also process and share personal information based on notification and users’ consent, which our users may revoke at any time. We apply the same principles of privacy protection to all of our users, not just to data subjects in the EU and UK.
Compliance with California Privacy Laws
Effective January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) allows California residents to request access to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared.
OFTV provides California residents, and all users, the right to view, access, or transport their information at the OFTV Privacy Center. All users also have the right to submit a request for deletion of information by going to the OFTV account and deleting their account.
Exercising Your Data Rights
Users in certain locations may have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) or under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) regarding data that OFTV controls as a Data Controller as defined under the GDPR, including:
the right of access to their personal data;
the right to correct or rectify any inaccurate personal data;
the right to restrict or oppose the processing of personal data;
the right to erase or delete their personal data;
the right to personal data portability; and
the right to opt-out of the sale of personal information.
You can exercise rights over your data on OFTV in the following ways:
accessing, reviewing, modifying, and updating your data by logging into your account at OFTV and going to your account settings.
viewing our privacy policy or viewing our data practices.
deleting your account
deleting a previously-disabled account by emailing OFTV at
[email protected]
opting out of marketing via email
going to FAQ support online for data-related issues, or emailing us at
[email protected]
If you are unable to log into your account, and are unable to recover your account with a password reset in order to lodge your privacy request, then you may reach out to
[email protected]
We reserve the right to decline you access to or recovery of your account, at our discretion, to prevent an unauthorized takeover of your account.
Contacting our Data Protection Officers
If you have privacy concerns or questions, you can contact our European or US Data Protection Officers (DPOs) via email at
[email protected]
You may also mail a letter to the DPO with your questions.
Establishing an Authorized Agent
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. In order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government ID, and the authorized agent’s valid government ID. Please contact
[email protected]
with your request. To protect your information from account takeover, we may decline access to or recovery of your account at our discretion.
Prohibition against Discrimination
We do not discriminate against users who exercise their privacy rights.
Our Data Retention Period
We retain your account information for ten years after your account is last active, unless you delete, or you request us to delete, your account. We may continue to retain some information, even after you delete your account if we are required to do so in order to comply with various laws.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us and we follow industry standards to protect it.
Children
OFTV is not directed at children under the age of 17, and children may not create an account or otherwise use OFTV.
Changes
We may sometimes make changes to this policy. If we make material changes that adversely affect your rights under this policy, we will let you know by posting an announcement on the site or sending you an email in advance of the changes coming into effect. Continuing to use OFTV after a change to this policy means you accept the new policy. If you have any questions, please email
[email protected]
Effective immediately for existing users and users joining OFTV on or after August 5, 2020.
Follow Us!
OFTV is available on multiple devices
Get the app
Android
iOS
Roku
FireTV
AppleTV
AndroidTV
SamsungTV
Are you an OF creator?
Submit videos to OFTV
©
2023
OFTV |
Privacy Policy