MICO's Privacy Policy
MICO's Privacy Policy
Date of Last Revision: August 3, 2022
Welcome to MICO (“Platform”or “MICO”). The Platform is provided and controlled by Mico World Limited (“we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) covers the experience we provide for users age 18 and over on our Platform. For information about our under-18 experience (“Children’s Platform”), please refer to
Privacy Policy for Younger Users.
The Policy was written in English (US). To the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the English version, the English version controls.
The full legal bit
We know that other people’s use of your personal data is a big concern for social network users, so we have developed this Policy to let you know how we process your personal information (“personal data” or “personal information”).
Our Policy applies to your use of the MICO website at
https://www.micous.com
(“MICO” or the “site” which includes the mobile apps). We suggest you read it in conjunction with our
Terms and Conditions of Use
(the “Terms”). When you access or use MICO, you agree to our Policy and you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as we’ve set out in this Policy.
MICO reserves the right to change our Policy at any time, so be sure to check this Policy regularly to understand how we use your information.
By installing, using, registering to or otherwise accessing the services, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with this Policy.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY THEN YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.
The Summary
If you clicked through to here from our Terms and Conditions of Use. You should read this Policy because it will tell you exactly how your personal data is being looked after by MICO and that’s a pretty important thing for you to know. Here are the topics that we cover:
What information do we collect
How we use your information
How we share your information
Your rights
Data storage
Security
Cookies and other technologies
Children
Disclaimer
Contact
I. What information do we collect
We collect information when you create an account and use the Platform. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and behavioral information about your use of the Platform. We also collect information contained in the messages you send through our Platform. More information about the categories and sources of information is provided below.
Information you choose to provide
For certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, make broadcast or contact us directly, you may provide some or all of the following information:
• Registration information, such as age, username and password, language, email or phone number,and social media account
• Profile information, such as name, social media account information(including your nickname as its appears on your social media profile, your user ID and your profile image),and profile image
• User-generated content, including comments, photographs, and virtual item videos that you choose to upload or broadcast on the Platform (“User Content”)
• Payment information, such as PayPal or other third-party payment information (where required for the purpose of payment,we will not retain and collect your credit card name，number or security number)
• Transaction information, such as such as transaction records and history, date, items, amounts
• Your opt-in choices and communication preferences
• Information to verify an account
• Information in correspondence you send to us
• Information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges, sweepstakes, or contests such as your gender, age, likeness, and preferences.
For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user experience, we require users to verify their accounts (because we want to make sure you are not a robot!) and might ask for your phone number or Facebook Account. Don’t worry! This is only to make sure you are real and breathing! We won't use your phone number for marketing purposes.
Information we collect when you use
Once you have created a Profile and used MICO, you may choose to edit your gender, birthday and other information,however, please note that these are not required and you have a choice.We may collect information related to when and how you used our Services. The collected information includes your IP, device information (model, system, MCC), timezone. And we also collect information about mobile operators, network information (5G\4G\3G\WIFI). That information helps us identify your physical location so that you can use "nearby" function to check other users and moments.
When you use our Service, your position, microphone and phone camera shall be used upon your explicit authorization, the certain log file information shall be uploaded by yourself. All such information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service.
If you contact our Customer Support team via Feedback contact@micous.com. We will receive your email address,and may track your IP address as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query. We will keep records of our communications with you, including any complaints that we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you).
Information we obtain from other sources
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:
Social Media.
if you choose to link or sign up using your social network (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google), we may collect information from these social media services, including your information of profile photo, username, gender, birthday, age for our services,if you authorize and consent us to do so.
Third-Party Services.
We may collect information about you from third-party services, such as advertising partners, payment partners and analytics providers.However, please note that this Policy does not and will not extend, which shall be subject to the respective third-party’s privacy policies.
II. How we use your information
We will use your information to fulfill and enforce our
Terms and Conditions of Use
, to improve our Platform and customize your ad experience, we may use your information that we received to:
1. help you efficiently access your information after you sign in;
2. remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;
3. provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include customized content, online ads or other forms of marketing;
4. provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service;
5. develop and test new products and features;
6. monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;
7. diagnose or fix technology problems, to fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback;
8. help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform, such as anti-money laundering and anti-financing terrorism;
9. ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law);
10. may use material that you post on the open access areas of MICO in advertising and promotional materials on our partner sites and partner products;
11. combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes;
12. for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
III. How we share your information
We are committed to maintaining your trust and personal information safety, we will not provide, disclose or share your personal information to or with any third parties unless we have obtained your consent or such provision, disclosure or sharing of personal information is permitted under applicable laws.
Service Providers and Business Partners
In cases where you use the services of our business partner or services provided by service providers,we may share the categories of personal information listed above with service providers and business partners to help us perform business operations and for business purposes, including research, payment processing and transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, administering contests and special offers, technology services, deliveries, email deployment, advertising, analytics, measurement, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, marketing, and data processing.
For the User Content collected by us, which may use as advertising material through third party companies. If you have concerns about it, please contact us via
contact@micous.com
.
Within Our Corporate Group
We may share your information with a parent, subsidiary, or other affiliate of our corporate group for better service. We will take measures to have our group companies with which the personal information is shared comply with this Policy.
Succession of business
If there is any transaction between companies pertaining to our business to which this Policy is applicable, such as acquisition, merger or change of business entity, personal information may also be transferred to the successor of the business to the extent permitted under applicable laws.
For Legal Reasons
We will cooperate with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights and we will also cooperate with law enforcement enquiries from within or outside your country of residence. So we may disclose your information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of MICO, the Platform, our affiliates, users, or the public believe that disclosure We may also share your information to enforce any terms applicable to the Platform, to exercise or defend any legal claims, and comply with any applicable law in our discretion.
With Your Consent
We may share information for other purposes pursuant to your consent or with your further direction.
If you access third-party services, such as Apple, Facebook, Google, or Twitter, to login to the Platform or to share information about your usage on the Platform with others, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on the Platform, together with other information including log data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Platform, in accordance with their privacy policies.
To ensure you get to meet as many people as possible on MICO, other users will have chance to check your information you post on Profile. If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, You should be cautious to disclose personal information while engaging. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other MICO users to know about you. And you should be aware that any information you share may be read, collected, or used by other users.
IV. Your Rights
To the extent permitted under applicable laws, regarding your personal information that we process, you have the right to access, the right to rectification, the right to erasure, the right to restriction of processing, the right to withdrawal of your consent, the right to data portability, the right to confirm if we process any personal information of yours, and the right to request a review of any automated decisions that may be made as a result of the processing. And, we will not discriminate against you for exercising any rights.However, please note that you just have one chance to change your gender information if you provided it.
If you wish to exercise your right against us to process your personal information, correct or delete your personal information that is contrary to facts, notify you of the purpose of use of your personal information, or other rights permitted under applicable laws, you may contact us via
contact@micous.com
After verification of your identity, we will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time, and in accordance with relevant laws.If, however, permitted under applicable laws, we may not be able to respond to your request when any of the following applies:
• is likely to harm the life,body,property,or other rights or interests of yours or another individual/user;
• is likely yo seriously impede the proper execution of our business;
• is likely to violate other laws and regulations;
• when you failed to verify your identity; or
• we are otherwise permitted under applicable laws to refuse your request.
If you no longer wish to use MICO or if you withdraw your consent to MICO's processing of your personal information which is necessary for us to provide MICO, you may choose to delete your entire MICO's account by the following steps：
• Open MICO
• Tap Settings>Account and security>More>Delete Account
• Choose one reason for leaving and Click Delete Account
Please note that deleting your account is an irreversible process, which we can't revert even if you perform it by accident.
However, the withdrawal of your consent will not in any way affect the lawfulness of our processing of your Personal Data based on your consent that was given before the foregoing withdrawal.
V. Data Storage
MICO is a global social app operating through servers located in a number of countries around the world, including the United States.In providing our Services, we may store your personal information outside the country or region where you reside. When that happens, we will take measures to ensure your personal information is processing and storage according to the applicable laws.Meanwhile, we will retain the foregoing information for a minimum period,we may  automatically delete from our server or continue to retain personal information in a format in which individuals cannot be identified after the lapse of the storage period prescribed pursuant to applicable laws and our internal rules.
VI. Security
How does MICO protect your personal information?
MICO has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including your personal information. MICO uses reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information such as secured servers using firewalls. Our technical experts at MICO work hard to ensure your secure use of our site.
While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our application, member database and records no website or Internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use.
We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information we have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent unauthorised access.
How do you keep your information secure?
You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any third parties. If you lose your password or give it out, your personal information may be compromised. If that happens, please report it to Support via Feedback. You must change your password immediately via your “Settings” page. MICO cannot be held responsible for your failure to keep your password secure and failure to do so may violate our Terms and Conditions of Use.
VII. Cookies and other technologies
Cookies and other technologies
To make the application work effectively, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most application’s developer do this. A cookies is a small text file that application saves when you visit the site. It enable the application to remember your actions and preferences, designed to improved use experience.
You can control whether or not to accept cookies based on settings or by using other tools. If,however, you deactivate cookies or limit the ability to set cookies, you may not be able to obtain the full benefit of our services or access all of its functions, which may limit your overall user experience.
Other technologies
We may install modules of other companies in the SUGO to analyze how the service and product have been used or provided. With regard to your personal information that is processed by a third-party through a module provided by such third party,the privacy policy of such third party will aplly and we also encourage you review it(if any).
VIII. Children
You represent and warrant that you have the right capacity and legal capacity required for using MICO. The Platform otherwise is not directed to children under the age of 18. In certain cases this age may be different due to local regulatory requirements, please see your local privacy policy for more information. If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a person under the age of 18 we will delete this information and terminate the person’s account. If you believe that we have collected information from a child under the age of 18 on the Platform, please contact us at
contact@micous.com
. We will deactivate the relevant Account(s) and will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such Personal Data from our records.
IX. Disclaimer
You can use our instant message function, which allows you to communicate with other users of MICO. But we recommend and encourage you (and all our users) to consider carefully about the disclosed information of other users . We also do not recommend that you put email addresses, URLs, instant messaging details, phone numbers, full names , addresses, credit card details, national identity numbers or drivers’ licence details and other sensitive information in your Profile ,which is open to abuse and misuse.
Moreover, please be careful to post sensitive details about yourself on you Profile such as your religious denomination and health details. While you may voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your Profile, including your sexual preferences and ethnic background, there is no obligation to do so. Please remember that any photographs or video clips that you post on MICO may reveal these kinds of sensitive personal data. When you upload and post these sensitive information about yourself, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of your information. And you will at your own risk to do this, if you post anything which is inconsistent with our Terms and Conditions of Use, we reserve the right to disable your account.
IIX. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to
contact@micous.com.
MICO website：
https://www.micous.com
attached：
Privacy Policy for Younger Users
Last updated: April 2nd, 2020
MICO World Limited(“MICO”, “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy of children. This Privacy Policy for Younger Users explains our information collection practices with respect to information provided by users under the age of 18(“Younger Users” or “you”).
Technically, we do not provide our service to Younger Users under the age of 18, as for purpose of protecting children, we, hereby release this Policy. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should read and agree to this privacy policy under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians before using and related services.
We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations, and will only collect, use, share or disclose the personal information of minors if it is necessary for the legal permission, parents or other guardians' express consent or protection of minors.
What information do we collect from Younger Users?
When a Younger User registers for MICO, we collect only limited information, including username, password, and birthday.
We may also collect certain information automatically from the user’s device, including internet or other network activity information such as device ID, IP address, web browser type and version, country-level location, as well as certain app activity data.
How do we use the information we collect?
We use the information we collect to provide and support our services. For example, we use username and password to authenticate Younger Users.
We may use the information to protect the security or integrity of the user and our service; perform analytics and troubleshoot; and ensure legal or regulatory compliance.
The information collected will not be used for any commercial purposes (including but not limited to: advertising and marketing) and will not be Shared with third parties for any commercial purposes.
Younger Users cannot publicly share personal information, including videos or profile information.
How do we share the information we collect?
We may disclose personal information if permitted or required by law (i) in response to a court order or a subpoena; (ii) in response to a law enforcement or public agency’s (including schools or children services) request; (iii) if we believe disclosure may prevent the instigation of a crime, facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of Younger Users using our sites or applications; (iv) to protect the security or integrity of our sites, applications, and other technology, as well as the technology of our service providers; or (v) enable us to take precautions against liability.
The security of your information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your information, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted through the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk.
We will not sell the information of Younger Users to third parties.
Choices
You may submit a request to access or delete the information we have collected about you by sending your request to us via email. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. And we do not discriminate based on the exercise of any privacy rights that you might have.
Changes
We will generally notify all users of any material changes to this policy, through a notice on the platform. However, users should look at this policy regularly to check for any changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to:
Email Address:
contact@micous.com