Temp Number | Terms of Use
Temp Number
Home
Temp Mail
FAQ
Terms
Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Rules and Policies Governing Usage
The usage of temp-number.com website, including all content, services, and products, is governed by the following terms and policies. By accessing or using any part of the website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, then you may not access the website or use any services.
Temp-number.com reserves the right to refuse or remove any content that violates its policies or is harmful or objectionable. Temp-number.com may also terminate or deny access to the website to any individual or entity for any reason. Temp-number.com has no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
You may terminate this agreement or your temp-number.com account by discontinuing use of the website. All provisions of this agreement that should survive termination will do so.
The website is provided "as is" and temp-number.com disclaims all warranties, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Temp-number.com and its suppliers and licensors make no warranty that the website will be error-free or uninterrupted.
In no event shall temp-number.com or its suppliers be liable for any damages, including special, incidental, or consequential damages, or for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to temp-number.com.
You represent and warrant that your use of the website will be in strict accordance with temp-number.com's privacy policy, this agreement, and all applicable laws and regulations.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless temp-number.com and its contractors and licensors from any claims arising from your use of the website.
This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between temp-number.com and you and may only be modified by a written amendment or revised version posted by temp-number.com. Your privacy is respected, and no personally identifying information is kept. Non-personally-identifying information is collected for website usage analysis purposes only. Temp-number.com may release this information publicly or provide it to others but will not collect or disclose personally-identifying information unless required to by law. Google is used as an advertisement vendor and employs cookies to serve ads on this site. Temp-number.com has no access to the cookies used by Google or other advertising vendors.
© 2020 Temp Number. All rights reserved.
x
x