Privacy Policy – Privacy Policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Posted by
Amit Verma
November 18, 2020
Posted in
Uncategorized
PRIVACY POLICY
“NAMIT” we collects information from you in order to provide better service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information. We made apps like Lock Screen , Flash Alerts ,AppLock etc.
What information we use and how we use it:
1) Information that we collect :- Information that we get about you from other services Such as Google Play and others. This information includes:
Read your text messages (SMS or MMS) :- We do not save or upload your messages. We use this Permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Read phone status and identity :- This permission allows “NAMIT” to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller name while some one is calling, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Take Pictures and videos :- This Permission allows “NAMIT” to use your device’s camera to take Photos / Videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash.We do not save or upload your photos/videos.
Microphone: we can use a microphone for entertainment purpose only, in some app only. we can not collect any personal voice or recording.
Accounts : “NAMIT” is never collect any personal accounts or account ids for personal use.
Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi :- This permission is used in “NAMIT”settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
Device information :- Device-specific information such as your hardware model and operating system version. We DO NOT collect any of your unique identification.
Read Your Contacts :- “NAMIT” does not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts Real App Developer bar.
Adjust your wallpaper size :- This permission allows users to crop “NAMIT” wallpaper to the desired size.
Set wallpaper :- This permission allows users to set a selected “NAMIT” image as their wallpaper.
Photos,Media,Files :- We can not access any personal pictures,Videos or any Files for personal use, User can Access his selected pictures only for making a photo frame,video,we can not collect those photo,Video or any files.
Camera: We can access camera for take a photo of user in creating her/his photo frame and we can not access his personal photo or any personal videos.
Anonymous identifiers :- we use anonymous identifiers when you interact with services such as advertising services and others.
2) How we share your information :- We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public or “NAMIT”.
3) Children’s Privacy :- We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
4) Changes to the Privacy Policy :- “NAMIT” may, in its sole discretion, Change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically..
5) How we Protect your information :- We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However,please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
6) Security :- “NAMIT” is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
7) Advertisement in App :- We use StartApp SDK for advertisements in our applications. There could be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects.
8) Contact us :- If you have any Suggestions,Feedback or Requests, Please Contact us on our Email us at
namitverma007@gmail.com
Thank You…
Copyright ©2016 All Rights Reserved “NAMIT”
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Related
Posted by
Amit Verma
November 18, 2020
Posted in
Uncategorized
Post navigation
Previous Post
Previous post:
Introduce Yourself (Example Post)
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Enter your comment here...
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
Email
(required)
(Address never made public)
Name
(required)
Website
You are commenting using your WordPress.com account.
(
Log Out
/
Change
)
You are commenting using your Facebook account.
(
Log Out
/
Change
)
Cancel
Connecting to %s
Notify me of new comments via email.
Notify me of new posts via email.
Δ
Privacy Policy
,
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
Privacy Policy
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Privacy Policy
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this:
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started