KFC | Terms & Conditions
OUR MENU
BIG DEALS
FIND A KFC
About KFC
ORDER NOW
£0.00
Please select your KFC to see the relevant menu and offers.
SELECT
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions ("the Terms") apply to the web site www.kfc.co.uk and any other websites or apps run by Kentucky Fried Chicken (Great Britain) Limited ("KFC" and "We" and "Us") (the "Sites"). Please read these Terms carefully. If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms then you should not access the Sites . Access of the Sites by you shall be deemed to be your acceptance of these Terms.
Any prize promotions contained on the Sites shall also be governed by the particular terms and conditions for that prize promotion.
You may not assign, sub-license or otherwise transfer any of your rights under these Terms.
ACCESS TO THE SITES
Our Sites are made available free of charge.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our Sites.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who have access to our Sites through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and all other applicable Terms, and that they comply with them.
INFORMATION ON THE SITES
KFC strives to ensure that the information contained on its Sites is accurate and reliable. However, KFC and the World Wide Web (or Web Site Host) are not infallible and errors may sometimes occur. You should take appropriate steps to verify all information on the Sites before acting upon it. KFC may from time to time revise the information, services and the resources contained in the Sites and reserves the right to make such changes without any obligation to notify past, current or prospective visitors/users. We do not guarantee that our Sites, or any content on them, will be free from errors or omissions.
Unless otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise the Sites relate to the business of KFC in the United Kingdom only.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
This Site contains many of the valuable trademarks owned and used by KFC and its subsidiaries and affiliates throughout the world to distinguish its quality products and services. These trademarks and related proprietary property are protected from copying and simulation under national and international laws and are not to be reproduced or copied without the express written permission of KFC or its relevant subsidiaries and affiliates.
The graphic images, buttons and text contained in the Sites (and the Sites' 'look and feel') are the exclusive property of KFC and, except for personal use, may not be copied, distributed, or reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any mean, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of KFC. The content, arrangement and layout of the Sites, including, but not limited to, the trademarks, service marks, package designs, text, and content, are proprietary and are protected from copying, imitation, communication, or simulation under domestic and international laws and are not to be reproduced, communicated, displayed, distributed, or transmitted without the express written permission of KFC.
Any unauthorized use of the materials, structure, sequence, arrangement, or design of the Sites, or trademarks, service marks, or trade dress found within the Sites may violate civil or criminal laws, including, but not limited to, copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
By visiting the Sites you not acquire or obtain by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use or make additional copies of any materials or information displayed on the Sites.
If you copy or download any part of our Sites in breach of these Terms, your right to use our Sites will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
VIRUSES
We do not guarantee that our Sites will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access our Sites. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our Sites by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our Sites, the servers on which our Sites are stored or any server, computer or database connected to our Sites. You must not attack our Sites via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our Sites will cease immediately.
LINKING TO OUR SITES
You may link to the home page of www.kfc.co.uk, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our Sites in any website that is not owned by you.
Our Sites must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our Sites other than the home page of www.kfc.co.uk
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND RESOURCES IN OUR SITES
The Sites may link to sites which are not maintained or related to KFC. Hypertext links are provided as a service to users and are not sponsored by or affiliated with the Sites or KFC. KFC has not reviewed any of all of the sites hyper-linked to or from the Sites and is not responsible for the content of any other sites. The links are to be accessed at your own risk and KFC makes no representations or warranties about the content, completeness, or accuracy of these links or the sites hyperlinked to the Sites . Further, KFC does not implicitly endorse third-party sites hyperlinked to the Sites . KFC will also not be responsible for the content of any third party advertising or sponsorship that may appear on the Sites nor for compliance of the same with any laws or regulations.
The Sites may also contain references to other company, brand and product names. These company, brand and product names are used herein for identification purposes only and may be the trademarks of their respective owners. The images of people or places displayed, forms, structures, and graphics displayed or found within the Sites are either the property of, or used with permission by KFC. KFC may be, but is not necessarily sponsored by or affiliated with any of the owners of the other company, brand or product name appearing on the Sites, and makes no representations about them, their owners, their products or services. Any use by you of these marks, names and logos may constitute an infringement of the holders' rights.
LIMITATION OF OUR LIABILITY
Nothing in these Terms excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law.
As referred to above, our Sites are made available free of charge. As a consequence by entering the Sites , you acknowledge and agree that the use of the Sites is at your own risk and to the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to our Sites or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: Use of, or inability to use, our Sites; Use of or reliance on any content displayed on our Sites. If you are a business user, please note that in particular we will not be liable for: Loss of profits, sales, business or revenue; Business interruption; Loss of anticipated savings; Loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or Any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide our Sites for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our Sites for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of- service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our Sites or to your downloading of any content on it, or on any website linked to it.
We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on our Sites. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by Us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Any software is downloaded at your own risk. If you are in any doubt as to the suitability of the software to be downloaded for your computer it is recommended that you obtain specialist advice before downloading it.
SEVERANCE OF TERMS
If any part of these Terms is, at any time, found to be invalid by a court, tribunal or other forum of competent jurisdiction, or otherwise rendered unenforceable, that decision shall not invalidate or void the remainder of these Terms. These Terms shall be deemed amended by modifying or severing such part as necessary to render them valid, legal and enforceable while preserving their intent, or if that is not possible, by substituting another provision that is valid, legal and enforceable that gives equivalent effect to the parties' intent. Any such invalid or unenforceable part or parts shall be severable from these Terms, or the validity of the part(s) in question in any other jurisdiction shall not be affected thereby.
APPLICABLE LAW
These Terms are governed by the laws of England and Wales and you agree that the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute. The Sites are intended for use only by persons who access them from within the UK & Ireland. Goods advertised, displayed or provided on this Sites are available only to residents of (or companies incorporated in) the UK & Ireland. We make no representation that any material contained on this Site is appropriate for any other jurisdiction.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS
We may revise these Terms at any time by amending this page. Please check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you.
TRADEMARKS
KFC name, design and related marks are trademarks of Kentucky Fried Chicken (Great Britain) Limited. 2022 Kentucky Fried Chicken, all rights reserved.
CONTACT US
The Sites are owned and operated by Kentucky Fried Chicken (Great Britain) Limited a company registered in England and Wales, whose registered office is at Orion Gate, Guildford Road, Surrey, Woking GU22 7NJ Company registration number: 967403 VAT number: 414021513. To contact us please telephone: 01483 717000.
WEBSITE ORDERING
These terms and conditions apply to all orders made online through KFC’s website, so it’s important that you read through them before you submit an order. By submitting an order on our website, you are telling us that you agree to everything set out here. We may need to change these terms and conditions from time to time – the terms posted on this page at the time that you submit your order will be the ones that apply to your order.
KFC stores in the UK are owned and operated either by the company Kentucky Fried Chicken (Great Britain) Limited (“KFC”) or by one of its franchisees. When you place a delivery order on our website, KFC will accept your order either on its own behalf or as an agent on behalf of its franchisees. If we accept an order on behalf of one of our franchisees, the legal contract relating to your order is between you and the franchisee that operates the store which fulfils your order.
You can only place an order on our website if you’re over the age of 18. If you place an order, you are confirming to us that you are at least 18 years old and legally capable of entering into a contract to buy our products.
REGISTRATION
Account
: The easiest way for you to place an online order for delivery is to create an account with us. You can also place an order as a guest – either way, we will ask you to give us the information that we need to process your order, including your name, delivery address and contact details. We will rely on this information, so please ensure that all details you give us are true, accurate and complete and please update your account if your details change. If you provide us with your email address, we will take this as confirmation that you are happy for e-mail to be used as our primary form of communication for contractual purposes.
Security
: When you create an account you will be asked to select a username and password, which will be used to secure your account. The security of your account is your responsibility, and you will be responsible if someone else uses your account, unless you can prove that your account was accessed fraudulently. So please don’t share your username and password with anyone else! If you believe that the security of your account has been compromised, please let us know immediately so that we can investigate what has happened. We may need to suspend your account while we carry out our investigation.
Verification
: We may need to verify the information you have provided to us when registering your account, using a verification email sent to your given email address. To enable us to complete our verification process we may need to access relevant information about you held by third parties (including social networks). By registering with us, you are agreeing to this verification process and to us accessing relevant information held by third parties. Your use of our website may be limited until we have completed our verification process.
Data Protection
: We will collect, store and process your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which forms part of these terms and conditions. Please have a read of our Privacy Policy to make sure you are happy with its contents. By creating an account, you are telling us that you agree to everything set out in our Privacy Policy.
PRODUCTS
The KFC menu items offered for delivery by KFC are shown on the delivery menu pages of our website, for the restaurant you select, as updated from time to time. There may be some products we sell in store that aren’t available for delivery via our website. Our delivery menu has been specially created to ensure that we can bring you the same great KFC experience you have in our restaurants, at home. Our products are made fresh to order, so although we make your food with a lot of love, at times the products you order may vary slightly from the images of the products shown on our website.
Prices
: The prices of our products are shown on the delivery menu pages on our website, as updated from time to time. Our delivery prices may be different to what you’re used to paying in-store. Prices may also vary from store to store and depending on the type, quantity and/or size of the products ordered as well as any variations, amendments or upgrades you order. All our prices are inclusive of VAT and any other applicable taxes. Should you require a VAT receipt for your order please contact delivery@kfc.co.uk and include your order confirmation email. We will do our best to get this to you as quickly as possible but it may take up to 28 days when we are exceptionally busy.
Allergy sufferers & vegetarians
: We don’t use nuts in our products, but some ingredients are made in factories that handle nuts. As we don’t have a separate nut-free or vegetarian preparation or cooking areas, if you have a nut or any other allergy or are a vegetarian we recommend that you do not order online. We can cater better for your allergies and preferences if you visit us in-store. For full ingredient lists, nutritional and allergen information
click here
.
Halal
: Some of our restaurants prepare halal food but we cannot guarantee that food prepared in these restaurants will remain halal during the delivery process. So at present our service is not HFA certified.
Availability
: As all of our products are made fresh to order, it is possible that we might run out of stock from time to time. Whilst we will make every effort to remove these out of stock items from our website as soon as possible we may need to substitute part of your order for something of equal or greater value. We apologise if this happens and if you have any issues with your substitution please
contact our customer care team
.
THE WEBSITE ORDERING PROCESS
Delivery areas:
When you enter your postcode and address, we will let you know if we are able to offer delivery to your area or not. Please note final confirmation will only be made when you checkout. If we don’t deliver in your area or if one of our restaurants has had to close for any reason then we are very sorry but we won’t be able to accept your order. If we don’t currently deliver to your area, don’t worry, we’re working as fast as we can to get to you. If you’d like to know when delivery is available in your area email us with your postcode and we will let you know. We may need to withdraw delivery areas from time to time but we’ll try our best not to do this to avoid disappointment.
Delivery and service fees:
We currently charge a delivery fee and a service fee. The delivery fee contributes to delivering to your door and the service fee contributes to the management of your order. On orders below a certain amount, we charge a small order fee.  We may choose to vary these fees in the future, but these will be itemised in your basket before you checkout.
Order confirmation
: We’ll show you the price of the products in your basket before you confirm your order. Once you have submitted your order, payment has been authorised and our store has confirmed that they can accept your order, you will see a confirmation notification on your screen. Your order is not complete until you see this confirmation notification. You will also receive a confirmation email. Please make sure that the email address, delivery address and telephone number you have provided us with are correct, as we will need the correct details to get your order to you. We may sometimes have to cancel orders even if they have been confirmed – we will make sure that this only happens as a last resort and we will contact you as soon as we can to let you know that we won’t be able to fulfil your order.
Changes to your order:
To make sure we get your delivery to you as soon as possible, we start preparing your food as soon as your order has been confirmed. So unfortunately it’s not possible to make any changes or to cancel your order once we have sent your order confirmation. Because you are buying food, the cooling off rights granted by the Consumer Rights Act 2016 do not apply.
Preferences & Problems
: You are responsible for ensuring that any saved order details and any saved payment card information is up-to-date. Make sure you check your order confirmation email carefully in case it’s not what you are expecting. If you experience any problems when trying to place an order, please
contact our customer care team
.
PAYMENT
You will be held responsible for the payment of all orders that you place through our website. Please make sure that the credit or debit card you are using is your own and that there are sufficient funds in your account to cover payment of for your order. We accept a variety of credit and debit card payments, which are listed on the checkout screen. By clicking “pay”, you agree that we may charge the total amount to your selected payment method. Once you have submitted your order using your chosen payment method, your credit or debit card will be authorised and the total order amount marked for payment. If your order has failed or you do not receive an order number and your KFC transaction is 'pending' on your bank account, this will automatically be funded back into your account within 3 - 5 days and there is no need to contact us. If your payment is declined, we will cancel your order and we’ll let you know that we’ve had to do this.
REFUNDS
If you wish to seek a refund for any reason, including if the products are unsatisfactory or for other reasons, please contact the KFC Deliveroo team on +441200309015 who will be able to help you.
Where we are processing refund requests, please be aware that we may ask you to provide reasonable evidence (such as photographs) demonstrating a reported issue with your order. In addition, and prior to processing any refund request, we may take other relevant factors into account, such as the details of your order and its delivery, your account data and ordering history, transaction data and information received from the restaurant and delivery partner. Your legal rights are not affected by anything in these terms.
DELIVERY
Delivery times:
We try our best to make sure that you get your order within 40 minutes of placing it. It’s important that you remain at the delivery address you’ve given us to receive your order. If you’re not in to receive your order the delivery driver may try to call you but we can’t leave it behind a plant pot (sorry!) and we are not able to refund for delivery orders as all of our food is freshly cooked and we can’t resell it.
Delays
: Sometimes there may be reasons outside of our control that mean we can’t deliver your order within our targeted delivery time. Please check the progress of your order on the order status page. In the rare event that delivery is seriously delayed we may have to cancel your order. We will of course notify you of this and ensure that you are given a full refund.
Delivery drivers
: We use third party delivery specialists to deliver orders from our restaurants to your door. Our delivery services partners have been hand-picked to provide the best possible service, so please let us know if you have received outstanding service or if you are unhappy with the service you have received by giving us your feedback here, and we will pass this on.
Delivery drivers will only deliver to the main door/reception when delivering to apartment blocks, flats or hotels, so please make sure you come to meet them there.
Please be nice to your delivery driver - they are bringing you yummy KFC! We reserve the right to blacklist any delivery address if any delivery driver reports aggressive or abusive behaviour towards them.
Use of our products
: We deliver our products to you so that you can enjoy them yourself or with your friends and family. You agree that you will not re-sell any KFC products delivered to you or use them for any other commercial purposes.
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS
If KFC or one of our franchisees fails to comply with these terms and conditions, we (or the relevant franchisee) will be responsible for any loss or damage you suffer as a direct result of our failure, up to the value of your order. Neither KFC or its franchisees will be responsible for any loss or damage that is not a direct or foreseeable result of its failure to comply with these terms.
If you fail to comply with these terms and conditions, you will be responsible for any costs that we or our franchisees incur as a direct result of your failure. If we or our franchisees delay in or fail to enforce our rights under these terms and conditions, that does not mean that we lose the right to do so or that you do not have to comply with your obligations under these terms and conditions. Any waiver of our rights will only be effective if it is made clear in writing to you.
COMPLAINTS
If you are unhappy with the service you have received, please contact us and we will do our best to get to the bottom of what happened and why.
DISPUTES
If you believe that we have not complied with these terms and conditions, please contact us. We hope that we will be able to deal with any issues between us, but if you are not happy with the outcome after we have tried to resolve the issue with you, you can refer the matter for alternative dispute resolution, including online dispute resolution at
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
.
In the event that a claim is brought in connection with these terms and conditions, it will be dealt with in the courts of England and governed by the law of England and Wales.
MOBILE APP ORDERING
These terms and conditions apply to all orders made through the KFC mobile application (the “App”), so it’s important that you read through them before you submit an order. You may order products directly from KFC via the App for home delivery (
“Delivery Orders”
), or if you wish to collect your order at a Drive Thru or in-restaurant (for dine-in or takeaway) (
“Collection Orders”
), depending on which restaurant you choose.
By submitting an order on our App, you are telling us that you agree to everything set out here. We may need to change these terms and conditions from time to time – the terms posted on this page at the time that you submit your order will be the ones that apply to your order.
KFC stores in the UK are owned and operated either by the company Kentucky Fried Chicken (Great Britain) Limited (“KFC”) or by one of its franchisees. When you place and confirm a Mobile Ordering order on our App, KFC will accept your order either on its own behalf or as an agent on behalf of its franchisees. If we accept an order on behalf of one of our franchisees, the legal contract relating to your order is between you and the franchisee that operates the store which fulfils your order.
You can only place an order on our App if you’re over the age of 13. If you are at least 13 years old but not yet 18 years old, you must review these terms and conditions with your parent or guardian. If you place an order, you are confirming to us that you are either at least 18 years old and legally capable of entering into a contract to buy our products, or are at least 13 years old but not yet 18 years old and have your parent or guardian’s permission to enter into a contract to buy our products.
REGISTRATION
Account:
The only way for you to place a Mobile Order is to create a KFC App account with us. When you create an account, we will ask you to give us the information that we need to process your order, including your name and contact details. We will rely on this information, so please ensure that all details you give us are true, accurate and complete and please update your account if your details change. When you provide us with your email address, we will take this as confirmation that you are happy for e-mail to be used as our primary form of communication for contractual purposes.
Security:
When you create an account, you will be asked to select a username and password, which will be used to secure your account. The security of your account is your responsibility, and you will be responsible if someone else uses your account, unless you can prove that your account was accessed fraudulently. So please don’t share your username and password with anyone else! If you believe that the security of your account has been compromised, please let us know immediately so that we can investigate what has happened. We may need to suspend your account while we carry out our investigation.
Verification
: We may need to verify the information you have provided to us when registering your account, using a verification email sent to your given email address. To enable us to complete our verification process we may need to access relevant information about you held by third parties (including social networks). By registering with us, you are agreeing to this verification process and to us accessing relevant information held by third parties. Your use of our App may be limited until we have completed our verification process.
Data Protection:
We will collect, store and process your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which forms part of these terms and conditions. Please have a read of our Privacy Policy to make sure you are happy with its contents. By creating an account, you are telling us that you have read and understood everything set out in our
Privacy Policy
PRODUCTS
The KFC menu items offered for delivery or collection are shown on the menu pages on the App for the restaurant you select, as updated from time to time. There may be some products we sell in store that aren’t available on our App. Our products are made fresh to order, so although we make your food with a lot of love, at times the products you order may vary slightly from the images of the products shown on our App or website.
Prices:
The prices of our products shown on our App restaurant menu pages are updated from time to time. Prices may vary from store to store and depending on the type, quantity and/or size of the products ordered as well as any variations, amendments or upgrades you order. All our prices are inclusive of VAT and any other applicable taxes. Should you require a VAT receipt for your order please contact delivery@kfc.co.uk and include your order confirmation email. We will do our best to get this to you as quickly as possible, but it may take up to 28 days when we are exceptionally busy.
Allergy sufferers & vegetarians
: We don’t use nuts in our products, but some ingredients are made in factories that handle nuts. As we don’t have a separate nut-free or vegetarian preparation or cooking areas, if you have a nut or any other allergy or are a vegetarian we recommend that you do not order via our App. We can cater better for your allergies and preferences if you visit us and complete your order in-store. For full ingredient lists, nutritional and allergen information
click here
.
Halal
: Some of our restaurants prepare halal food but we cannot guarantee that food prepared in these restaurants will remain halal during the delivery process. So at present our service is not HFA certified.
Availability
: As all of our products are made fresh to order, it is possible that we might run out of stock from time to time. Whilst we will make every effort to remove these out of stock items from the Mobile Ordering menu on our App as soon as possible we may need to substitute part of your order for something of equal or greater value if we have run out of certain stock. We apologise if this happens and invite you to discuss this with our restaurant manager for Collection Orders. For Delivery Orders via the App, please contact the KFC Deliveroo team on +441200309015 who will be able to help you. If you have any issues that are unresolved following your discussions with the restaurant manager or the KFC Deliveroo team, please
contact our customer care team
.
THE MOBILE APP ORDERING PROCESS
Mobile Ordering restaurants:
When you enter a city, town or postcode, or allow the App to use your location, we will list restaurants near to you which offer Mobile Ordering. By clicking 'Order From Here' on a particular restaurant in the App, you are agreeing to place your order from that specific restaurant (as identified in the confirmation email you receive once you have completed your order (the "Selected Restaurant"). If there are no restaurants close to you which currently offer Mobile Ordering, unfortunately we will not be able to accept your order via Mobile Ordering - we are working as fast as we can though to roll out Mobile Ordering across our restaurants. We may need to withdraw Mobile Ordering from certain restaurants from time to time but we’ll try our best not to do this to avoid disappointment.
Delivery areas:
When you enter a city, town or postcode, or allow the App to use your location, we will let you know if we are able to offer delivery to your area or not. Please note final confirmation will only be made when you checkout. If we don’t deliver in your area or if one of our restaurants has had to close for any reason then we are very sorry but we won’t be able to accept your order. If we don’t currently deliver to your area, don’t worry, we’re working as fast as we can to get to you. If you’d like to know when delivery is available in your area email us with your postcode and we will let you know. We may need to withdraw delivery areas from time to time but we’ll try our best not to do this to avoid disappointment.
Delivery and service fees:
We currently charge a delivery fee and a service fee. The delivery fee contributes to delivering to your door and the service fee contributes to the management of your order. On orders below a certain amount, we charge a small order fee. We may choose to vary these fees in the future, but these will be itemised in your basket before you checkout.
Order confirmation
: We’ll show you the price of the products in your basket before you confirm your order. Once you have submitted your order, payment has been authorised and our store has confirmed that they can accept your order, you will see a confirmation notification on your screen. Your order is not complete until you see this confirmation notification. You will also receive a confirmation email. In the App, you can find your order number on our live tracking page when selecting 'orders' as on the menu screen. Please make sure that the email address, delivery address and telephone number you have provided us with are correct, as we will need the correct details to get your order to you. We may sometimes have to cancel orders even if they have been confirmed – we will make sure that this only happens as a last resort and we will contact you as soon as we can to let you know that we won’t be able to fulfil your order.
Changes to your order
: To make sure we get your delivery to you as soon as possible, we start preparing your food as soon as your order has been confirmed. So unfortunately it’s not possible to make any changes or to cancel your order once we have sent your order confirmation. Because you are buying food, the cooling off rights granted by the Consumer Rights Act 2016 do not apply.
Preferences & Problems
: You are responsible for ensuring that any saved order details and any saved payment card information is up-to-date. Make sure you check your order confirmation email carefully in case it’s not what you are expecting. If you experience any problems when trying to place an order, please
contact our customer care team
.
PAYMENT
Order process and payment
: You will be held responsible for the payment of all orders that you place through our App. Please make sure that the credit or debit card you are using is your own and that there are sufficient funds in your account to cover payment of for your order. We accept a variety of credit and debit card payments, which are listed on the checkout screen. By clicking “pay”, you agree that we may charge the total amount to your selected payment method. Once you have submitted your order using your chosen payment method, your credit or debit card will be authorised and the total order amount marked for payment.  If your order has failed or you do not receive an order number and your KFC transaction is 'pending' on your bank account, this will automatically be funded back into your account within 3 - 5 days and there is no need to contact us. If your payment is declined, we will cancel your order and we’ll let you know that we’ve had to do this.
Refunds:
If you wish to seek a refund for any reason, including if the products are unsatisfactory or for other reasons, please contact the KFC Deliveroo team on +441200309015 who will be able to help you.
Where we are processing refund requests, please be aware that we may ask you to provide reasonable evidence (such as photographs) demonstrating a reported issue with your order. In addition, and prior to processing any refund request, we may take other relevant factors into account, such as the details of your order and its delivery, your account data and ordering history, transaction data and information received from the restaurant and delivery partner. Your legal rights are not affected by anything in these terms.
DELIVERY
Delivery times
: We try our best to make sure that you get your order within 40 minutes of placing it. It’s important that you remain at the delivery address you’ve given us to receive your order. If you’re not in to receive your order the delivery driver may try to call you but we can’t leave it behind a plant pot (sorry!) and we are not able to refund for delivery orders as all of our food is freshly cooked and we can’t resell it.
Delays
: Sometimes there may be reasons outside of our control that mean we can’t deliver your order within our targeted delivery time. Please check the progress of your order on the App. In the rare event that delivery is seriously delayed we may have to cancel your order. We will of course notify you of this and ensure that you are given a full refund.
Delivery drivers:
We use third party delivery specialists to deliver orders from our restaurants to your door. Our delivery partner has been hand-picked to provide the best possible service. If you have any issues with your order and you ordered through the KFC App for your delivery, please contact the KFC Deliveroo team +441200309015 who will be able to help you.
Delivery drivers will only deliver to the main door/reception when delivering to apartment blocks, flats or hotels, so please make sure you come to meet them there.
Please be nice to your delivery driver - they are bringing you yummy KFC! We reserve the right to blacklist any delivery address if any delivery driver reports aggressive or abusive behaviour towards them.
Use of our products
: We deliver our products to you so that you can enjoy them yourself or with your friends and family. You agree that you will not re-sell any KFC products delivered to you or use them for any other commercial purposes.
COLLECTION ORDERS
Front counter Collection Order
: When you submit a front counter Collection Order you will need to make your way to the Selected Restaurant to collect your order at any time during the Selected Restaurant’s opening hours for that day. You will need to have with you a device with the App installed to enable you to log into the App when you arrive at the Selected Restaurant. When you arrive at the Selected Restaurant, you will need to check in via the App. You will then be asked if you would like to Dine In or Take Away. Please be aware that some of our restaurants do not have Dine In facilities, and if you select Dine In for one of these restaurants, your order will be prepared for Take Away. You will then receive an in-App prompt to “Prepare My Order”. Your order will not be complete and sent to the kitchen until you confirm this ‘Prepare My Order’ prompt, to ensure your order is freshly prepared.
Drive Thru Collection Order
: If you’ve selected a Collection Order via the Drive Thru lane as your preferred collection method then you will receive an order number when you check in via the App. You will need to repeat this number at the order point in the Drive Thru lane and we will then prepare your meal.
You must comply with all UK driving laws when using the App. You should not use your mobile phone while driving. Switch off your engine and apply the handbrake before using the App, including at the order point
. Once you have recited your order number at the order point please proceed to the collection window to collect your order. This method of collection is only available at select restaurants with a Drive Thru lane.
Please note the closing time of the Selected Restaurant when you place your order. If you do not check in and prompt the restaurant to prepare your order prior to the restaurant’s closing time on the day you make your order, it will be cancelled, and your payment method will not be charged. We will try and release the pre-authorisation for your order on your payment card as soon as possible, but it may still show as pending until your issuing bank voids the transaction.
Because our restaurants do not receive your order until you check in and prompt the restaurant to pack your order, our restaurants may on rare occasions not have the products you have ordered in stock by the time you arrive to collect your order. Therefore, we may have to cancel orders after they have been confirmed by you prompting the restaurant to prepare it – we will make sure that this only happens as a last resort and our restaurant managers will offer you alternatives for any out of stock items. We reserve the right to cancel any order, before or after acceptance, and will notify you immediately of any such cancellation.
Delays:
Sometimes, if the Selected Restaurant is very busy, or for any reason outside of our control, there may be a delay in the preparation of your order. We ask that you be kind to our restaurant staff – they are doing everything they can to get your order ready for you!
Use of our products:
We prepare our products for you so that you can enjoy them yourself or with your friends and family. You agree that you will not re-sell any KFC products prepared for you or use them for any other commercial purposes.
FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS
If KFC or one of our franchisees fails to comply with these terms and conditions, we (or the relevant franchisee) will be responsible for any loss or damage you suffer as a direct result of our failure, up to the value of your order. Neither KFC or its franchisees will be responsible for any loss or damage that is not a direct or foreseeable result of its failure to comply with these terms.
If you fail to comply with these terms and conditions, you will be responsible for any costs that we or our franchisees incur as a direct result of your failure. If we or our franchisees delay in or fail to enforce our rights under these terms and conditions, that does not mean that we lose the right to do so or that you do not have to comply with your obligations under these terms and conditions. Any waiver of our rights will only be effective if it is made clear in writing to you.
COMPLAINTS
If you are unhappy with the service you have received, please
contact us
and we will do our best to get to the bottom of what happened and why.
DISPUTES
If you believe that we have not complied with these terms and conditions, please
contact us
. We hope that we will be able to deal with any issues between us, but if you are not happy with the outcome after we have tried to resolve the issue with you, you can refer the matter for alternative dispute resolution, including online dispute resolution at
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
In the event that a claim is brought in connection with these terms and conditions, it will be dealt with in the courts of England and be governed by the law of England and Wales.
KFC REWARDS ARCADE
KFC REWARDS ARCADE TERMS (UK, ROI AND NI)
These terms and conditions ("
Rewards
Terms
") along with the Online and Mobile Application Terms and Conditions (“
Terms
”, see here) and KFC’s Privacy Policy (see
here
) govern the KFC rewards programme known as the “KFC Rewards Arcade” ("
Rewards Arcade
") operating in the United Kingdom ("
UK
"), Republic of Ireland (“
ROI
”) and Northern Ireland (“
NI
”). Access to the Rewards Arcade is only available through KFC’s mobile application (the “
App
”).
By downloading the App, you are entering into a binding agreement with Kentucky Fried Chicken (Great Britain) Limited ("
KFC
", "
we
", "
us
" or "
our
") in respect of your use of, and participation in the Rewards Arcade (if any). If you do not agree to all of the Rewards Terms, Terms, Privacy Policy and any other terms referenced in these Rewards Terms, you must not use the Rewards Arcade.
1. Eligibility and accessing the Rewards Arcade
1.1 Eligibility
A. To access and participate in the Rewards Arcade for a chance to win one of the twelve menu items set out in paragraph 9 (“
Rewards
”), users will need to have a personal KFC online account (“
Rewards Account
”). You must be at least 16 years old and a resident in the UK, NI or ROI to register a Rewards Account. KFC may require that you provide proof of age or address documentation before issuing or accepting the registration of a KFC Rewards Account.
1.2 Accessing the Rewards Arcade
A. Users with an existing Rewards Account (including online Colonel’s Club accounts) can access the Rewards Arcade as follows:
1. Download the latest version of the App using a compatible smartphone.
2. Sign in to the App using your existing Colonel’s Club account details. You will not be required to re-register for a Rewards Account if you already have an existing Colonel’s Club account.
B. Users without an existing Rewards Account can access the Rewards Arcade as follows:
1. Download the latest version of the App using a compatible smartphone.
2. Register a Rewards Account either on the App, via the KFC website or through Facebook. To register, users are required to provide a valid email address. Only one Rewards Account can be registered per email address.
3. Sign in to the App.
2. KFC Privacy Policy
2.1 In connection with these Rewards Terms, KFC will use your personal data as set out in our Privacy Policy (available
here
). Our Privacy Policy sets out our information practices including how we collect, use and share your personal information. It also sets out rights that you have with respect to your own personal information.
3. Participating Restaurants
3.1 You cannot use the Rewards Arcade or redeem Rewards as part of your participation in the Rewards Arcade at restaurants that are not participating in the Rewards Arcade.  Only those restaurants listed on KFC’s website here are participating in the Rewards Arcade ("
Participating Restaurants
").  Participating Restaurants are subject to change.
4. How to use the Rewards Arcade (UK and ROI)
4.1 This clause applies to users who are located and eligible in the UK or ROI only. You should indicate your location by selecting your local store in the App. For details of how to use the Rewards Arcade if you are resident (or visiting) and eligible in NI, see clause 5 below.
4.2 If you are eligible and located in the UK or ROI, to participate in the Rewards Arcade, you must make a Qualifying Purchase (as defined in clause 4.5(a)) from a Participating Restaurant. You will then receive an App invitation to play a game in the Rewards Arcade area of the App for a chance to win a free Reward.
4.3 You cannot use or participate in the Rewards Arcade when ordering for delivery via a third-party aggregator.
4.4 Identifying your Rewards Account:
A. You will need to identify your Rewards Account to access the Rewards Arcade and play for your chance to win Rewards. To identify your Rewards Account:
1. If ordering in store in a Participating Restaurant, prior to paying for your order for a Qualifying Purchase, scan the QR Code or give the cashier your unique 13 digit code from beneath the QR code either at the front counter or at the digital kiosk.
2. If ordering via the App (for take away, table service or KFC’s own delivery service) you must be logged in to your Rewards Account. Your Rewards Account will therefore be automatically identified when you log in. KFC delivery terms and conditions apply (“
Delivery Terms
”, see here).
3. If ordering at a Participating Restaurant Drive Thru, scan the QR code or give the cashier your unique 13 digit code from beneath the QR code in the App prior to paying for your order for your Qualifying Purchase. You must ensure that you are safely parked with your engine switched off before opening and using the App.
4. If ordering via the KFC website for KFC’s own delivery service from a Participating Restaurant, you must log in to your Rewards Account before ordering. If you do not log in, you will checkout as a guest, and your Rewards Account will not be identified meaning you won’t be able to participate in the Rewards Arcade. KFC delivery terms and conditions apply (“
Delivery Terms
”, see here).
B. Once you have identified your Rewards Account and completed your transaction for your Qualifying Purchase, you will receive an in-App message.  This shall constitute an invitation to play the Rewards Arcade game for a chance to win one of the twelve menu items listed in clause 9 (an “
Invitation to Play
”).
C. Depending on your internet connection, an Invitation to Play might be delayed. Allow 24 hours for your Invitation to Play to arrive. If an Invitation to Play has not been received within 24 hours, it is your responsibility to contact KFCs customer care department (“
KFC Care Squad
”) at
colonelsclub@kfc.co.uk
to request a new Invitation to Play. You should retain a copy of your receipt for your Qualifying Purchase in case an Invitation to Play has not been received within 24 hours and you request a new one. KFC reserves the right to request a copy of the receipt as proof of the Qualifying Purchase before manually issuing a new Invitation to Play. If you fail to provide a valid receipt for your Qualifying Purchase, KFC reserves the right to refuse to send a new Invitation to Play.
4.5 Qualifying Purchase:
A. To trigger an Invitation to Play, your spend at a Participating Restaurant must be of a minimum value of £3 as set out in this clause (“
Qualifying Purchase
”). If you redeem a Reward, in-App offer, promotional offer, or use any other type of discount (which includes employee discounts) as part of your order, the total spend after discounts must still exceed £3 to be a Qualifying Purchase and trigger the Invitation to Play. The following are not included for the purposes of calculating your spend: (i) delivery fees, (ii) tips for delivery drivers or riders, and (iii) charitable donations. You should retain a copy of your receipt for your Qualifying Purchase as proof of making a Qualifying Purchase. KFC reserves the right to request a copy of your receipt of Qualifying Purchase at any time and may refuse to redeem any Reward(s) if you cannot provide this.
B. If, for any reason, KFC provides you with a full or partial refund of your Qualifying Purchase which, when applied against the original spend, reduces the spend value to below £3, your order will no longer be a Qualifying Purchase and KFC will be entitled to remove any Reward won as a result of you playing the Rewards Arcade from the Invitation to Play generated from the original Qualifying Purchase.
4.6 Game play: once you have received your Invitation to Play, click on the link in the Invitation to Play to open the Rewards Arcade and play the game for your chance to win a Reward.
5. How to use the Rewards Arcade (Northern Ireland) – No purchase necessary
5.1 This clause 5 applies to users who are located and eligible in NI only. You should indicate your location by selecting your local store in the App.
5.2 If you are eligible and located in NI, to participate in the Rewards Arcade, you may either (1) make a Qualifying Purchase and follow the process set out in clause 4 above, or (2) send into KFC a free Request to Play (as defined in clause 5.3(a)). You will then receive an Invitation to Play a game in the Rewards Arcade area of the App for a chance to win a Reward.
5.3 No Qualifying Purchase Necessary for Northern Ireland Only:
A. If eligible and a resident in or visiting NI (but not any other part of the UK or ROI) you may access the Rewards Arcade without making any purchase (or Qualifying Purchase) by sending an email to KFC Care Squad at
colonelsclub@kfc.co.uk
with the following information:
"REWARDS ARCADE REQUEST TO PLAY – REWARDS ACCOUNT [+ 13 DIGIT CODE FROM UNDERNEATH QR CODE]"
together with your name and address including postcode (or proof of visit if visiting) and confirmation of age ("
Request to Play
").
B. Once the Request to Play has been received by KFC, KFC will manually generate an Invitation to Play and send this to you via a push notification on the App and in-App messaging. Please allow up to 4 weeks from sending the Request to Play for the Invitation to Play to arrive. If the Invitation to Play has not been received within 4 weeks of sending the Request to Play, it is your responsibility to contact KFC’s Care Squad at
colonelsclub@kfc.co.uk
to request a new Invitation to Play.
5.4 Identifying your Rewards Account: You must identify your Rewards Account by including the 13 digit code found beneath the QR code in the App in your Request to Play. If you do not include this code in your Request to Play, you will not be eligible to receive an Invitation to Play the Rewards Arcade for a chance to win a Reward.
5.5 Game play: once you have received your Invitation to Play through in-App messaging and via push notification, click on the link in the Invitation to Play to open the Rewards Arcade and play the game for your chance to win a Reward.
6. The Hammer Time Game and chance of winning
6.1 Clicking the link in the Invitation to Play will bring you to the Rewards Arcade hammer time sequence (“
Hammer Time
”).
6.2 To play Hammer Time, you must click on one of the three hammers which appear on screen. The hammer selected by you does not determine whether you will receive a Reward or not. There is no element of skill or chance involved at the point you select a hammer because Hammer Time is not a game.
6.3 Once you have selected a hammer, you will receive a Hammer Time pre-recorded video which will either be a winning or losing Hammer Time video.
6.4 You have a 40% chance of receiving a winning Hammer Time video.
6.5 The type of Reward you receive from a winning Hammer Time video is always random subject to pre-set percentage probabilities across the Rewards range.
7.Rewards – claiming and redeeming Rewards
7.1 Any Reward won needs to be claimed before it can be redeemed in Participating Restaurants. You claim and redeem Rewards by following the process set out in clause
7.2 Claiming the Reward:
A. If you win a Reward in the Rewards Arcade, you need to click the button at the end of the game to claim and save it into your rewards wallet in the App ("
Rewards Wallet
").
B. Rewards, once claimed, will accumulate in your Rewards Wallet. There is no maximum number of Rewards that can accumulate in your Rewards Wallet (but you cannot have more than one (1) Invitation to Play at any one time; see paragraph 10.3). Each Reward in the Rewards Wallet is subject to an expiration date as described in clause 7.3(e) below.
7.3 Redeeming Rewards:
A. No minimum spend is required to redeem Rewards. However, users are required to complete a transaction to redeem Rewards. Rewards are not automatically added to transactions and must be applied each time by users by following the processes described below.
B. Each Reward in your Rewards Wallet has a unique QR code. You can redeem the desired Reward saved in your Rewards Wallet in any of the following ways:
1. If ordering in store at a Participating Restaurant, by presenting a valid QR code at the till point or digital kiosk of the restaurant before paying for your order. Screenshots of QR codes will not be accepted.
2. If ordering at a Participating Restaurant Drive Thru, by presenting the valid QR code from the App to the cashier before paying for your order. Screenshots of QR codes will not be accepted.
3. If ordering through the App for table service, take away or KFC’s own delivery service, by applying the desired Reward from your Rewards Wallet to your order in the basket before making payment.
C. Rewards cannot be redeemed on:
1. Orders made through the KFC website (as opposed to the App) for delivery; or
2. Orders made via a third-party app, aggregator or website.
D. Rewards cannot be used in conjunction with any other in-App offers, promotions or discounts (including but not limited to non-App offers, for example KFC Value deals, or the use of 'Chicken Bucks', 'Chicken Cheques' or Guest Experience Survey discounts).  No cash alternative is available to the Rewards. Only one Reward can be redeemed per one transaction.
E. Validity and expiration: Rewards can be redeemed once only. Rewards are subject to a 40-day expiration period. Expiration dates are published in the App. Rewards not redeemed before their expiration dates will be lost.
F. Availability: You can redeem your Reward(s) at Participating Restaurants during restaurant opening hours. When you redeem your Reward, you are obtaining that Reward menu item directly from the business operating the Participating Restaurant supplying the Reward menu item to you. This will always be subject to availability of the Reward menu item in that Participating Restaurant.
8. Rewards Wallet:
8.1 You can check your Rewards Wallet balance at
www.kfc.co.uk
/
www.kfc.ie
or via the App. If you decide to check your balance, you will be responsible for connection and data charges, and we will not be liable for any communication failure. We reserve the right to correct or amend the balance in your Rewards Wallet if we believe that an invoicing, accounting or other error has occurred. If you wish to query such a correction or amendment to your account balance, please contact KFC Care Squad at
colonelsclub@kfc.co.uk
.
8.2 Rewards won by playing the Rewards Arcade and claimed following the process set out in clause 7.2 above may not always immediately appear in your Rewards Wallet. You are responsible for ensuring that the Rewards in your Rewards Wallet are correct. If you believe Rewards have been incorrectly added to or omitted from your Rewards Wallet, it is your responsibility to contact KFC Care Squad at
colonelsclub@kfc.co.uk
within thirty (30) days of making your Qualifying Purchase ensuring you have a copy of any relevant receipt. KFC has the sole discretion to determine the Rewards in your Rewards Wallet and KFC has no liability for any delay or failure to correctly apply Rewards to your Rewards Wallet.
8.3 KFC is not liable for any losses to your Rewards Account balance. However, if you register with us, your balance should be secure as long as you have not shared your Reward Account email address with third parties.
8.4 No rights in Rewards: Rewards are not property and you have no vested right or interest in Rewards. Rewards have no cash value and cannot be used as any form of credit, debit, proof of age or identification or for any other purpose except with KFC's prior written consent. Rewards can only be won, held and redeemed as set out in these Terms. Any other use or award of Rewards, or attempt to do so, is a serious breach of these Terms.
8.5 Sharing and Transfer of Rewards: All Rewards are personal to the Rewards Account to which they are registered. Unless expressly permitted by KFC, Rewards are not assignable or transferrable between Rewards Accounts, persons or otherwise, and Rewards cannot be combined across Rewards Accounts, regardless of who registered the Rewards Account. Any other sale, exchange or transfer of Rewards, or attempt to do so, is a serious breach of these Terms.
9. Rewards Menu
9.1 The following KFC food menu items constitute "
Rewards
":
2 Single Wings, Regular Fries, BBQ Bites, Mini Fillet Burger, Flamin’ Wrap; Fillet Burger a la carte; Zinger Burger a la carte, Regular Popcorn Chicken, 6-piece Bargain Bucket Original; 2-piece Original a la carte; 3-piece Boneless Dip a la carte; Mighty Bucket a la carte.
9.2 KFC makes no promise of the continued availability of any Reward menu item, even if it is advertised or displayed to you.  Rewards are available only for as long as supplies last at Participating Restaurants and are subject always to product availability at Participating Restaurants. Images of products and packaging of Rewards are examples only and may not be identical to the product or packaging you receive from a Participating Restaurant.
9.3 KFC may (taking into account food item availability and other factors) change, modify or discontinue the Reward options set out in clause 9.1 at any time without notice. If this is necessary, KFC will endeavour to provide alternative Reward options of an equivalent value range
10 Restrictions on participation in the Rewards Arcade
10.1 Each Qualifying Purchase or Request to Play will trigger one (1) Invitation to Play up to a maximum of two (2) Invitations to Play per day.
10.2 If you fail to identify your Rewards Account in accordance with clauses 4.4 and 5.4, an Invitation to Play will not be triggered.
10.3 You can only have one (1) Invitation to Play at any one time. If an Invitation to Play has not been used, any subsequent Invitation to Play will automatically cause the previous one to expire.
By way of illustration:
You receive an Invitation to Play the Rewards Arcade ("
Invitation 1
"). Before using the link in Invitation 1 to complete the Hammer Time sequence, you make a subsequent Qualifying Purchase and receive a subsequent Invitation to Play ("
Invitation 2
"). As you can only have one live Invitation to Play at any one time, Invitation 2 will cause Invitation 1 to expire and you will now only be able to access the Rewards Arcade using the link in Invitation 2.
10.4 There is no limit on the number of Rewards you can hold in your Rewards Wallet.  Only one (1) Reward may be won per game played in the Rewards Arcade.
10.5 KFC reserves the right to refuse to identify a Rewards Account or to limit the use of a KFC Rewards Account which it deems to have been tampered with, duplicated, damaged or which otherwise is suspected to be affected by fraud, misconduct, unauthorised or inappropriate use.
10.6 If you purchase your order through an aggregator, your order will not constitute a Qualifying Purchase and an Invitation to Play will not be triggered.
10.7 The App may not always be accepted at Participating Restaurants. As one example, in the event that the Participating Restaurant has communications or system issues you may not be able to redeem your Rewards.
10.8 The Rewards Arcade and your Rewards Account are provided to you for domestic and private use only. You must not use the Rewards Arcade and/or your Rewards Account for any commercial, business or resale purposes, and we shall not have any liability to you for any loss that you suffer as a result of any such use.
11. Termination of your Rewards Account
11.1 KFC is entitled to take any action it considers appropriate, including invalidating or removing Rewards from your Rewards Account or suspending or terminating your Rewards Account or access to the Rewards Arcade, if:
A. KFC suspends or terminates your App;
B. KFC detects any suspicious activity concerning your Rewards Account;
C. KFC believes you improperly or fraudulently dealt with or obtained or tried to claim Rewards, including any purchase, sale, offer to sell, giving away or other dealing with any Rewards other than in accordance with these Terms;
D. KFC believes you misused or abused the App or the Rewards Arcade or tampered or attempted to tamper with your Rewards Account;
E. KFC has reason to believe you have provided us with false or misleading information; or
F. you have breached any of the Rewards Terms, Terms, Privacy Policy or any other terms referred to in these Rewards Terms.
11.2 If we terminate your Rewards Account for any of the above reasons, you will lose all of the Rewards that you have accumulated (including properly obtained Rewards) and you forfeit your right to earn and redeem Rewards in the future. KFC monitors compliance with these Rewards Terms as set out in our Privacy Statement found
here
. KFC has the sole discretion to determine your compliance with these Rewards Terms. KFC's determination is final.
12. Changes to the Rewards Terms and Rewards Arcade, including cancellation
12.1 KFC may, in its sole discretion, change, modify, cancel or discontinue the Rewards Arcade, in whole or in part from time to time even though changes may affect Rewards already in your Rewards Account. Changes may affect rules, features, benefits, Rewards and prizes, conditions of participation, prizes accruing or accumulation ratio, redemption policy, expiration policy, or any other aspect of the Rewards Arcade or any terms (including these Rewards Terms). If KFC makes material changes to the Rewards Arcade, we will notify you by any reasonable means such as by posting in the App.
12.2 Any changes to the Rewards Arcade and Rewards Terms will become effective immediately upon posting the revisions and you are solely responsible for remaining knowledgeable about and in compliance with the current Rewards Terms at all times. If you do not agree to any changed terms, then you must immediately stop using the Rewards Arcade and close your Rewards Account as per the instructions below.
13. Closing your Rewards Account
13.1 You have the right to close your Rewards Account at any time.  If you close your Rewards Account, you will lose the right to redeem any unused Rewards and Offers.
13.2 You can close your Rewards Account by contacting KFC’s Care Squad at
colonelsclub@kfc.co.uk
and requesting that your Rewards Account be closed.
13.3 On closure or termination of your Rewards Account for whatever reason, all rights granted to you under these Rewards Terms shall cease.  However, these Rewards Terms will remain enforceable by KFC to the extent any matter arises out of your prior use of the Rewards Arcade.
14. Death of Rewards Account holder
14.1 A Rewards Account will terminate on the death of the account holder. On notification of an account holder's death, KFC will close that account holder's Rewards Account.  Rewards that have accumulated but not been redeemed will be cancelled. KFC will not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever suffered by any person as a result of such cancellation.
OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
KFC DELIVERY - FIRST BUCKET ON US
Free 6-piece
Original Recipe Chicken
Bucket offer terms and conditions:
Offer available until 12 March 2023.
Minimum spend of £10 across all menu items (not including Delivery & Service Fees).
Offer redeemable via the KFC app by users signed-in to a KFC account.
This offer applies on KFC Own Delivery orders only.
One discount per guest.
Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer.
Valid in the UK only.
Subject to availability and geographical restrictions.
Due to technical issues, the KFC Own Delivery platform has been intermittently unavailable. We have been working hard to resolve the technical issues, but the platform and the First Bucket on Us promotion may be unavailable at times during the promotion period. We apologise to any customers impacted, and thank you for your patience.
GUEST EXPERIENCE SURVEY
Kentucky Fried Chicken (Great Britain) Limited (“KFC”) is offering its customers a free side/snack at KFC (the “Discount”) if they complete the KFC Guest Satisfaction Survey (“Survey”).
To be eligible for the Discount, customers must spend a minimum of £5 (€5 in Ireland) at KFC, retain their transaction receipt and follow the link on their receipt to complete the Survey. Once the Survey has been completed, the customer will receive a computer generated code (“Code”) in order to receive the Discount.
It is the customer’s responsibility to take a note of that Code. A new Code cannot be given by KFC if the Customer forgets or misplaces the Code.
The Customer must complete the Guest Experience Survey within [9] days of the relevant KFC date set out at the top of the retained transaction receipt in order to access the Code.
Customers can only complete the Survey once every 30 days. The Code remains valid for thirty days from the customer’s visit to the relevant KFC date set out at the top of the retained transaction receipt.
To redeem the Discount, the customer must present the retained transaction receipt and Code to the relevant cashier in the participating restaurant before placing their order.
KFC reserves its rights to withdraw or amend the Discount at anytime.
Participating restaurant trading hours apply.
Customers must be sixteen years or over to redeem the Discount.
The Discount has no cash value and no cash or alternative value will be provided in part. Receipt will be retained by the participating restaurant when the customer presents it to redeem the Discount.
Only one Discount per transaction.
The Discount cannot be used in conjunction with any other KFC offer, discount, competition or promotion including any Colonel’s Club offer, discount, competition or promotion.
GUEST EXPERIENCE SURVEY SNACK OR SIDE PROMOTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS
THE PROMOTER
1.    The promoter is Kentucky Fried Chicken (Great Britain) Limited, Orion Gate, Guildford Road, Woking, Surrey GU22 7NJ. Any information or instructions published by KFC about the Promotion form part of these terms and conditions (the “Terms”).
PROMOTION PERIOD
2.    The Promotion will commence at participating KFC restaurants in the United Kingdom at 00:01 (GMT) on 16 November 2020 and will close at 23:59 (GMT) on 16 February 2021 (the “Promotion Period”).
3.    KFC reserves its rights to vary, withdraw and/or extend the Promotion Period at any time.
ELIGIBILITY
4.    To be eligible for the Promotion, customers must spend a minimum of £5 (GBP) at participating KFC restaurants* (as defined below), retain their transaction receipt and follow the link on their receipt to complete the Survey. Once the Survey has been completed, the customer will receive a computer generated code (“Code”) in order to be eligible for the Promotion.
5.    To receive the Promotion, the customer must present the retained transaction receipt and Code to the relevant cashier in the participating restaurant before placing their order.
6.    KFC and/or any participating restaurant reserves the right to refuse service to anyone who, in its reasonable opinion, is not complying with the spirit of the Promotion.
GENERAL
7.    The Promotion is available at participating KFC restaurants for dine in, drive thru and take away orders – and is not available via delivery or KFC collect services.
8.    Only one Promotion may be redeemed per transaction.
9.    The Promotion cannot be used in conjunction with any other KFC offer, discount, competition or promotion including any Colonel’s Club offer, discount, competition or promotion.
10.    The Promotion is not transferable and has no cash value and no cash or alternative value will be provided in full or part.
11.    It is the customer’s responsibility to take a note of the Code. A new Code cannot be given by KFC or participating restaurants if the customer forgets or misplaces the Code.
12.    Customers can only complete the Survey once every 30 days. The Code remains valid for 30 days from the date set out at the top of the retained transaction receipt from the participating KFC restaurant.
13.    Customers must be 16 years old or over to redeem the Promotion.
14.    The Promotion is subject to availability at participating restaurants* (as defined below) and exclusions may apply.
15.    Participating restaurant trading hours apply.
16.    KFC reserves the right at any time and in its discretion (taking into account product availability and other factors) to change the Snack and Side options.
17.    KFC reserves the right to hold void, cancel, suspend, or amend the Promotion at any time.
18.    By taking part in this Promotion, all participants will be deemed to have accepted these Terms.
19.    The Terms are governed by English Law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Quick links
OUR MENU
ORDER ONLINE
DEVELOPMENTS
FIND A KFC
KFC BIG DEALS
ABOUT KFC
CONTACT & HELP
JOBS AT KFC
KFC Shop
FOLLOW US
Privacy
Cookie & Ads Policy
Terms & Conditions
Tax Strategy
Modern slavery act
© KFC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED