п»ї
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to app "Statuses for all occasions".
Information we collect and how we use it
We do not gather, receive, distribute or share your data. What is on your phone stays on your phone.
Analysis of user activity
- We collect usage information for statistics, such as the number of visitors to Statuses for all occasions. We use this data in aggregate form only, and not in any manner that would identify you personally.
Other sites
вЂ“ This Privacy Policy applies to Statuses for all occasions only. We do not control apps and sites linked to that are located in our advertisements and materials users. These other apps and sites may place their own data or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
The app does use third-party services that may collect
information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used
by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Yandex services
In addition to the above, we may use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain, protect, and improve our services (including advertising services) and develop new services.
Information sharing
We shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Statuses for all occasions in the following limited circumstances: :
We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of the  Administration of Statuses for all occasions, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
If Statuses for all occasions becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.