Copyright (c) 2017 RingtoneSounds
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Copyright (c) 2017 RingtoneSounds
Privacy Policy
IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE.
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application provided for mobile devices and created by RingtoneSounds.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address. Permission needed by the app to access your contacts list is only so you can assign a specific sound to your contact, your contacts cannot be seen by us.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
AdMob
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/6008942?rd=1
Facebook Audience Network
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Application.
The Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. It does not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information intentionally collected through any analytics or advertising platform in use.
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. Certain Google advertising settings can also be managed at
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at ringtonesounds@gmail.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at ringtonesounds@gmail.com.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse