MACHAPP Software Ltd
MACHAPP Software Ltd Privacy Policy
Last updated on April 27th, 2023 (version 1.08)
This Privacy Policy, along with our
Terms
                                of Service
explains how we collect and handle your information across all of
                            our websites, mobile apps and other services. We may review this policy from
                            time to time and make sure that it is up-to-date. In case we make changes to the
                            policy we will post the latest version here.
1. Introduction
We at MACHAPP Software Ltd, a company
                                registered in Cyprus with company registration number HE344069 and its
                                registered office at Avenue Georgiou Neofytou 8, AGATE House, #201, 4006.
                                Limassol, take the protection of your personal data very seriously and nothing
                                matters more to us than your trust.
We have redesigned this Privacy Policy to help you understand what data we and
                                our trusted partners collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. Please
                                take your time and read this document carefully.
In the rest of this document we will be using the following terms:
"Company", "MACHAPP", "us", "we" or "our"
referring to MACHAPP Software Ltd
"App", "Apps", "Products" or "Software"
referring to the Company's software
                                        available on the
Google Play™
                                            store website
"Service", "Services"
referring to the Company's services (such as software
                                        development service, email support, etc)
"You"
referring to you, as a user of our Site, Services or Apps
"Partners"
referring to 3rd party services that we use to provide you with
                                        our services - for a complete listing of our Partners and their Privacy Policies see
                                        the Our Partners section
Bliss Community
referring to the group of users that have joined the community feature on the
Bliss
application.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use any of the Apps and should be
                                read together with our End User License Agreement
EULA.
By choosing to use our Apps or Services you agree to the collection of
                                information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please note that the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as
                                in our End User License Agreement, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy
                                Policy.
2. Information we collect and use
When you interact with our Apps, our trusted partners may collect information
                                about your device. The process of collecting data is designed so that it avoids
                                collection of information that identifies you personally, such as your name,
                                address, email address or similar; instead, the information collected does
                                enable us and our partners to recognize your device over time for purposes of
                                improving the quality of our products and your experience with them.
As a general rule, we do not collect or share any information that may be used
                                to identify you as a person except when you contact us by email. In that case we
                                will save your emails in order to serve you better. Once we are finished
                                providing support to you we will delete all emails received by and sent to you.
                                Please note that we take all the necessary steps to safeguard any personal
                                information you may provide by email using strong passwords and 2-step
                                authentication.
Information that is collected by our partners may be divided into the following
                                categories.
A. Information for showing personalized ads
Note: This section (Section A) applies only to Apps that display ads. 
                                It does not apply to the following:
1. Apps that do not display ads
2. Pro (Ad-free) Apps that are available with a one-time purchase
3. Apps that have been upgraded to Premium via a paid subscription and do not display ads
In order to provide our Apps to you for free we display ads. To display ads,                                 
                                we work with our ad partners who may have their SDK/API integrated with our Apps. 
                                In order to improve user targeting, which is important for 
                                interest-based ads and marketing solutions relevant to the user, our partners may obtain 
                                and lawfully use information such as the following:
a)
Device and account identifiers
(Advertising ID, app set ID and other 
                                identifiers related to accounts that are signed-in on the device)
b)
IP address
(which can be used to estimate the general location of a device)
c)
User product interactions and interaction information
(app launches, taps and video views)
d)
Diagnostic information
(information related to the performance of our Apps and the SDK, 
                                crash logs, app launch time, hang time and energy usage.
This information may be shared with their clients for the permitted purposes stated above
                                (whether within or outside of the country of origin). All such collection permitted
                                processing and transfer will be in accordance with applicable data privacy laws.
B. Information for analyzing application performance issues and crashes
In order to improve our Apps, we use third party services (our analytics
                                partners) to collect and analyze error and performance issues. The information
                                collected in the case of an error is divided into two categories.
Device/hardware information which includes information such as device model,
                                        screen information, total memory, internal and external storage, device language,
                                        and Android version
Error or performance related information, which includes error description,
                                        time that the error occurred, stack trace (a detailed error report), free
                                        memory and free disk space at the time of the error, etc.
This data helps us analyze and correct performance issues and errors
                                and improve your experience with our Apps.
C. Information for improving our services
When you use our Apps, we use our analytics partners to collect usage statistics
                                and trends. The reason we collect this information is so that we can improve
                                your experience with our Apps by improving existing functionality and adding new
                                functionality.
The information that we collect in this case includes information that is
                                collected in section B above as well as usage statistics. Usage statistics
                                include information on how often a user opens a specific page inside the app,
                                icons and themes used, widgets used, etc.
Note that none of this information collected in Sections A, B and C can be used
                                to identify you as an individual.
D. Account information
Note: This information applies only to users of our
Bliss
application in the case that they choose to join the Bliss Community.
When you join the Bliss Community we will store the following information on our 
                                secure servers:
a) The automatically generated username or the one that you provide at the time of registration
b) A unique identifier (an automatically generated alphanumeric string) that is used to identify your account
c) The mixes you have created with our app at the time of joining the Bliss Community
d) Any mixes you create after you have joined the Bliss Community.
e) Aggregated statistics about app usage (this is aggregated and anonymous, i.e., not linked to a user's account)
Note that all mixes that you create (or have created) using our app will be shared with the 
                                rest of the members of the community once you join the Bliss Community.
We save the above information so that we can perform the following actions:
a) Enable all members of the Bliss Community to have access to the mixes that each of the members shares.
b) Backup the mixes you create and restore them in case you lose them, uninstall and reinstall the 
                                application or install the application on another device.
c) Display mixes that are popular among the Bliss Community.
d) Improve the user experience with our app and services.
Joining the Bliss Community/Signing-in
You can join (sign-in to) the Bliss Community using any of the following ways:
a) Using an existing Google account
b) Using an existing Facebook account
c) Using an existing email address to create a new account with us
Note that no matter the method you use to join the Bliss Community, the data we collect and the way we use it is always the same.
Logging out and deleting the account
You can log out of the community from settings,
Sign-out
. 
                                You can also terminate your account and delete all associated data (user name, unique identifier and mixes that you have shared 
                                on the community) from Settings,
Delete account
.
3. Creating an account with us
Note: This section applies to users of the
Bliss
app.
When using the
Bliss
application you can create an account to join the Bliss Community. If you do that, you agree to the following:
1. You are responsible for the confidentiality of your credentials (user name and password)
2. You are responsible for any activity resulting from the use of your account
3. You will make reasonable efforts to protect access to your account and prevent unauthorized access and use of our Bliss Community services
4. You may not share your account and password with 3rd parties
5. You may not allow third parties to use your account
6. You are responsible for using and safeguarding your device, our Apps, and connected data in a reasonable manner
7. You are solely responsible for any activities that occur under your account and for any actions taken as a result of such activities
8. In the case that you become aware of unauthorized use of your account you will notify us immediately
4. Our Ad partners
We use the following partners in order to serve ads to you. Make sure to click
                                on each of the following services and review their Privacy Policy.
Google LLC
Meta Audience Network (Facebook)
Amazon Publisher Services
My.Com B.V.
Yandex LLC
Aarki
Triple Lift Inc
Liftoff Inc
Smaato Inc
AppLovin Corporation
Liftoff Mobile Inc
(Vidopia Inc) DBA Chocolate
Fluct
Index Exchange
Inmobi
Media.Net Advertising FZ-LLC
Mobfox US LLC
OneTag Limited
OpenX
PubMatic
Rubicon Holdings, LLC
Equativ
TripleLift
Unruly, LLC
For a complete list of our ad-partners click
here
.
4. Our Analytics partners
We use the following partners to collect error and performance information,
                                identify issues in our Apps, analyze our traffic and usage trends and improve
                                our services to you.
Google Play
                                            Services
Firebase
                                            Analytics
Crashlytics
In order to provide the above information, our partners may obtain and lawfully use information such as the following:
a)
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs, Crash traces, Breakpad minidump formatted data
(to provide crash-related information)
b)
Firebase installation IDs
(to help Firebase In-app messaging determine which devices to deliver a message, associate predictions with a project, deliver configuration values to end-user devices and more)
c)
Mobile ad IDs, IDFVs/Android IDs, Firebase installation IDs, Analytics App Instance IDs
(to provide analytics and attribution information)
d)
Firebase user agent
(used internally by Google to determine platform and version adoption in order to provide and improve Firebase services)
5. Children's Privacy
Our Services are directed to people over 13 years of age (or over 16 years if
                                located in Russia). If you are a person not over 13 years old (or 16 if you are
                                located in Russia) please talk to your parent or guardian before using our
                                Services.
6. Opting out
On Android devices you can turn on/off the location service API from device
                                settings, Location (note that the path may be different on different devices).
To prevent ad partners from using your device's ad identifier being used for
                                interest-based advertising you can change the relevant settings on your device.
                                Please see
optout.networkadvertising.org
for details
If you live in the USA, Europe or Canada, you can also opt-out from the
                                collection of your information by some or all of our advertising partners who
                                participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance by visiting
www.aboutads.info/choices
(for US users),
youronlinechoices.com
(for European
                                users) or
youradchoices.ca/choices
(for Canadian users).
If you have any questions regarding the collection of data you can contact our
                                ad partners and analytics partners directly - see sections 3 and 4 above.
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, therefore you are advised to
                                review this page periodically for changes. We will notify you of any changes by
                                posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective
                                immediately after they are posted on this page.
In case our practices regarding previously collected information change in a way
                                that would be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of this
                                Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collected the information, then we will
                                make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent prior to any such
                                uses as may be required by law.
If you have any questions, would like to exercise your rights or provide
                                suggestions for improving our Privacy Policy or Services please feel free to
                                contact us at:
MACHAPP Software Ltd
8 Avenue Georgiou Neofytou
AGATE House #201
Limassol 4006, Cyprus
Contact us by email
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
Blogger
Instagram
Our Android apps on Google Play
© 2015-2020 MACHAPP Software Ltd