Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Global VPN is committed to protect your privacy. Our guiding principle toward data collection is to collect
        only the minimal data required to operate a world-class VPN service at scale. We want you to understand what
        information we collect, what we don't collect, and how we collect, use, and store information. We do not collect
        logs of your activity, including no logging of browsing history, traffic destination, data content, or DNS
        queries. We also never store connection logs, i.e., no logs of your IP address, your outgoing VPN IP address,
        connection timestamp, or session duration. We designed our systems not to have sensitive data about you; even
        when compelled, we cannot provide data that we do not possess.
This Privacy Policy describes how Global VPN Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliates ("we," "our" or "us")
        collect, use, and share information in connection with your use of our websites, services, and applications
        (collectively, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") does not apply to information you may
        process when using our Services.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We collect information about the product and services that you use and how you use them in order to
            properly provide the core or important features of our product and service, or to improve our product and
            service, or to provide additional features to our product (such as socializing functions or value-added
            services and promotions, etc.).Some of the typical reasons that we collect personal data include:
- Provide our product and services, including our app and related website (if any), and improve them over
            time;
- Allow you to download and purchase products and services;
- Personalize and manage our relationship with you, including introducing you to products or services that
            may be of interest to you or to provide customer support;
When you open the APP seeking for our VPN services, the APP assigns a unique identifier to you for the
            service (such unique identifier just binds up with your device identification code, but does not tie to any
            other personal information of users). When you use the VPN services, we will check your account information
            through this unique identifier to determine the level of service you have signed up for before establishing
            your VPN connection.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email
            address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other
            information you may choose to provide. We may also receive a confirmation when you open an email from us.
2. USE OF INFORMATION
We will be able to use the information collected to 1) improve and develop our products and services; 2)
            communicate with users; 3) support advertising and related activities. E.g:
- Maintain, improve or manage our services, perform business analysis, provide advertising and related
            activities
- Implement our Terms of Service to prevent illegal activities and abuse of services, protect the legal
            rights, property and security of VPN services and users and resolve related disputes;
- Comply with applicable laws and assist law enforcement when we believe it is reasonable and meets
            applicable legal standards.
3. DATA RETENTION
We may retain information about you and your use of the Services, including personally identifiable information, as long as you are required to provide the services and uses described in this Privacy Statement. This usually means that we will retain information for the duration of your account.
4. SECURITY MEASURES
We take adequate protective measures to prevent loss of information, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. While we strive to protect your information and privacy, there is no guarantee that data transfer or storage is 100% secure.
5. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
For the purpose to consist with applicable privacy laws and principles, this Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time without prior notice to you, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of our VPN services constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our websites. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share personal information previously collected from you through our VPN services, we will notify you through our APP, email, or other communication.
contacting us at support@fastglobalvpn.com.