Read our privacy policy for more info about our services
Home
Programs
Plans
Get the app
Home
Programs
Plans
Login
Privacy Policy
Introduction
SSK Osmosis (hereinafter, “SSKO”) is a company incorporated under the laws of India, under the Companies Act, 2013, having its registered office at SSK Osmosis Private Limited, 702 Shalimar Morya Park, 7th Floor, Off Link Road, Andheri (west), Mumbai – 400 053 India is operating the website
https://www.theshilpashetty.com
(including but not limited to software applications, mobile applications, and website, hereinafter “the platform”) for providing services worldwide.
Overview
This Privacy Policy elaborates on the personal data which is collected by SSKO when the platform is used by any user or visitor of the platform or when you enable our Alexa skill or otherwise provide personal data to us. In order to access and avail of certain features and functionalities available on the platform and mobile applications, you are required to register and create an account. To create an account and in some other circumstances, SSKO may require information that may be in the form of personal data, provided by you. SSKO is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Any information sought by us and provided by you will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. SSKO may further collect information about your use of the platform, including the frequency of logging in and the time period of being logged in, search history, and other information related to your use of the platform’s services. SSKO shall use this information internally to improve its services, but will never publish this data nor give it to a third party without your consent.
SSKO’s Privacy Policy
SSKO has already put in place procedures in accordance with industry standards to safeguard and secure your information. SSKO currently runs, checks and tests its platform to ensure that it is not prone to any attacks from known viruses, malware, bloatware, trojans, and spyware. However, we recommend you run your own antivirus program when you access the platform or download any content from it. SSKO is not responsible for and accepts no liability for any damage to your computer system or loss of data caused by using this platform or arising as a result of having used the platform.
Why personal data is collected?
SSKO requires the following personal data information to understand your needs and customize our platform according to them, improve our products and service, and for other reasons such as,
Identify a user and providing the same experience across Apps and the Web.
To track your posture, form, and movements to provide efficient results.
Internal record keeping.
Periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers, or other information that SSKO thinks a user might find interesting
Market research purposes.
To improve our products and services.
To customize the platform according to users’ interests through calculated information based on the data collected by us.
To prevent and detect fraud, abuse, illegal use, and violation of our Terms of Use
Partners, What we share and Why We share :
Partner Name :
Apple App Store, and Google Play Store
What we share :
The fact that you have downloaded Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty from the App Store (if you are an iOS user) or from the Play Store (if you are an Android user)
Why we share it :
To allow Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty to be distributed via the App Store or Play Store, so you can restore your download in the future if needed.
Partner Name :
Google Analytics
What we share :
Our website uses cookies, governed by our Cookie Policy. These cookies are stored on your computer and communicate with the server.
Why we share it :
To understand where our website visitors come from (so we know where potential new markets for the Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty are), what sorts of devices they are using (so we can optimize the website for those devices), and whether visitors make return visits to the site (so we can develop more useful and informative content).
Partner Name :
Google Firebase
What we share :
Your phone number, the fact that a Facebook user is attempting to sign into Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty using their Facebook account (if attempted), the fact that a Google user is attempting to sign into Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty using their Google account (if attempted), and a Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty - generated user-linked email address.
Why we share it :
To: enable login via SMS, email, or social accounts; understand user engagement, retention, and journeys; to ensure single account access via multiple numbers, and to troubleshoot crashes.
Partner Name :
Sendgrid
What we share :
Your email address, Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty user ID, Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty-generated email body, which may include your first name, names of certain contacts (without providing access to your contacts), and application navigation links.
Why we share it :
To send users emails that are relevant to them, to accurately reflect their communication preferences, and to allow users to navigate directly from the email to relevant in-app screens.
Partner Name :
Instabug
What we share :
Each session of the app records the following information: The OS version on your phone, your device model, the app version in use on your phone, the Instabug SDK version in use in the version of the app on your phone, your app token, your app bundle identifier, the length of your session, the number of your session, and the date on which the session started. If a bug or crash is reported, the following additional information is reported: The view on the app at the time of the bug/crash, whether your phone was connected to Wi-Fi at the time of the bug/crash, the name of the Wi-Fi network, if you were connected, the name of your carrier, battery level and state (unplugged/charging/ full), RAM, disk storage, session duration, screen orientation, screen scale and size, a time when the report was sent, and device locale.
Why we share it :
To understand crashes and issues that users manually report to us so that we can improve the overall product experience.
Partner Name :
Facebook
What we share :
The app opens Knowledge that a Facebook user has used Facebook to log in to the Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty. Our email marketing opt-in list.
Why we share it :
To enable login via Facebook and to deliver advertisements and relevant Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty updates on Facebook to existing Simple Soulful App by Shilpa Shetty users and users who have logged in using Facebook.
Partner Name :
EliteFit.AI
What we share :
To enable AI motion tracking technology, Simple Soulful by Shilpa Shetty asks for device camera access to track posture, form, and movements to correct and guide for efficiency.
Why we share it :
To track the accuracy of the workouts, and calories burnt that will help the users to improve their form.
What personal data is collected?
SSKO may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Login and account information including unique user ID and password
Data on physical features, such as weight, height, body measurements, etc.
Fitness activity data generated through the platform such as time, duration, location, calorie count, pace etc.
Your contacts to be able to share details of the platform to allow interaction you’re your friends
Your Calendar and Photos to schedule plans
Device IDs, Network access, storage information on device, battery information
IP addresses, referred headers, web beacons and tags etc.
Other relevant information
SSKO shall control the collection or use of your personal information by:
Indicating (where available) that you do not want the information for marketing purposes, or
Writing to us at
support@theshilpashetty.com
if no such option is available or if you have changed your mind about permission in the form of consent you have previously given to SSKO.
We collect location information, we use it to tailor our Services for you and others. We use
various technologies to determine location including IP address, GPS and other sensors.
Additionally, SSKO states that it collects user location data from Mobile devices and if someone
makes a purchase on SSKO, payment and contact information including an address and phone
number. Although we do not normally use technical data to identify individuals, sometimes
individuals can be recognized from it, either alone or when combined or linked with user data. In
such situations, technical data can also be considered to be personal data under applicable law
and we will treat the combined data as personal data.
SSKO does not have any control over third-party links which are displayed on the SSKO and is
therefore not responsible for the protection and privacy of your information on these platform.
Additionally, SSKO may ask your permission to store cookies on your computer. SSKO only uses
cookies for statistical analysis purposes. These cookies help us analyze web traffic and help you
by customizing the platform to your preferences. A cookie in no way gives us access to your
computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can
deny access to the installation of the cookies by modifying the settings on your web browser;
however this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the platform.
Your rights in the personal data collected
Further, you have the right to request the following in regards to your personal data:
Complete access to the personal data collected by us
Correction of any personal data in case the same as collected by us is inaccurate or
inadequate
Complete or partial erasure/ deletion of personal data
Right to object the processing of any personal data ( by providing legitimate grounds only)
Withdrawal of consent with regards to collection of data in case consent has already been provided by you (services shall be restricted accordingly)
Data Deletion – On a written request, we shall either delete or return all client personal
data or return all client personal data in such form as the client requests within a
reasonable time after the end of the provision of the relevant Services related to
processing and delete existing copies unless storage of any data is required by any
applicable law.
What personal data is not collected -
When you share your iOS Health app data with our services, that data is covered by the Privacy Policy. We handle all iOS Health app and HealthKit data in accordance with Apple's development guidelines. To view Apple's HealthKit developer guidelines, go to
https://developer.apple.com/app-store/review/guidelines/#healthkit
.
The Shilpa Shetty App (“App”) makes use of Apple’s HealthKit and your HealthKit information. If you grant our App access to HealthKit, our App can add information such as calories, protein, fat, carbohydrates, amongst other data, to HealthKit.
Your unique health data you choose to send to and from HealthKit (including age, gender, weight) is not accessible by the App and is not transferred by App to any third parties for marketing or advertising. Our App cannot write data to HealthKit unless you grant access. You can remove access at any time either inside our App or inside the Apple Health app.
Our App is in no way responsible for the protection of any of your information that you agree to store with HealthKit, which is governed by Apple’s privacy policy and other terms. You and Apple are solely responsible for the protection of such information. Please review Apple’s applicable policies and procedures before syncing and backing up your health data and/or other information with the Health Kit.
Data collection by Alexa
By default Alexa doesn’t collect any personal information like email, phone number.
Update of the Privacy Policy
SSKO reserves its right to change these policies periodically by updating this page and shall post the same on the platform. Also, in case there is any material change in the manner of processing personal data, a prior notice shall be posted on the platform and the same shall be sent to the registered email address of the users. In case there is any legal obligation to make material changes in processing of personal data, we shall request your consent prior to implementation of the required changes. Write to us at
support@theshilpashetty.com
if you have any concerns with the current policy or any changes SSKO may make in the future.
Disclaimer
SSKO will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless SSKO has your permission or is required by law to do so. However, SSKO reserves the right to disclose information to third parties if we believe we are required to do so by law or have a good-faith belief that such access or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
Abide by any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request;
Enforce platform’s terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues
Respond to user support requests;
Protect the rights, property or safety of SSKO, its users and the public.
Grievances and Disputes
In the event you have any grievances relating to the Privacy Policy, please inform SSKO within 24 hours of occurrence of the instance from which the grievance has arisen, by writing an email to the Grievance Officer at
support@theshilpashetty.com
Any dispute, controversy or claim directly or indirectly caused by, arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of India and will be referred to confidential, mandatory and binding arbitration in Mumbai, India. The arbitration will be conducted on an expedited basis before a single arbitrator appointed by SSKO in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The arbitrator's award shall be substantiated in writing and will be final and binding on you and SSKO. Subject to the above, you agree to submit yourself to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts in Mumbai, India.
Customers based in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area and customers who are subject to the GDPR or any other UK or EU privacy law or is a European Union Data Subject, without prejudice to any other administrative of judicial remedy available to them, shall have the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority, as stated under Article 77 of the GDPR.
In order to ensure compliance by us and our customers based in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area and customers who are subject to the GDPR or any other UK or EU privacy law or is a European Union Data Subject, the list of the supervisory authority as stated under Article 51 of the GDPR can be accessed through
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Services
FAQ’s
Disclaimer
© 2023
Theshilpashetty.com
All Rights Reserved.
Designed by:
Catalyst Media Integrated LLP