Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
INSCODE built the Clickmate app as
                    ad-free app. This SERVICE is provided by
                    INSCODE and is intended for
                    use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding
                    our policies with the collection, use, and
                    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use
                    our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree
                    to the collection and use of information in relation to this
                    policy. The Personal Information that we collect is
                    used for providing and improving the Service.
                    We will not use or share your
                    information with anyone except as described in this Privacy
                    Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
                    as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
                    Clickmate unless otherwise defined in this Privacy
                    Policy.
Accessibility service usage
This app uses Accessibility Service API to provide following features:
- perform touch gestures on the screen: single touch and multi touch gestures
- perform navigation actions: back action, home action, recent apps action
- performing screenshots by using take screenshot action
- displaying floating widgets across the device screen
Data accessed through AccessibilityService API:
With usage of accessibility service API app displays floating window with view attached which captures touch input and its details: X and Y coordinates of touch, count of fingers used to perform touch and its duration. \This data could be saved if you, the user, decide so. Saved data is used to reproduce your touch input later on your demand using Accessibility Service API.
Data described above is not shared in anyway with any third party and it stays locally on your phone, unless you, the user, decide to export the data outside the app using export option, where exporting is saving the touch-related data (x and y coordinates, finger count, touch duration, repeat count) to external file in directory indicated by you, the user.
Information Collection and Use
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and collect certain anonymous information when you visit our app. These companies may use anonymous information such as your Google Advertising ID, your device type and system version and other technical data relating to your device, in order to provide advertisements
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers
                      used by the app
Google Play Services
Firebase Analytics
Fabric
Crashlytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever
                    you use our Service, in a case of an error in the
                    app we collect data and information (through third
                    party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
                    may include information such as device name, operating system
                    version, the configuration of the app when utilizing
                    our Service, the time and date of your use of the
                    Service and other statistics.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click
                    on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
                    Note that these external sites are not operated by
                    us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to
                    review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
                    We have no control over and assume no
                    responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
                    practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
                    We do not knowingly collect personally
                    identifiable information from children under 13. In the case
                    we discover that a child under 13 has provided
                    us with personal information,
                    we immediately delete this from our servers. If you
                    are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child
                    has provided us with personal information, please contact
                    us so that we will be able to do
                    necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
                    time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                    periodically for any changes. We will
                    notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
                    on this page. These changes are effective immediately after
                    they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about
                    our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
                    us at clickmateapp@gmail.com.