Privacy policy | Eductify
Learning
Math Tests - mathematics practice questions
Spelling and Grammar
English Grammar Tests
Parents
Schools
Contact
english
english
deutsch
español
français
português
čeština
slovenčina
polski
日本語
한국어
Privacy policy
GENERAL
Eductify has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how we collect, use and share information. By using or accessing our mobile applications or website (“Services”), you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Eductify reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times. By using the Services, you accept the privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and share your data.
Personal Data
Eductify does not require any type of Personal data. Personal Data is any information that that specifically identifies you as an individual. We do not require or ask you to provide any personal or sensitive data such as name, age, gender, email or any contact information, IP-address, photo, password or payment information. We do not need these data to provide you with our services, thus we do not require them, we do not collect it and we do not store it..
Technical and activity data
We collect device ID and related information to a device necessary for the successful operation of our Services. We do not collect and store IP-address, age, name, e-mail, password or any other information that would identify our user personally or as an owner of the device. The other Information we process may include your browser type, screen resolution, device type, language, version and type of operating system, SDK version, API key, application version, Android Vendor, geo location, levels achieved, in-app purchases.
We do record the following activity data (anonymously so they are not connected with any identified user or user account): usage Patterns, clicks, screen movements, screens visited, navigation, session duration, session results, answers chosen, test progress, learning activity, learning plan progress.
Information obtained by us is not use for any other purpose than providing our services. No advertisement is shown and no marketing materials, personalized special offers or emails are produced.
Purpose of storing the data
Eductify may use or share data collected through the Services for purposes such as understanding or improving our Services. We do not use them to any other purpose such as marketing, advertisement etc.
Sharing Data
Eductify does not share data with third party social networks (i.e. Facebook). If you use an App in connection to our Service Parent Connect, which requires both side approving (through generating and entering PIN), user from one device can see data provided by our Services from other user device. These shared data include strictly information collected by our Services and are strictly related to education such as test results, statistics of tests, answers to question.
Our Third Party Service Providers
We cannot provide all services necessary for the successful operation of our Apps by ourselves. We therefore share collected Information with our Providers. When using the Third Party Services, you adhere to their data processing practices.
You recognize and agree that Eductify is not liable for the Third Party Service Provider’s terms and conditions and their use of your Information:
Google Wallet: If you choose to use Google Checkout to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to Google Checkout. Google’s Privacy Policy will apply to the information you provide to the Google Checkout web site.
Google Wallet
Third Party Sites
We use Google Play Services and Firebase to collect the Information in order to analyze and improve our Apps. If you are using one of our child directed Apps or mixed audience Apps and you identified yourself as under the age of 13, the collected Information will only be used for support for internal operations.
Google Play Services
Firebase Services
Opt-out
You are always free to opt out of the Information collection by not using our Apps. You can deactivate local notifications by changing the notification settings in accordance with the instructions of the operating system running on the your’ device or in the setting of our applications if available.
Storing and deletion of information
We store your Information for as long as needed to provide you with our services. We may store Information longer, but only in a way that it cannot be tracked back to you. When Information is no longer needed, we shall delete it using reasonable measures to protect the Information from unauthorized access or use.
EU Territory: We store Personal Information as long as it is needed for the provision of our services. Traffic information is erased or made anonymous. Location information is stored to the extent and for the duration necessary for the provision of a value-added service. Cookies, direct marketing and provision of value-added services information (including traffic information used for these purposes) are not stored. Other information is stored for as long as we consider it to be necessary for the provision of our services. This Section shall not prevent any technical storage or access to information for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication or as strictly necessary in order for us to provide the service you requested.
US Territory: We will retain collected information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable legislation.
Storing might be different depending on the territory of collecting the information and the applicable legislation, but we always strive to store the information only as long as it is needed for the purposes of providing, improving or personalizing our services.
Data Log Files Storing: We store raw data log files on servers for one month, afterwards the data is deleted.
Children
Children under the age of digital consent deserve extra privacy protection. That’s why the whole app content is suitable for child audience and no personal data are collected, stored or shared. Our services also do not involve any advertisement.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and internal procedures to protect Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-12-15
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
info@eductify.com
About us
Eductify was founded in 2017. Our mission is to simplify education through state-of-the-art technologies. With apps we create, you can learn simply and funny way from everywhere using your phone or tablet.
About us
|
Contact
Products
Math Tests - mathematics practice questions
Spelling and Grammar
English Grammar Tests
Information
Privacy
Eula
english
deutsch
español
français
português
čeština
slovenčina
polski
日本語
한국어
Copyright © 2017 - 2023 Eductify