Privacy girlgamesacademy.com
Home
» Privacy
I. General information about this privacy policy
Girlgamesacademy
respects the privacy rights of Users and recognizes the importance of protecting the information collected. Please read our Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it.
II. Information that we collect
Personal Information
: We do NOT collect any Personal Information like your full name, phone number, email address, photograph, precise geolocation, or any other personal details. We do not have this information about you and therefore we cannot share it with anyone.
Nonpersonal Information
: We may collect non-identifiable and anonymous information as  type and version of operating system, device type, and model, language, geolocation (only at a country). Nonpersonal information is technical data and cannot be used to identify you.
III. Permissions
Our app uses the following permissions:
android.permission.INTERNET
: This permission is required to display ads.
IV. Advertising
We accept advertisements from Third Parties ad networks that may be displayed in our games. Our free Android applications use Google's Admob advertising platform to supply in-app adverts. Our team is making sure that all ads are appropriate for children and that no personal information about your interactions with ads is collected. Our games show ads that are COPPA-compliant and GDPR-compliant (non-personalized) and suitable for general audiences.
Google's Admob privacy:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
V. Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the apps may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
VI. Information about Children
Girlgamesacademy
is committed to protecting the privacy of children who use our apps and we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
All apps are safe for children
.
VII. Contact
For more information, please contact us:
[email protected]