App Privacy Policy
– Dpprime
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart (
)
Continue shopping
Home
Collection List
Deez Nuts
Bruh
Game Over
OK Boomer
Contact Us
Submit
Search
Cart
0
items
Home
Collection List
Collection List Menu
Collection List
Deez Nuts
Bruh
Game Over
OK Boomer
Contact Us
App Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to DPPRIME.
By installing, using or otherwise accessing this application,
YOU AGREE
to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please
DO NOT
install or use this application.
Personal Information
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
Use of Collected User Information
For a better experience, while using our Service, DPPRIME may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that DPPRIME request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
AppLovin
Log Data
DPPRIME want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
DPPRIME may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
DPPRIME want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites
This app may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
support@dpprime.com
Quick links
Website privacy policy
Refund policy
Shipping policy
Terms of service
App privacy policy
Welcom to Dpprime
We're so happy to have you! Subscribe for new updates and discounts.
Newsletter
Subscribe
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
Payment methods
American Express
Apple Pay
Mastercard
PayPal
Visa
© 2023,
Dpprime
Powered by Shopify
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.