About | Vingle, Interest Network
Sign Up
Log In
Site Terms
Member Terms of Service
Vingle Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Vingle Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December, 2019
Your access to, and use of, the Site and Services is subject to Vingle's Website Terms of Use or the Terms of Service, as applicable (each, the “Terms”). Subject to the provisions of applicable laws, any personal information you submit to Vingle will not be used in any manner to which you have not consented. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how Vingle protects the privacy and security of personally identifiable information of users of our Site and Services. Any capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the respective meanings given them in the applicable Terms.
By using the Site or Services, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Vingle in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site or Services. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.
1. What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy covers how Vingle treats personally identifiable information that it collects and receives through the Site or Services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable (e.g., your name, address, email address or phone number) and not otherwise publicly available.
2. What information do we collect?
We may collect personal information under the following circumstances.
When you create an account, we may ask you for your name, email address, gender, profile photo, or other personal information. You may, however, visit our Site without providing such personal information.
We use IP addresses and session identifiers to analyze trends, to administer the Site and Services, to track user activities, to infer user interests, and to otherwise induce, deduce, and gather information about individual users and market segments.
We may also collect your geographic location, browsertype, operating system and other software or hardware information.
We use internal tools and third party applications and services (such as Google Analytics) to collect and analyze information.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our Site. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
We will also collect any information that you provide to us if you create a personal profile, search our Site or Services, post Member Content or correspond with Vingle.
3. How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To personalize your Site experience and the Services and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to provide better service and respond to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a promotion, survey or other Site or Services feature.
To respond to subpoenas, search warrants, judicial proceedings, court orders, legal process, or other law enforcement measures, to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims.
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding alleged or actual illegal activities, including fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety or other rights and interests of any person, violations of the applicable Terms, or as otherwise required by law.
We may also share information about you for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
4. Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We generally do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described in this Privacy Policy. The term "outside parties" does not include our affiliates and any other parties who assist us in offering Services, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. If we sell our company, or otherwise transfer any assets of our company, we may provide your personal information to the purchaser so that you may continue the relationship or business with us and our products. We may also release your personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, nonpersonally identifiable information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
5. User’s right
The users or their legal representatives, as main agents of the information, may exercise the following rights regarding the collection, use and sharing of personal information by the Company:
exercise right to access to personal information;
make corrections or deletion;
make temporary suspension of treatment of personal information; or
request the withdrawal of their consent provided before
If, in order to exercise the above rights, you, as an user, use the menu of 'amendment of member information of webpage or contact the Company by sending a document or e-mails, or using telephone to the company(or person in charge of management of personal information or a deputy), the Company will take measures without delay: Provided that the Company may reject the request of you only to the extent that there exists either proper cause as prescribed in the laws or equivalent cause.
You can also exercise your rights through a legal representative.
6. How long we keep your information
In principle, the Company destructs personal information of users without delay when the purpose of its collection and use has been achieved the legal or management needs are satisfied or users request.
Provided that if it is required to retain the information by relevant laws and regulations, the Company will retain member information for certain period as designated by relevant laws and regulations. The information to be retained as required by relevant laws and regulations are as follows:
Record regarding contract or withdrawal of subscription: 5 years (The Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce)
Record on payment and supply of goods:5 years (The Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce)
Record on consumer complaint or dispute treatment: 3 years (The Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce)
Record on collection/process, and use of credit information: 3 years (The Act on Use and Protection of Credit Information)
Record on sign/advertisement: 6 months(The Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce)
Log record of users such as internet/data detecting the place of user connection: 3 months(The Protection of Communications Secrets Act)
Other data for checking communication facts: 12 months (The Protection of Communications Secrets Act)
7. Procedure and method of destruction of personal information
In principle, the Company destructs the information immediately after the purposes of its collection and use have been achieved without delay
Provided that, if any information is to be retained as required by relevant laws and regulations, the Company retain it for the period as required by those laws and regulations before destruction and, in such event, the personal information which is stored and managed separately will never be used for other purposes.
The Company destructs: hard copies of personal information by shredding with a pulverizer or incinerating it; and delete personal information stored in the form of electric file by using technological method making that information not restored.
8. Do we use "cookies"?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember items you have searched for in the past. Cookies are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved Services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with thirdparty service providers to assist us in better understanding our Site visitors and Members. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (such as Mozilla Firefox or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your Site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly, and registered users may not be able to login properly.
9. How do I optout information collection?
You may opt out of information collection by deactivating your account. You can deactivate your account at any time by visiting the preference page of your profile. Although your account will be disabled, all of your posts and content submissions will remain on the website and publicly available. Vingle is under no obligation to remove any publicly available Member Content after your account has been deactivated.
10. How do we safeguard your personal information?
Vingle follows generally accepted industry security standards to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use your personally identifiable information. However, no commercial method of information transfer over the Internet or electronic data storage is known to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage in our systems.
11. Does this Privacy Policy cover third party links?
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Site. In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our Site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
12. Does this Privacy Policy apply to offline information?
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Site or Services and not to information collected offline.
13. How do you ask questions and provide feedback?
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or any feedback, please contact our privacy team at
privacy@vingle.com
.
14. What happens if you are a nonUnited States resident?
It is important to note that the Site and Services are offered under United States law. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any visitor information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and/or other countries. By using the Site or Services and/or providing us with your visitor information, you consent to this transfer.
15. How do you correct or update personal information?
You can correct or update your personal information by reregistering, updating your profile, or by contacting us by email at
support@vingle.net
.
However, we will maintain copies of your information to the extent retained as part of our standard backup/archive process. In addition, these procedures will not remove any of your information that you have provided to other users or third parties, or that has been collected from you by third parties linked from the Site or Services.
16. How do we protect children’s privacy?
Under Age 13
We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive online world. The Site and Services are not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children thirteen (13) years of age or younger. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of thirteen (13). No one under the age of thirteen (13) should submit any personal information to Vingle.
Under Age 18
Minors under 18 years of age may have the personal information that they have provided to Vingle while using this Site or the Services deleted by sending an email to
support@vingle.net
requesting deletion. Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all systems.