Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Editorji
editorji
Legal/Terms & Conditions
EDITORJI PRIVACY POLICY
A.
Introduction
1. Editorji’s Commitment:
Editorji Technologies Private Limited(hereinafter referred to as “Editorji”)knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. We are strongly committed to your right to privacy and to keeping your personal information secure. Our privacy practices are fully disclosed, to earn your trust and confidence. We encourage you to read our privacy statement to understand what types of personally identifiable information we collect and how we use this information.
2. Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy describes the information we process to support Editorji and other services and features offered by Editorji (hereinafter referred to as“Editorji Services” or “Services”). The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your Editorji experience. Here are the types of information we gather.
3. What kinds of information does Editorji collect
?
To provide the Editorji Services, we must process information about you. The type of information that we collect depends on how you use our Services. We only collect the necessary personally identifiable information in order to respond to your requests for our customized services.
For example:
Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, first and last name, physical address, e-mail address, phone number, birth date, and any other information that itself identifies or when tied to the above information, may identify you as a specific individual.
Our website does not collect personally identifiable information about you except when youspecifically and knowingly provide it. Editorji and its service partners use your personallyidentifiable information to operate the sites and services and to inform you of new features andservices from Editorji and its affiliates.
Things that you and others do and provide:-
Information and content you provide:
We collect the content, opinion, communications and other information you provide, when you use our Services, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content or opinion with others. This can include information in or about the content or an opinion that you provide (e.g. metadata), such as the location of a photo or video or the date a file or opinion was created. It can also include what you see through features that we provide, such as our camera, so we can do things such as suggest masks and filters that you might like, or give you tips on using camera formats. Our systems automatically process content, opinion, communications and other information that you and others provide to analyse context and what is in them.
Data with special protections:
You can choose to provide information in your Editorji profile fields in our website www.editorji.com or our mobile application. This and other information (such as racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership) could be subject to special protections under the laws of your country.
Networks and connections:
We collect information about the people, pages, accounts, hash tags and groups that you are connected to and how you interact with them across our Services. We also collect contact information if you choose to upload, sync or import it from a device (such as an address book or call log or SMS log history, etc.), which we use for things such as sending promotional messages, etc.
Automatic Information through your usage:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses www.editorji.com or advertisements and other content or opinion served by or on behalf of Editorji. We collect information about how you use our Services, such as the types of content and/or opinion that you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, the people or accounts you interact with and the time, frequency and duration of your activities. For example, we keep a log when you are using and have last used our Services, and what posts, videos, opinions and other content you view on our Services.
Things others do and information that they provide about you:
We also receive and analyse content, opinions, communications and other information that other people provide and keep you in the loop when they use our Services.
4. Device information
When you download or use applications created by Editorji, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device or any other devices, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content or opinions. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services.
For example:
As described, we collect information from and about the computers, phones, connected TVs and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our Services, and we combine this information across different devices that you use. Accordingly, we use information collected about your use of our Services on your phone to better personalise the content (including ads) or opinion or features that you see when you use our Services on another device, such as your laptop or tablet, or to measure whether you took an action in response to an advertisement that we showed you on your phone on a different device.
Information that we obtain from these devices includes:
Device attributes: Information such as the operating system, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, application and file names and types, and plugins.
Device operations: Information about operations and behaviours performed on the device, such as whether a window is foregrounded or backgrounded, or mouse movements (which can help distinguish humans from bots).
Identifiers: Unique identifiers, device IDs and other identifiers, such as from games, applications or accounts that you use, and family device IDs (or other identifiers unique to Editorji Services associated with the same device or account).
Device signals: Bluetooth signals, information about nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons and mobile phone masts.
Data from device settings: Information that you allow us to receive through device settings that you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos, etc.
Network and connections: Information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP,language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address, connection speed and, in some cases, information about other devices that are nearby or on your network. Accordingly, we can do things such as help you stream a video or audio-visual content from your phone to your TV.
Cookie data: Data from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings.
5. How do we use this information?
We use the information that we have (subject to choices you make) as described below, and to provide and support the Editorji Services and related services described in the Editorji Terms. Here's how:
Provide, personalise and improve our Services:
Information across Editorji Services and devices: We connect information about your activities on different Editorji Services and devices to provide a more tailored and consistent experience on all Editorji Services that you use and wherever you use them. We can also make your experience more seamless, for example, by automatically filling in your registration information (such as your phone number) from one Editorji Service when you sign up for an account on a different Service.
Location-related information:We use location-related information – such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go, and the businesses and people you are near – to provide, personalise and improve our Services, including advertisements, for you and others. Location-related information can be based on things such as precise device location (if you have allowed us to collect it), IP addresses and information from your and others' use of Editorji Services (such as check-ins or events you attend).
Service research and development:We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Services, including by conducting surveys and research, and testing and troubleshooting new Services and features.
Advertisements and other sponsored content: We use the information we have about you – including information about your interests, actions and connections – to select and personalise advertisements, offers and other sponsored content that we show you.
Provide measurement, analytics and other business services:
We use the information that we have (including your activity off our Services, such as the websites you visit and advertisements you see) to help advertisers and other partners measure the effectiveness and distribution of their advertisements and services, and understand the type of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, applications and services.
Promote safety, integrity and security:
We use the information that we have to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of our Services, and promote safety and security on and off Editorji Services. For example, we use data that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy or other policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
Communicate with you:
We use the information that we have to send you marketing communications- communicate with you about our Services and let you know about our Privacy Policy, other policies and Terms of Use. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
Research and innovate for social good :
We use the information that we have (including from research partners who we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being. For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crisis to aid relief efforts.
New owner:
If the ownership or control of all or part of our Services or their assets changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Sharing with third-party partners or affiliates:
We work with third-party partners who help us provide and improve our Services or who use Editorji’s business tools to grow their businesses, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world. We don't sell any of your information to anyone and we never will. We also impose strict restrictions on how our affiliates or third party partners can use and disclose the data we provide to them. Here are the types of third parties that we share information with:
Partners who use our analytics services
We provide aggregated statistics and insights that help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with their posts, listings, videos, opinion and other content on and off the Editorji Services.
Advertisers
We provide advertisers with reports about the kinds of people seeing their advertisements and how their advertisements are performing, but we don't share information that personally identifies you (information such as your name or email address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you are) unless you give us permission. For example, we provide general demographic and interest information to advertisers (for example, that an advertisement was seen by a woman between the ages of 25 and 34 who lives in Mumbai and likes software engineering) to help them better understand their audience. We also confirm which Editorji advertisements led you to make a purchase or take an action with an advertiser.
Measurement partners
We share information about you with companies that aggregate it to provide analytics and measurement reports to our partners.
Partners offering goods and exclusive content or opinion through our Services
When you subscribe to receive premium content, or opinion or buy something from a seller in our Services, the content creator or opinion maker or seller can receive your public information and other information that you share with them, as well as the information needed to complete the transaction, including shipping and contact details.
Vendors and service providers
We provide information, opinion and content to vendors and service providers who support our business, such as by providing technical infrastructure services, analysing how our Services are used, providing customer service, facilitating payments or conducting surveys.
Researchers and academics
We also provide information, opinion and content to research partners and academics to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation that supports our business or mission and enhances discovery and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
6. How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers or debit card numbers when confirming an order or any paid services. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number or debit card number to the appropriate credit card or debit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
7. How do we respond to legal requests or prevent harm?
We access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others:
In response to a legal request (e.g. a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a goodfaith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may also include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside the Republic of India when we have a good-faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction and is consistent with internationally recognised standards.
When we have a good-faith belief that it is necessary to detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Services, violations of our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy or Policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, property or Services), you or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. For example, if relevant, we exchange information with third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activity on and off our Services.
Information that we receive about you (including financial transaction data related to purchases made with Editorji) can be accessed and preserved for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation or investigations of possible violations of our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy or other policies, or otherwise to prevent harm. We also retain information from accounts disabled for term violations for at least a year to prevent repeat abuse or other term violations.
8. Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit www.editorji.com or our mobile application, your visit and any dispute over privacy or terms of use is subject to this notice or Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the Republic of India. If you have any concern about privacy at Editorji, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use will also change accordingly. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our website www.editorji.com frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of the user information collected in the past without the consent of affected users.
9. Your Consent
By using the Editorji website www.editorji.com and/or mobile application, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Editorji, including the transfer of this information within the Republic of India and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by Editorji and its affiliates.
10. Rights
As a registered user, you have the right to (i) review the information provided to us, as and when requested by you; (ii) access your profile at any time to add, remove or modify any information that you have supplied which may be inaccurate or deficient. If upon modifying or changing the information earlier provided to us, we find it difficult or challenging to permit access to Editorji Services to you due to insufficiency/ inaccuracy of the information, we may, in our sole discretion terminate your access to such services by providing you a written notice to this effect on your registered email address. Please be aware that it is your responsibility to keep your personal information accurate and up to date.
11. Withdrawal of consent
You will at all times have the option of not providing Editorji with the information that it seeks to collect. Even after you have provided Editorji with any information, you will have the option to withdraw the consent given earlier. In such cases, Editorji will have the right to not provide or discontinue the provision of any service that is linked with such information. To withdraw consent for providing your information to Editorji, please send an email to grievance@editorji.com In such cases, Editorji will be under no obligation to provide or continue to provide the services for which such information was provided.
12. Grievance officer
For any queries related to this Privacy Policy, or any grievances in relation to the collection, usage and processing of your personal information, you may contact the designated Grievance Officer of Editorji as per the details mentioned below :
Name: Richa Tyagi
Designation: Grievance Officer
Address: 3rd Floor, Plot B,
Khasra 360, Sultanpur,
MG Road, New Delhi 110030,
India
Phone: +91 11 40356666
Email: grievance@editorji.com
Periodic Compliance Reports
FY 2023 Reports
Select report from 2023
FY 2022 Reports
Select report from 2022
Follow us
Download the app
editorji
About us
Editorji is your personalised video news platform, we learn about your interests in order to show the news that matters to you! Watch it on your phone, tablet or TV.
Reach us
+91 11 4035 6666 / info@editorji.com
3rd floor, Plot B, Khasara no 360, Sultanpur, New Delhi, Delhi 110030
Send Feedback
Contact Us
Navigate
Legal/Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Investor Relations
Careers
Subscribe to Newsletter
Complaint Redressal
Editorji Technologies Pvt. Ltd. © 2022 All Rights Reserved.