Privacy Policy | Studio 8 Apps
Studio 8 Apps
“Laugh often, Dream big, Reach for the stars!”
email
facebook
twitter
instagram
android
Home
About
Select Page ...
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 20/04/2020
Studio 8 Apps (“We” or “Us”) has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Studio 8 Apps collects, stores and uses the user (“User” or “You”) information acquired in connection with our products, services or websites (“Service”). This policy applies to all Studio 8 Apps Services unless the Service has an overriding policy. Personal information in this document means but is not limited to: first name, last name, phone number, contacts, messages, calendar and plaintext device identifiers. We respect our Users’ privacy and continuously work with our partners to achieve a reasonable level of security for personal information.
What information does the Service obtain and how is it used?
We collect anonymous analytics to help us better understand how our audience uses our Services. This includes information about the User’s device such as operating system version, screen resolution, device make and model, coarse location and usage information of our apps. We don’t collect any personal information for analytics. The purpose of analytics is to be able to continuously improve our Services and the experience for our Users. We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
We retain the right to collect and store identifying information for the sole purpose of providing user accounts to improve the quality, features and user experience of our Services. All identifying information will be stored and handled with proper security measures.
Third Party services (Advertisements and Analytics)
We display advertisements in our free apps to fund the development process for current and future Services. The advertisements are provided by third party companies and they may use and collect anonymous data about the User’s interests to be able to select more relevant advertisements. This information may also include location data and unique device identifier. No information is collected to allow third parties identifying you as a person.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
AdMob (Google)
We use an external tool for the collection of analytics information. The tool uses similar information as used with advertisements. Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. Click to see company privacy policies that govern their use of data.
Google Analytics
What are my opt-out rights?
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application:
You can stop all collection of information by our apps easily by uninstalling the application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Protection of Personal Information
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our apps. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches or human error.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using the our apps, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Latvia. If you reside outside the Latvia your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under Latvia privacy standards.
If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Service. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us at
studio8apps@gmail.com
©2020 Studio 8 Apps
Home
About
Copyright © 2018 Studio8Apps.com. All Rights Reserved