The Privacy Policy for our apps and games – cutegifanimatedpics.
Skip to content
cutegifanimatedpics.
cute gif, funny gif, love gif
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
Menu
Home
About Us
Contact
The Privacy Policy for our apps and games
cutegifanimatedpics
Uncategorized
September 24, 2018
November 27, 2018
3 Minutes
By downloading and using our apps/games, you agree with us those policies below:
1. Scope
This data protection notice tells users how their personal data is used.
Our studio provides games and related services that can be used with friends or in a social network. Users share, sample and design games with other people – our services unite people in fun and enjoyment.
We do not collect or store any private information of user: phone number, email, name, age, …
2. User and gaming data at our studio
By taking part in a game, a user allows
our studio
to use its data (e.g. player name, level, results, prizes, coins) for staging the game(s) and services.
Our studio
is continually refining its games and services, adapting them to user requirements by using data provided anonymously: level, score, coin, …
Our studio
may also display your player status or scores to friends and other players.
3. Facebook plugins
Our studio
uses social plugins, e.g. the “share” button, from the social networking site facebook.com. These plugins are operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The list of Facebook Social Plugins and what they look like can be viewed on Facebook at
http://developers.facebook.com/plugins
.
If a user click share button in game, this game will post user score in wall of user.
We do not store or collect information of facebook user. We only post user score when user click on share button
.
4. Use of other plugins
Our games, services and websites may also contain other plugins. Each plugin is the responsibility of its provider (e.g. Twitter, Google, Scoreloop). Again, this means that we have no control over the amount of information that the respective provider collects with the help of its own plugin, or how it then uses that information.
If the user is not yet a customer of the provider or has not (yet) consented there to having its data collected and used, we recommend not clicking on these plugins.
5. Use of Google Analytics Advertising features
By playing this game, you agree us to collect game experienced data that used for Google Analytics Advertising Features includes:
+ Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
+ Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers
This data help us easily upgrade the game better in the future. Please note that this data don’t included any personal information from you. More detail, they are statistics data about levels, missions, and screens that you have played.
For more information, please read:
+ Google advertising cookies:
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/
+ Anonymous identifiers:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/key-terms/#toc-terms-identifier
+ Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
6. Use of Pollfish:
“Survey Serving Technology
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID which will may be processed by Pollfish only in strict compliance with google play policies- and/or other device data) and response meta-data (including information about the apps which the user has installed in his mobile phone) is automatically sent to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully Pollfish respondent terms located at
https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent
. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sents such questionnaires to eligible users. By downloading the application you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish website . We once more invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.
APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.”
CreativeJoy Studio.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Related
Published by
cutegifanimatedpics
View all posts by cutegifanimatedpics
Published
September 24, 2018
November 27, 2018
Post navigation
Previous Post
Kissing Day Gif
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Δ
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Comment
Follow
Following
cutegifanimatedpics.
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
cutegifanimatedpics.
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this: