VK Amberfog Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Revised: September 24, 2014
VK Amberfog is committed to protecting its Users privacy. The following Privacy Policy outlines the information Amberfog Inc. (“Amberfog”, "we", or "us") may process and how we may use that information to better serve visitors and Users while using our Application (“Application”). Please review the following carefully so that you understand our privacy practices.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@amberfog.com
Definitions
"
User
" means a person who has installed VK Amberfog application
VK Privacy Policy
Application is using vk.com public API available at
https://vk.com/dev
. By using the Application you agree to comply with vk.com Privacy Policy (
https://vk.com/privacy
)
Purposes for processing your personal data
Technical and functional management of the Application
When you use our Application, we process technical data such as your IP-address, or Device ID, and  information about the manufacturer, model, and operating system of your mobile  device. We use this data to enable us to deliver the functionalities of the Application,  resolve technical difficulties, provide you with the correct and most up to  date version of the Application and to improve the function of the Application.
Geo-location information
When you use the Application through your mobile device, and only if you have consented thereto, we will track your geo-location information, on a real time basis only. We use this information to allow you to attach location to your social network posts or messages. We may also use this real-time geo-location information to address user support, technical, or business issues that may arise in the course of your use of the Application.
If you do not consent to the tracking of your geo-location, you will still be able to use the basic features of the Application. Further, you can turn the geo-location tracking off at the device level, also temporarily. Your mobile device informs you when geo-location is  tracked by displaying the GPS arrow icon.
Personal Information
Application is never store your vk.com credentials. We do store temporary token to access vk.com API. User can always rewoke access VK Amberfog application to the vk.com profile at
https://vk.com/apps
.
Caching
Application is using local caching to provide best user experience. Information is stored securely in local phone memory. By accepting this Privacy Policy you understand that this information could be obtained at the Android devices with root access.
Security
Amberfog has taken appropriate technical and organizational security measures against loss or unlawful  processing of your personal data. To this purpose, your personal data are securely stored within our database, and we use standard, industry-wide, commercially reasonable security practices.
However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information  you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. Any transmission of information by you to Amberfog is at your own risk.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy  statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any  material changes we will notify you prior to the change becoming effective. We  encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on  our privacy practices.
Contact Amberfog
If you have any questions about these Privacy Policy or our Application, please contact Amberfog at
support@amberfog.com