GPS Tools® - Privacy Policy
VirtualMaze SoftSys Private Limited
Privacy Policy
VirtualMaze SoftSys Private Limited ("VMSPL") is committed   to protecting the privacy of all personal information obtained from you during your visits to our website or while using our mobile application. Our aim is to safeguard the security and privacy of   all users. This policy explains our information practices and the choices you   can make about the way in which VMSPL collects and uses your information.
Use of Personal Data
GPS Tools® website(
http://www.gpstools.app
) does not automatically capture or store personal data from visitors to the site other than to log the users IP address and hostname, and   session details such as the duration of the visit, pages visited and the nature   of the browser used. This information does not identify you personally; it is   used to help us diagnose problems with our data server, to administer our   website, and to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of the site.   For example, we may use this data to track which pages our users are visiting   most often, or to determine which web browsers our visitors use.
Any data that is collected through our website or mobile app will not be shared to any third parties. Those data will be used in our internal operations for our website or app related functionalities or services.
Use of Location Data
When you use our free mobile GPS applications, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map. We will not share your current location or any other location data with other users or partners without your permission.
As GPS Tools® app is a GPS based application and it contains many tools/utilities which uses your location
while using the app
or
all the time
(even in the background also).
It uses your location
while using the app
for the following tools or purposes:
- show travelling speed(Speedometer)
- show weather and forecast at where you are
- show current location and address
- show air quality and uv index at where you are
- show direction in compass
- show satellite signal at where you are
- show weather map
It uses your location
all the time
(even when the app is closed or not in use) for the following tools or purposes:
- to trigger GPS Alarm (GPS Alarm)
- to log location of your device(Track & Find Device)
- to show path you travelled(Trekking Pro)
For getting driving route and other places related information, we are using Google API services. For more information about their polices, you may visit
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small data file that a website may send to your browser and   that your browser may then store on your system. VMSPL does not utilize cookies   in any area of the website so none will be stored in your browser as a result of   navigating this site.
External Links
This privacy policy does not apply to third party websites that may be   accessible through links from the VMSPL website. These hyperlinks are provided   for your reference and convenience only and do not imply endorsement of their   activities or products unless otherwise stated. We encourage you to read the   privacy policies of those third parties to learn how they collect and use   information about you before using the site or providing any personal data about   yourself.
Notification of Changes
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted here so that you will   always know what information we are collecting online, how we use it and what   choices you have.