Privacy
Policy
The secrecy of your personal and non-personal information is regarded as the
uppermost level of importance by
AppBotics
Lab
. We will strictly comply with all relevant
statutory requirements, and, in the event of any contradiction, the statutory
requirements will override the provisions of this document. We may collect
Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier
allied to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our
Websites/Apps. We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time
without notification to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date
of issue on our website. If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are
aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though
this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent
or guardian’s permission before providing us with any private information.
This Privacy Policy relates to information, including contact information,
collected about you by the
AppBotics
Lab
. Please review this Privacy Policy prudently.
Information Collection:
We will only collect non-personal information where it is reasonably necessary
to do so for the conduct of our business.
We may collect information regarding
your use of our software, applications and/or services, including information
about the duration of your use, the features you use and your interactions with
other users of the software, applications and/or services.
We may collect information regarding the device you
use to access the software, applications and/or services, including (where
applicable) its model, operating system, screen resolution and other technical
information.
We may collect and use your Non-Personal
Information such as a device ID when you decide to enable push notifications in
order to send push notifications to your device.
We will not collect any Personal Information from you simply by virtue of your
visiting our Website; we only collect it if you choose to submit it to us. We
do, however, collect Non-Personal Information such as device IDs, IP addresses
and other persistent identifiers, as well as Usage Data, whenever you use our
Website/Apps. Such Non-Personal Information is not combined with Personal
Information unless you choose to submit Personal Information to us.
We may also collect following information
• IP address; Country code;
• IDFAs, IDFVs, Advertising IDs;
• Language; Locale (specific location where a given language is spoken);
• Time zone, session start/stop time,
• Network status (WiFi, etc.), browser plug-in types and versions;
•SDK version, timestamp
• Technical device information (e.g. device model and name, operating system
name and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware,
software, mobile phone carrier, Internet service provider, API key identifier
for application, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) on Android,
Android ID, Android Serial No);
Third Party Advertisements
<![if !supportLineBreakNewLine]>
<![endif]>
We may use third-party advertising companies to
serve ads on the Service. We do not provide any personal information to
third-party advertising companies on a non-aggregate basis. Our system and the
third-party advertising technology may use aggregate information, non-personal
information, Coding Squares cookies on your hard drive and your use of the
Service to target advertisements. In addition, advertisers may use other
third-party advertising technology to target advertising on other sites. If
advertisements are served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be
placed on your computer and device. Similarly, third-party advertising
companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or
“beacons”) to help manage and optimize online advertising. Beacons enable us to
recognize a browser cookie when a browser visits the site on which is beacon is
located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
Below are provider names of some of the third party analytics and advertising
services we use.
Please see the links below to learn more about the
privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
•
Admob:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
• Google Analytics:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
/
• Firebase:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
/
• ConsoliAds:
http://www.consoliads.com/privacy-policy
/
• Facebook
Audience Network
:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Rights
:
We take reasonable steps to help protect your information in an effort to
prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and
destruction. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal
information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage
is 100% secure and we do not guarantee its absolute security.
Protection of Information
We are dedicated to protecting your information. We have adopted commercially
rational technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect
your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration. Please
note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Privacy Protections for Children
:
Website and
Mobile
Applications by
AppBotics
Lab
are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store
contact information about children under the age of 13. We may ask for your
full date of birth date to ensure that we are not collecting information from
children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken
when information has been collected from children under 18. In those instances
where
AppBotics
Lab
Service has actual knowledge that it collects
information from children or offers a service directed toward children as
defined under applicable laws, it will comply with those laws.
Consent
:
By retrieving and/or using the Service, you agree to the terms and conditions
set forth in this Privacy Policy, including to the possible gathering and
processing of your Private Information (as defined below). Please note: if you
disagree to any term provided herein, you may not access or use the Service.
Transfer of Information Overseas
:
You expressly agree that we may transfer and store your information on servers
and equipment located in any territory, including, without limitation,
Australia
and Singapore
etc.
Security
:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to
prevent any misuse, theft, loss, alteration, destruction, unauthorized access
or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
:
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and
service offerings. If we amend our Privacy Policy, we will update the last
amended date and such changes will be effective upon posting, so please
re-visit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make
rational efforts to post a clear notice on the Service.
Deletion of Information
Information when not needed will be deleted by us and we will also make sure
that information when not required is deleted by our 3rd Party Partners. If you
wish to delete your information you can send us request to delete your
information. We will need some additional information from you to delete your
information. Send us your queries regarding deletion of your information at appbotics.lab@gmail.com
Questions
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us and we
will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time on
the following address at appbotics.lab@gmail.com
Policy Last Updated:
November
202
1