Privacy Policy
Blood Pressure Diary
Privacy Policy
If you choose to use our mobile application Blood Pressure Diary, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information.
Information collection and use
The Blood Pressure Diary uses third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers:
Firebase Analytics
AdMob
Google Play Services
Children's privacy
We do not collect information from children under 13. We don"t let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins, collect PII from children under 13.
Log data
We want to inform you that whenever you use Blood Pressure Diary, in a case of an error we collect some data and information (through third party products) from your device. This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our service, the time and date of your use of the service, and other statistics.
Cookies
We do not use cookies. However, Blood Pressure Diary may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" on their websites to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device.
Service providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our service;
To provide the service on our behalf;
To perform service-related services;
To assist us in analyzing how our service is used.
We want to inform users of Blood Pressure Diary that these third parties have no access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We never ask for personal or private information like names, email addresses, or credit card numbers.
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to other mobile applocations and sites
Blood Pressure Diary may contain links to other mobile aplications and web sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that application or site. Note that these external services are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these services. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may
Please enable JavaScript to see the email address (
How-to
).
.