Droid-Developer
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Droid-Developer
Privacy Policy
Droid-Developer may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics and Umeng ("Third party tracking tools"). Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. The data we collect can include SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent deice identifier, iOS ad identifier (IDFA), Android ad master identifier, network card (MAC) address, and international mobile device identification code (IMEI) The equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the session start / stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (WiFi and so on), the hard disk, the CPU, and the battery use, etc.
2. USE OF PERSONAL DATA
Product Improvement. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities.
3. SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA
To improve our product and provide you better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.
4. LEGAL BASIS FOR DATA PROCESSING
We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Sites); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and based on consent by our customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes).
5. International Transfers of Personal Data
Our business may require us to transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including to countries such as the People’s Republic of China or Singapore. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your Personal Data are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement measures such as standard contractual clauses. A copy of those clauses can be obtained by contacting our Help Center.
6. Why we need these in-app permissions?
android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
Some of our phone call apps may use this permission to read your contacts information when you request. We do not collect or transfer this information.
android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS
Some of our phone call apps may use this permission to edit your contacts information when you request. We do not collect or transfer this information.
android.permission.READ_CALL_LOG
Some of our phone call apps may use this permission to display your call log. We do not collect or transfer this information.
android.permission.CALL_PHONE
Some of our phone call apps may use this permission to make phone call when you request.
android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW
Some of our app may use this permission to show lock screen (lock screen apps) or draw views (crack screen, bomb crack apps) on your phone screen.
android.permission.CAMERA
Some of our app may use this permission to take photo or show live camera photo on your screen when you request.
android.permission.FLASHLIGHT
Some of our app may use this permission to turn on flashlight when you request.
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO
Some of our app may use this permission to record audio sound when you request. We do not collect or transfer this information.
android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
Our app may use this permission to get your IMEI as your device ID, so we can provide better service for you.
android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
Some of our phone call apps may use these permissions to know your location so we can provide specific service for you base on your location. We do not collect or transfer this information.
7. Your Rights
Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data.
Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Requests should be submitted by contacting us through [
droiddeveloper4us@gmail.com
].
If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your Personal Data infringes applicable law.
We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.
8. About sensitive permission READ_PHONE_STATE
We use this permission to verify the user/phone with IMEI information but we will not store it. This information is using for analysis and provide you better service.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse