Navy Federal Online Privacy Policy | Navy Federal Credit Union
Skip to Main Content
Navy Federal Credit Union
| Navy Federal Credit Union | Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Air Force, Space Force, Coast Guard, Veterans
Sign In
Sign Out
Please enter a search term
Checking & Savings
Checking & Debit Card
Savings Accounts
Certificates
Money Market Accounts
Retirement Savings
Education Savings
Prepaid and Gift Cards
Navy Federal Investment Services
Investments
Direct Deposit
Send funds directly to your account to ensure seamless deposits while you're deployed or traveling.
The Ultimate Certificate Strategy
Laddering your certificates is an excellent way to ensure you earn the best rates possible.
Loans & Credit Cards
Credit Cards
Auto Loans
Mortgages
Personal Loans
Student Loans
Home Equity Loans
Motorcycle, Boat & Leisure Vehicles
Why Get a Mortgage Preapproval?
A preapproval shows sellers you're a serious buyer and gives you a competitive advantage.
Get Preapproved for an Auto Loan
With an auto loan preapproval, you could negotiate a better sales price with the dealer.
Services
Security
Mobile and Online Banking
Branches & ATMs
Business Solutions
Transfers
Ways to Bank with Us
Navy Federal Investment Services
Investments & Life Insurance
What You Need to Know About Getting a Loan or Expanding Your Business
Looking to grow your company or want input on the best business credit card options? We have the answers you need.
Send Money Easily with Zelle®
It's easy, fast and secure to send and receive money with your friends and family using Zelle.
Financial Wellness
MakingCents
Savings & Budgeting
Credit & Debt
Investing
Military Life
Homeownership
Auto
Business
Tools & Calculators
Privacy & Security
Personal Finance Counseling
Personalized Financial Guidance
MakingCents—Upgraded Look, Even More Financial Resources
Reach your financial goals with smart money strategies from our financial education hub.
Take Control of Your Credit Score
Use our free Mission: Credit Confidence™ Dashboard to monitor, manage, and control your credit score—all in one convenient place.
Membership
Become a Member
Welcome to Navy Federal
Offers & Discounts
About Us
Contact Us
Am I Eligible?
Our field of membership is open to the armed forces, the DoD, veterans and their families.
Servicemember Specials
Take advantage of our military exclusives, offering low rates, special offers and discounts for those who have served.
Sign In
Sign Out
Branches & ATMs
Routing Number:
256074974
To continue enjoying all the features of Navy Federal Online, please use a compatible browser.
				You can confirm your browser capability
here
.
For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable
						JavaScript. Here are the
instructions for how to enable JavaScript in your web browser
.
Navy Federal Privacy Protections and Notices
Navy Federal Online Privacy Policy
Date Last Updated
: June 29, 2023
Effective Date
: June 29, 2023
Introduction and Intention
Navy Federal Credit Union, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Navy Federal”, “we”, “us” or “our”), strives to serve your needs and to protect your identity and any information we collect about you.
Our Online Privacy Policy:
covers your interaction with Navy Federal Credit Union, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and companies engaged by Navy Federal and its subsidiaries and affiliates to render services (“Service Providers”) when you use any mobile application or visit any website that we own, or visit other sites where we have indicated our policy expressly applies, including, but not limited to, our website (navyfederal.org) and our mobile apps (collectively, “Sites”);
describes the categories of personal information that we may collect about you when you interact with or visit our Sites;
discloses whether other parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Sites;
discloses if we engage in the collection of your personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites;
states how we may use information that we collect;
describes the categories of other persons or entities with whom we may share your personal information;
describes the way you can review and request changes to certain personal information that we collect;
discloses how we may respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other opt-out mechanisms;
states that we do not knowingly collect personal information of children under the age of 13 without the consent of their parent or legal guardian;
links to a California-specific description of consumers’ privacy rights; and
describes how we will inform you of important changes to our Privacy Policy.
What Information Do We Collect?
We take your privacy seriously and make the safeguarding of your personal information a priority. Learn more on our
Digital Security page
. We collect personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you seek, apply for, or obtain a financial product or service with us, we will use and share that information we collect from or about you in accordance with our
Consumer Privacy Policy
.
We may also collect personal information when you use our Sites, products, and services. Personal information that we collect may include your name or other online identifier, home or other physical address, telephone number, email address, IP address, website interactions, geolocation, device identifier, keystrokes, the contents of your communications with us, and information from a consumer report about you.
Additionally, use of the internet makes it possible for us or other parties to collect data about your online activities over time and across different websites, including when you use our Sites. In that regard, we use tracking technology on our Sites that collects analytics, records how you interact with our Sites, or allows us to participate in behavior-based targeted advertising.
How Do We Use Information That We Collect?
We may use your personal information to provide and improve our products and services; to process transactions and payments; to conduct analytics and research; to enhance your experience on our Sites; to help deliver our ads on your web browser; to measure advertising campaign effectiveness; to respond to your requests and communications; to manage your preferences; as required to meet legal and regulatory obligations; and for any other purposes that we may specifically disclose at the time we collect or you provide your information. We do not sell your personal information.
In some circumstances, we may anonymize or deidentify your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. To the extent we maintain and use personal information in an anonymized or deidentified form, we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except for the purpose of determining whether our anonymization/deidentification processes satisfy our legal obligations.
With Whom Do We Share the Information We Collect?
We may share the information we collect from you in the following circumstances:
Affiliates and Acquisitions:
We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., subsidiaries or other companies under common control) to deliver our products and services to you and for other everyday business purposes in accordance with the practices set forth in our
Consumer Privacy Policy
. If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or assets, we will also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage.
Service Providers:
We may share your information with Service Providers. Among other things, Service Providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of services.
Legal Obligations:
We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third-party intermediary.
Other Third Parties With Your Consent:
We may disclose your information to other third parties when we have your consent or direction to do so. For example, you may authorize some third-party companies to access your information to provide financial products and services such as: account aggregation (consolidating your financial account information from different sources), making payments via a website or mobile application, and tax preparation. We recommend you use caution when granting such access and ensure that these third parties have appropriate policies and practices in place to secure your information. Navy Federal is not responsible for the use or disclosure of any information accessed by or on behalf of any third party or person to whom you provide your Navy Federal sign in credentials or account information. Any use of your information is governed by the privacy policy and any terms of use with that third party. Navy Federal does not control the privacy, security, or accuracy of your information that may be held by these third parties, and our privacy, security, and other terms will not apply to any third-party services. You may revoke access you previously granted to a third party through Navy Federal’s Security Center on our mobile application or, for certain third parties, by changing your Navy Federal password. For security and other reasons, Navy Federal may block or disable third-party access to any account without notice.
Additional information on our banking terms and conditions can be found in our
Mobile Banking, Online Banking, and Bill Pay Terms and Conditions
.
Keeping Your Information Accurate
It is important that we have accurate and up-to-date information about you. If you notice that your information is incomplete, inaccurate, or out of date, you can update your information through our mobile or online service or by contacting us at 1-888-842-6328. You may also write to us at Navy Federal Credit Union, PO Box 3002, Merrifield, VA 22116-9887.
How You Can Control Your Information
Our Sites are designed for optimal viewing with cookies enabled (cookies are small text files that collect internet traffic data). For example, cookies store your preferences for when you visit our Sites. If your web browser settings allow cookies, our Sites will utilize them. You may disable or remove cookies by accessing your web browser settings. Our Sites will still function without cookies, but some features may not work properly. Please note that due to a lack of consistent standards across browsers, our Sites may not respond to “do not track” browser settings.
We only use your personal information for certain purposes allowed by law (refer to our
Consumer Privacy Policy
), which you cannot limit.
You may, however, be able to opt out of certain advertisements. To learn more about a particular advertising network (including how to opt out), click on the industry group network symbol or link located on the advertisement.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13 without obtaining consent from a parent or legal guardian.
Linking to Third-Party Websites
Navy Federal may provide links to websites that are owned or operated by other companies ("third-party websites"). When you use a link online to visit a third-party website, you will be subject to that website’s privacy and security practices, which may differ from ours. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy, terms of use, and security practices of the linked third-party website before providing any information on that website.
Notice for California Residents
If you are a California resident, please refer to our
California Consumer Privacy Notice
for additional information about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018.
Policy Updates
We may change our policy from time to time. When we do, we will let you know by appropriate means, such as by posting the revised policy on this page with a new “Last Updated” date. Any changes to our policy will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise.
Navy Federal Information
Mission Statement
Since 1933, Navy Federal Credit Union has grown from 7 members to over 12 million members. And, since that time, our vision statement has remained focused on serving our unique field of membership:
"Be the most preferred and trusted financial institution serving the military and their families."
About Navy Federal
About Us
Careers
Newsroom
Navy Federal Events
Become a Member
Member Support
Contact Us
Branches & ATMs
Current Rates
FAQs
Security Center
Forms & Brochures
More Services
MakingCents Financial Learning
Navy Federal Investment Services
Business Solutions
Mobile Banking
24/7 Member Services:
1-888-842-6328
Routing Number:
256074974
Navy Federal on Facebook
Navy Federal on Twitter
Navy Federal on YouTube
Navy Federal on Instagram
Navy Federal on LinkedIn
Policy & Disclaimers
Navy Federal Credit Union
Privacy
Security
Accessibility
Browser Support
Site Map
© 2023 Navy Federal Credit Union.
All rights reserved
Navy Federal Credit Union is federally insured by NCUA
Equal Housing Lender
Equal Opportunity Employer
Navy Federal conducts all member business in English. All origination, servicing, collections, and marketing materials are provided in English only. As a service to members, we will attempt to assist members who have limited English proficiency where possible. Military images are used for representational purposes only; do not imply government endorsement. Terms and conditions are applied to gift cards.
APY = Annual Percentage Yield, APR = Annual Percentage Rate
+Rates are based on an evaluation of credit history, so your rate may differ.
*Message and data rates may apply.
Terms and Conditions
are available.
♦Terms and conditions are applied to gift cards.
Navy Federal
You are leaving a Navy Federal domain to go to:
Cancel
Proceed
to You are leaving a Navy Federal domain to go to:
Navy Federal does not provide, and is not responsible for, the product, service, overall website content, security, or privacy policies on any external third-party sites. The Navy Federal Credit Union privacy and security policies do not apply to the linked site. Please consult the site's policies for further information.