Terms and Conditions | FreeCharge
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on 28th Nov, 2022
This privacy policy is an electronic record in the form of an electronic contract formed under the information technology act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic documents / records in various statutes as amended by the information technology act, 2000. This privacy policy does not require any physical, electronic or digital signature.
This privacy policy is a legally binding document between you and freecharge (both terms defined below). The terms of this privacy policy will be effective upon your registration on the website (as defined below) and will govern the relationship between you and freecharge for your use of the website. This document is published and shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the information technology (reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data or information) rules, 2011 under the information technology act, 2000; that require publishing of the privacy policy for collection, use, storage and transfer of personal information including sensitive personal information.
Please read this privacy policy carefully. By registering an account on the website and agreeing to the privacy policy by checking the privacy policy tickbox, you indicate that you understand, agree and consent to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not accept the privacy policy and/or use this website. You hereby provide your unconditional consent or agreements to freecharge as provided under the information technology act, 2000 and the rules and regulations made under therein.
By providing Us Your Information or by making use of the services provided by the Website, You hereby consent to the collection, storage, processing, disclosure and/or transfer of any or all of Your Personal Information (as defined below), Sensitive Personal Information (as defined below) and Non-Personal Information (as defined below) by Freecharge, as specified under this Privacy Policy. You further agree that such collection, use, storage, disclosure and/or transfer of Your Information shall not cause any loss or wrongful gain to You or any other person.
Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited and any other person, directly or indirectly, controlled by, controlling, or under common control with, Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited, (
"Freecharge"
) is/are concerned about the privacy of the data and information of users (including merchants and buyers/customers whether registered or non-registered) accessing, offering, selling or purchasing products or services on the websites, mobile sites or mobile applications of a Freecharge (
"Website"
) and otherwise doing business with a Freecharge.
The terms
“We” / “Us” / “Our”
individually and collectively refer to each entity being part of the definition 
                               of Freecharge and the terms
“You” / “Your” / “Yourself”
refer to the users.
This Privacy Policy is a contract between You and the respective Freecharge whose Website You use or
                                access or You otherwise deal with. This Privacy Policy shall be read together with the respective terms of 
                                use or other terms and conditions of the respective Freecharge and its respective Website or nature of
                                business of the Website.
The Freecharge has provided this Privacy Policy to familiarize You with:
The type of data or information that You share with or provide to any Freecharge, and
                                            that any Freecharge collects from You;
The purpose for collection and usage of such data or information from You;
The information security practices and policies of Freecharge; and
The policy of Freecharge on disclosing, sharing or transferring Your data or information
                                            with/to third parties.
Amendment of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended / updated from time to time. We will notify You of any
                                    amendment of, or update to, the Privacy Policy, as is required under applicable laws.
Information collected and storage of Information
The information or data provided by You to a Freecharge or collected from You by the Freecharge
                                        may consist of
“Personal Information”, “Sensitive Personal Information” and “Non-Personal
                                        Information”
.
Personal Information
Personal Information is information or data collected that can be used to identify You.
                                            Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy shall include, but not be
                                            limited to:
(i) Your name, parent’s name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or other
                                            contact information;
(ii) Your date of birth;
(iii) Your gender, marital status;
(iv) Your occupation;
(v) Your internet protocol address;
(vi) identification code of the communication device which You use to access the
                                            Website or otherwise deal with any Freecharge;
(vii) any other information provided by You during Your registration process on the
                                            Website (other than Sensitive Personal Information);
(viii) information provided by You towards complying with know your customer
                                            norms, either as part of Our internal policies and as may be required under
                                            applicable laws;
(ix) information relating to query all packages installed on your device. The information collected  through  this 
                                             process,  including  information  about  the  other  apps  installed  on your   device,   will   be   used   to
                                            detect   fraudulent   activities   and   determine   your creditworthiness. This information will be used to 
                                            educate an algorithm that calculates your  credit  score  and  enables  us  to  offer  you  digital  banking,
                                            cashbacks,  and  financial products such as loans.
(x) details that you have given permission to upload, sync or import (such as phone
                                            status & identity, contacts, calender, camera, microphone or short messaging
                                            system) any information set out in this Clause pertaining to third parties that is
                                            provided to Us, during Your use of the Website ; or
Such Personal Information may be collected in various ways including during the course
                                            of You:
(i) registering as a user on the Website;
(ii) registering as a merchant on the Website;
(iii) availing certain services offered on the Website. Such instances include but are
                                                not limited to making or participating in any online survey or contest,
                                                communicating with the customer service of any Freecharge by phone, email or
                                                otherwise or posting user reviews on the services / items available on the
                                                Website;
(iv) otherwise doing business, transacting or attempting to transact on the Website;
                                                or
(v) otherwise dealing with any of Freecharge.
We may receive Personal Information about You from third parties, such as social media
                                            services, commercially available sources and partners. If You access the Website through
                                            a social media service or connect a service on the Website to a social media service, the
                                            Information We collect may include Your user name associated with that social media
                                            service, any information or content the social media service has the right to share with
                                            us, such as Your profile picture, email address or friends list, and any information You
                                            have made public in connection with that social media service. When You access the
                                            Website or otherwise deal with any Freecharge through social media services or when
                                            You connect any Website to social media services, You are authorizing Freecharge to
                                            collect, store, use and retain such information and content in accordance with this Privacy
                                            Policy.
Sensitive Personal Information
Sensitive Personal Information is information collected that consists of information
                                                relating to:
(i) passwords,
(ii) financial information such as bank account or Credit Card or Debit Card, or other
                                                    linked payment instrument details,
(iii) physical, physiological and mental health condition,
(iv) sexual orientation,
(v) medical records and history,
(vi) biometric information,
(vii) any detail relating to the above points as provided by You,
(viii) any of the information received under the above points by Freecharge Entites for
                                                processing, stored or processed under lawful contract otherwise
Provided any such Sensitive Personal Information that is freely available or
                                                accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005
                                                or any other law for the time being in force shall not be regarded as Sensitive
                                                Personal Information and be regarded as Personal Information.
Such Sensitive Personal Information may be collected in various ways including during the course
                                                of You:
i) registering as a user on the Website;
ii) registering as a merchant on the Website;
iii) availing certain services offered on the Website;
iv) otherwise doing business, transacting or attempting to transact on the Website;
                                                or
v) otherwise dealing with any of Freecharge.
Non-Personal Information
Freecharge may also collect information other than Personal Information or Sensitive
                                            Personal Information from You through the Website when You visit and / or use the
                                            Website. Such information may be stored in server logs. This Non-Personal Information
                                            would not assist Freecharge to identify You personally.
This Non-Personal Information may include:
(i) Your geographic location;
(ii) details of Your telecom service provider or internet service provider;
(iii) the type of browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Google Chrome etc.);
(iv) the operating system of Your system, device and the Website You last visited
                                                before visiting the Website; or
(v) clickstream data relating to Your activity on the Website, including but not limited
                                                to the duration of Your stay on the Website, date and time of Your access of the
                                                Website.
Non-Personal Information is collected through various ways such through as the use of
                                            cookies. Freecharge may store temporary or permanent ‘cookies’ on Your computer. You 
                                            can erase or choose to block these cookies from Your computer. You can configure Your
                                            computer’s browser to alert You when We attempt to send You a cookie with an option
                                            to accept or refuse the cookie. If You have turned cookies off, You may be prevented from
                                            using certain features of the Website;
Advertisements:
Freecharge may use Third Party Service Providers to serve
                                            advertisements on behalf of Freecharge across the internet and sometimes on the
                                            Website. They may collect Non-Personal Information about Your visits to the Website,
                                            and Your interaction with Our products and services on the Website.
Please do note that Personal Information, Sensitive Personal Information and Non-Personal
                                        Information may be treated differently as per this Privacy Policy
Representations and Warranties
You hereby represent to Freecharge that, at all times during Your registration with Us:
the information You provide to Freecharge is and shall be authentic, correct, current and
                                                updated, and that You have all the rights, permissions and consents as may be required
                                                to provide such information (including Information pertaining to any third parties) to the
                                                Freecharge; and
Your providing the information to Freecharge and the consequent storage, collection,
                                                usage, transfer, access or processing of the same by Freecharge shall not be in violation
                                                of any third party agreement, laws, charter documents, judgments, orders and decrees.
The officers, directors, contractors or agents of Freecharge shall not be responsible for the
                                        authenticity of the information that You or any other user provide to any of Freecharge.
Purpose of collecting, using, storing and processing Your Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                    Information/Sensitive Personal Information
Freecharge reserves the right to collect, use, store, process and disclose Your Personal
                                        Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information for any purpose
                                        that may be permissible based on the consent obtained from You. Freecharge uses
                                        Personal Information/Non-Perosnal Information/Sensitive Personal Information that is
                                        collected for lawful purposes associated with the functions and activities of Freecharge,
                                        while also respecting your privacy. Such purposes (“Purposes”) include but are not limited
                                        to:
(i) facilitating Your use of the Website or other services of Freecharge;
(ii) responding to Your inquiries or fulfilling Your requests for information about the
                                        various products and services offered on the Website;
(iii) providing You with information about products and services available on the
                                        Website and sending You information, materials, and offers about products and
                                        services of Freecharge;
(iv) sending You important information regarding the Website, changes in terms and
                                        conditions, user agreements, and policies and/or other administrative
                                        information;
(v) sending You surveys and marketing communications that Freecharge believe may
                                        be of interest to You;
(vi) personalizing Your experience on the Website by presenting advertisements,
                                        products and offers tailored to Your preferences;
(vii) helping You address Your problems incurred on the Website including addressing
                                        any technical problems;
(viii) if You purchase any product or avail any service from the Website, completing
                                        and fulfilling Your purchase. For example, having Your payments processed,
                                        communicating with You regarding Your purchase, and providing You with related
                                        customer service;
(ix) properly administering the Website;
(x) conducting internal reviews and data analysis for the Website (e.g., to determine
                                        the number of visitors to specific pages within the Website);
(xi) improving the services, content and advertising on the Website;
(xii) facilitating various programmes and initiatives launched by Freecharge by itself
                                        or through a collaboration with Third Party Service Providers or Banks;
(xiii) analyzing how Our services are used, to measure the effectiveness of
                                        advertisements, to facilitate payments;
(xiv) conducting academic research and surveys;
(xv) protecting the integrity of the Website;
(xvi) responding to legal, judicial, quasi-judicial process and providing information on
                                        law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters
                                        related to public safety, as permitted by law;
(xvii) conducting analytical studies on various aspects including user behaviour, user
                                        preferences etc.;
(xviii) permitting third parties who may need to contact users who have bought
                                        products from the Website to facilitate installation, service and any other product
                                        related support;
(xix) implementing information security practices;
(xx) determining any security breaches, computer contaminant or computer virus;
(xxi) investigating, preventing, or taking action regarding illegal activities and
                                        suspected fraud;
(xxii) undertaking forensics of the concerned computer resource as a part of investigation or internal audit;
(xxiii) tracing computer resources or any person who may have contravened, or is
                                        suspected of having or being likely to contravene, any provision of law including
                                        the Information Technology Act, 2000 that is likely to have an adverse impact on
                                        the services provided on any Website or by Freecharge ;
(xxiv) enabling a potential buyer or investor to evaluate the business of Freecharge; or
(xxv) sharing, disclosing or transfer of such data in the event of any merger, acquisition,
                                        reorganization or sale of assets or business of Freecharge to a third party or in the
                                        event of bankruptcy of Freecharge.
You hereby agree and acknowledge that the Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                    Information/Sensitive Personal Information so collected is for a lawful purpose, connected with a
                                    function or activity of Freecharge or any person on their respective behalf, and the collection of
                                    Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information is necessary for
                                    the Purposes.
Storage and Processing of Your Peronsal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive
                                    Personal Information
Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information will
                                            primarily be stored in electronic form. However, certain data may also be stored in
                                            physical form.
We may store, collect, process and use Your data in countries other than the Republic of
                                            India to the extent permissible under applicable laws.
We may enter into agreements with third parties (in or outside of India) to store or
                                            process Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information. These third parties may have their own security standards to safeguard Your
                                            Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information and We
                                            will, on commercially reasonable basis, require such third parties to adopt reasonable
                                            security standards to safeguard Your I Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information, as per the requirements of applicable laws.
Sharing and disclosure of Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Senstive
                                            Personal Information You hereby unconditionally agree and permit that Freecharge may
                                            transfer, share, disclose or part with all or any of Your Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information, within and outside of the Republic of India
                                            to Freecharge, Third Party Service Providers / Partners / Banks and Financial Institutions
                                            for one or more of the Purposes, government agencies upon directions of such agency,
                                            or to any other third party as may be required under applicable law. In case of any
                                            Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information so transferred, shared, disclosed or 
                                            parted with, We will contractually oblige the receiving parties of the information to
                                            ensure the same level of data protection adopted by Freecharge is adhered to by the
                                            receiving party.
You acknowledge and agree that, to the extent permissible under applicable laws, it is
                                            adequate that when Freecharge transfer Your information to any other entity within or
                                            outside Your country of residence, Freecharge will place contractual obligations on the
                                            transferee which will oblige the transferee to adhere to the provisions of this Privacy
                                            Policy.
Freecharge may transfer/disclose/share Non-Personal Information to third parties who
                                            support Our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analysing how
                                            Our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of advertisements, providing
                                            customer / buyer services, facilitating payments, or conducting academic research and
                                            surveys. Such transferees shall adhere to confidentiality obligations consistent with this
                                            Privacy Policy.
Notwithstanding the above, We use other third parties such as a credit/debit card
                                            processing companies, payment gateways, pre-paid cards etc. to enable You to make
                                            payments for buying products or availing services on the Website. When You sign up for
                                            these services, You may have the ability to save Your card details for future reference and
                                            faster future payments. In such case, We may share or disclose Your relevant Personal
                                            Information/ as necessary for the third parties to provide such services, including Your
                                            name, residence and email address. The processing of payments or authorization is solely
                                            in accordance with these third parties’ policies, terms and conditions and We are not in
                                            any manner responsible or liable to You or any third party for any delay or failure at their
                                            end in processing the payments.
Freecharge may also share Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information with
                                            such third parties to whom Freecharge believes it is necessary to do so in order to
                                            investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations
                                            involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of various terms
                                            and conditions or Our policies.
We reserve the right to disclose Your Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                                Information/Sensitive Personal Information when required to do so by law or regulation,
                                                or under any legal obligation or order under law or in response to a request from a law
                                                enforcement or governmental agency or judicial, quasi-judicial or any other statutory or
                                                constitutional authority or to establish or exercise Our legal rights or defend against legal
                                                claims.
You further agree that such disclosure, sharing and transfer of Your Personal
                                                Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information shall not cause
                                                any wrongful loss to You or to any third party, or any wrongful gain to Us or to any third
                                                party.
Links to third party websites
Links to third-party advertisements, third-party websites or any third party electronic
                                            communication service may be provided on the Website which are operated by third
                                            parties and are not controlled by, or affiliated to, or associated with, Freecharge unless
                                            expressly specified on the Website.
Freecharge are not responsible for any form of transmission, whatsoever, received by You
                                            from any third party website. Accordingly, Freecharge does not make any representations
                                            concerning the privacy practices or policies of such third parties or terms of use of such
                                            third party websites, nor does Freecharge control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or
                                            quality of the information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics,
                                            videos, messages or other materials available on such third party websites. The inclusion
                                            or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by Freecharge of the third party websites,
                                            the website's provider, or the information on the third party website. The information
                                            provided by You to such third party websites shall be governed in accordance with the
                                            privacy policies of such third party websites, and it is recommended that You review the
                                            privacy policy of such third party websites prior to using such websites.
Security & Retention
The security of Your Personal Information/Senstive Personal Information is important to
                                            us. Freecharge strive to ensure the security of Your Personal Information/Sensitive
                                            Personal Information and to protect Your Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information against unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or
                                            destruction. For this purpose, Freecharge adopts internal reviews of the data collection,
                                            storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption
                                            and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where
                                            Freecharge stores Your Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information. Freecharge
                                            shall adopt reasonable security practices and procedures as mandated under applicable
                                            laws for the protection of Your Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information.
                                            Provided that, Your right to claim damages shall be limited to the right to claim only
                                            statutory damages under Information Technology Act, 2000, and You hereby waive and
                                            release all Freecharge from any claim of damages under contract or under tort, to the
                                            extent permissible under applicable laws.
If You choose a payment gateway to complete any transaction on the Website, then Your
                                            credit card/debit card data may be stored in compliance with industry standards/
                                            recommended data security standards for security of financial information such as the
                                            Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.
Freecharge may share Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information with third
                                            parties under a confidentiality agreement which
inter alia
provides that such third parties
                                            shall not disclose the Personal Information/Non-Personal Information further unless such
                                            disclosure is for the Purpose. However, Freecharge is not responsible for any breach of
                                            security or for any actions of any third parties that receive Your Personal
                                            Information/Non-Personal Information. Freecharge is not liable for any loss or injury
                                            caused to You as a result of You providing Your Personal Information/Non-Personal 
                                            Information to any third party (including any third party websites, even if links to such
                                            third party websites are provided on the Website).
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy or elsewhere, to the extent permissible
                                            under applicable laws, Freecharge shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or
                                            misuse of Your Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Senstive Personal
                                            Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event
(as defined below)
.
A
Force Majeure
Event shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of
                                            Freecharge and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of
                                            God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts
                                            of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer, computer system
                                            or computer network, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption (provided
                                            beyond reasonable control of Freecharge), power or electricity failure or unavailability of
                                            adequate power or electricity.
While We will endeavor to take all reasonable and appropriate steps to keep secure any
                                            Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information which
                                            We hold about You and prevent unauthorized access, You acknowledge that the internet
                                            or computer networks are not fully secure and that We cannot provide any absolute
                                            assurance regarding the security of Your Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information.
You agree that all Sensitive Personal Information shall be retained till such time required
                                            for the Purpose or required under applicable law, whichever is later. Personal
                                            Information/Non-Personal Information will be retained indefinitely.
Deletion of freecharge account (Only for IOS users)
On receipt of account deletion request, FREECHARGE will delete your data and  immediately stop collecting, storing, and using your personal information and other  data, except as otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations or industry  standards. For example, FREECHARGE will retain your transaction related details  and corresponding
                                             data for compliance purposes as per RBI, PMLA and PPI Act &  Guidelines respectively, for up-to Ten (10) years.
Legal Consequences of Account Deletion
Once the account is deleted, all related contractual relationships between you and  FREECHARGE are terminated.
                                                     The consequences of account deletion include but  are not limited to the following:
You will not be able to use/access this account to log in (signing in) to the  FREECHARGE website, app, with your previous login credentials.
You will not be able to perform any operations that require the account  access.
You will not be able to retrieve the personal information, transaction records,  business data, and historical information under the account.
You will not be able to use FREECHARGE services.
If you wish to create an account with the same mobile number and/or email  id, through which you had raised your account deletion request. In such case,  Freecharge shall consider and register you on its platform as new customer.
Not with standing contrary to the above, the deletion of your account does not mean  that all your account operations and responsibilities before your account deletion are  exempted or mitigated.
Indemnity
You shall indemnify and hold harmless Freecharge, its officers, directors, contractors or agents
                                        and any third parties relying on the Information provided by You for any losses, including all
                                        claims, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, assessments, interest, awards, settlements, penalties,
                                        fines, costs or expenses, suffered, incurred, sustained by, or imposed on Freecharge, as a result
                                        of, arising out of, with respect to, in connection with or by reason of a breach or non-performance
                                        of any of the terms, conditions, representations, warranties or covenants contained in this Privacy
                                        Policy by You.
User discretion and opt out
You agree and acknowledge that You are providing Your Personal Information/NonPersonal Information/Sensitive Personal Information out of Your own free will. You have
                                            an option not to provide or permit Freecharge to collect Your Personal Information/NonPersonal Information/Sensitive Personal Information or later on withdraw Your consent
                                            with respect to such Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information so provided herein, in writing, by sending an email to the grievance officer,
                                            details of whom are set out in clause 14 of this Privacy Policy, or to such other electronic
                                            address of the respective Freecharge as may be notified to You. In such case, You should
                                            neither visit the Website nor use any services provided by Freecharge nor shall contact 
                                            Freecharge. Further, Freecharge may not deliver products to You, upon Your order, or
                                            Freecharge may deny You access from using certain services offered on the Website.
You can review, add or update Your Personal Information/Senstive Personal Infomration
                                            on a regular basis. Any Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information found to be
                                            inaccurate or deficient, can be amended or corrected by You, as feasible. However, We
                                            will not be responsible for the authenticity of the Personal Information/Senstive Personal
                                            Information provided by You to Us or to any other entity acting on behalf of Us. Kindly
                                            note that Freecharge shall retain Your previous Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information in its records, as required under applicable law.
Grievance Officer
If You find any discrepancies or have any grievances in relation to the collection, storage,
                                            use, disclosure and transfer of Your Personal Information/Sensitive Personal Information
                                            under this Privacy Policy or any terms of the terms of use of Freecharge, and other terms
                                            and conditions or policies of any Freecharge, please contact the following personnel:
Mr. Mandeep Singh, the designated grievance officer under Information Technology Act,
                                        2000
E-mail:
grievanceofficer@freecharge.com
Working Days: Monday to Friday
Working Hours: 9:30 am to 6:30 pm
We will strive to address Your feedback and concerns in a timely and effective manner.
                                            The details of the grievance officer may be changed by Us from time to time by updating
                                            this Privacy Policy.
Business / Assets Sale or Transfers
In the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or business of Freecharge to
                                    a third party or in the event of bankruptcy of Freecharge, Freecharge may transfer or otherwise
                                    share some or all of its assets, including Your Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                    Information/Sensitive Personal Information to such third party. Should such a sale or transfer
                                    occur, Freecharge will reasonably ensure that the Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                    Information/Sensitive Personal Information You have provided and which We have collected is
                                    stored and used by the transferee in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and with
                                    applicable laws. Any third party to which Freecharge transfer or sell as aforesaid will have the
                                    right to continue to use the Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                    Information that You provide to Us or collected by Us immediately prior to such transfer or sale
                                    for the Purposes.
Further Acknowledgements
You hereby acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy:
is clear and easily accessible and provide statements of policies and practices Freecharge
                                            with respect to Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive Personal
                                            Information ;
provides for the various types of Personal Information/Non-Personal
                                            Information/Sensitive Personal Information to be collected;
provides for the purposes of collection and usage of the Personal Information/NonPersonal Information/Sensitive Personal Information;
provides for disclosure of Personal Information/Non-Personal Information/Sensitive
                                            Personal Information; and
provides for reasonable security practices and procedures as per the applicable laws,
                                            rules and regulations for the time being in force.
Definitions
“Third Party Service Providers”
or
“Partners”
shall mean any third party entity with which
                                            any of Freecharge has a contractual arrangement for providing any kind of services to the
                                            respective Freecharge; and
“Banks”
shall mean various banks, financial institutions, payment system providers who are
                                            licensed by the Reserve Bank of India and with whom any of the Freecharge has entered into
                                            an agreement.
Terms of Use of Freecharge
Last Updated on 18th May, 2021
These Terms of Use, read with the Privacy Policy, are an electronic record under the Information Technology Act, 2000, and the rules made thereunder and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records under various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000 and is enforceable against You (as defined hereinafter) under law by way of Your acceptance hereof. This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and user agreement for access or usage of domain name www.freecharge.com (
“Website”
), including the related mobile site, domains, and mobile application (hereinafter collectively referred to as
“Platform”
).
Your use of the Platform and services provided through the Platform      (
“Services”
) are governed by the following terms and conditions (
"Terms of Use"
) including any terms and policies which are incorporated herein by way of reference along with any amendments / modifications made by Freecharge at its sole discretion and posted on the Website, including by way of imposing an additional charge for access to or use of the Services. These Terms of Use are a binding legal agreement between You and Freecharge (both terms defined below) and come into effect when You register for a Freecharge Account or upon Your usage of the Platform and/or any Services.
For the purpose of these Terms of Use, wherever the context so requires "You" (with the term “Your” or “Yourself” being construed accordingly) or "User" shall mean any natural or legal person who registers for creation of an account with Freecharge (
“Freecharge Account”
or
“Account”
) or surfs the Platform or makes any transactions without registering on the Platform. Unless explicitly mentioned hereunder, the term “Freecharge”, "We", "Us", "Our" shall mean Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited, a company registered under the Companies Act, 2013, having its registered address at 2nd Floor, Plot No. 25, Pusa Road, New Delhi-110005, and principal office at 11th Floor, DLF Cyber Greens, Tower C, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase 2, Gurugram- 122002.
Our Services are very diverse and additional terms or product requirements shall apply to certain Services. These Terms of Use are in addition to and not in derogation with terms and conditions of any other Service provided by Freecharge either individually or by affiliates of Freecharge (
“Affiliates”
) or by third parties. Thus, when You use any of the Services provided by Us through the Platform, You will be subject to the rules, guidelines, policies, terms, and conditions applicable to such Services, and they shall be deemed to be incorporated into these Terms of Use and shall be considered as part of these Terms of Use. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the additional terms, the additional terms will supersede these Terms of Use.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before You use the Platform and/or any Services. We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time without any prior written notice to You. It is Your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically for updates / changes. Your continued use of the Platform following the posting of changes will mean that You accept and agree to the revisions. As long as You comply with these Terms of Use, We grant You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Platform.
Eligibility:
The Platform and/or the Services should only be used or accessed by persons who are competent to enter into a legally binding contract under the Indian Contract, 1872. If You are a minor (i.e. You are under the age of 18 years), You may use the Platform or Services only with the involvement of Your parent or guardian. Additionally, by agreeing to these Terms of Use, You represent that You are an Indian resident and have a valid and subsisting right, authority and capacity to enter into these Terms of Use and to abide by all of the terms and conditions contained herein. You also undertake that You are not impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting identity, age or affiliation with any person or entity. Freecharge reserve the right to terminate Your account and / or refuse to provide You with access to the Platform if it is brought to Our notice or if it is discovered that You do not qualify the eligibility criteria provided herein.
Registration and Your Freecharge Account:
You agree and understand that You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Account information i.e., Your password which, together with Your e-mail address (
“User ID”
), allows You to access the Platform. This User ID and password, together with any mobile number or other information You provide form Your "
Registration Information
." You agree to:
i. provide only current, accurate and complete information about Yourself in the course of registering to use the Services and
ii. maintain and promptly update the Registration Information, as necessary, to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete at all times. If You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or there are grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate Your Account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services (or any portion thereof) and You will not have any cause of action against Us for such suspension or termination of Your Account. You agree that Freecharge shall not be liable or responsible for the activities or consequences of use or misuse of any information that occurs under Your Freecharge Account in cases, including, where You have failed to update Your Registration Information including Your revised mobile phone number and/or e-mail address on the Platform.
If You share or allow others to have access to Your Freecharge Account, by creating separate profiles under Your Account, or otherwise, they will be able to view and access Your Account information. You shall be solely liable and responsible for all the activities undertaken under Your Account, and any consequences therefrom. You may be held liable for losses incurred by Freecharge or any other User of or visitor to the Platform due to authorized or unauthorized use of Your Freecharge Account as a result of Your failure in keeping Your Account information secure and confidential or otherwise.
All information and instructions received from Your Freecharge Account will be deemed to have been authorized by You and the recipients of this information shall rely on its authenticity based on the use of Your password. You will be responsible for all actions taken by anyone accessing the services using Your username and password/one time password (OTP).
In the event of any dispute between two or more parties as to ownership of a particular Freecharge Account, You agree that Freecharge will be the arbitrator of such dispute. Freecharge’s decision (which may include termination or suspension of any account subject to dispute) will be final and binding on all parties.
Verification of Information:
You understand that when You access or use the Platform or Services, We may share some or all of the information You provide with the third parties and other statutory, regulatory, and governmental authorities. By accepting these Terms of Use, You authorize Freecharge to request for supplemental documentation at any time (before or after Your Freecharge Account has been activated), in order to verify Your identity, and the accuracy of the information provided. If We cannot verify that the Registration Information is accurate and complete, We may deny Your use of the Platform and Services, or close Your Freecharge Account at any time.
Ownership:
You acknowledge and agree that the Platform, the Services, including without limitation any content available on the Platform and all trademarks, service marks and trade names and other intellectual property rights associated therewith are, and will remain, the property of Freecharge and its licensors, as applicable. All content related to Freecharge’s corporate and business activities, whether embedded in the Platform or otherwise, including any text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and software, is the exclusive property of Freecharge or its licensors and is protected by applicable laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of any and all content on the Platform and Services is also the exclusive property of the Freecharge and is protected by applicable laws.
All software used on the Platform and the Services is the property of Freecharge or its licensors / software suppliers and protected by Indian and international copyright laws. Any use except as specifically permitted under these Terms of Use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the content on the Platform or the Services is strictly prohibited. All graphics, logos and service names are trademarks of Freecharge or its affiliates. Our trademarks should not be used in connection with any product or service without obtaining authorization from Freecharge, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among Our customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Freecharge. The logos and trademarks of third parties on the Platform belong to respective third parties / brands.
License and Restrictions:
Subject to these Terms of Use, Freecharge grants You a limited, personal, non-assignable, non-transferable, nonexclusive, revocable, and non-sublicensable license to use and/or access the Platform and Services for such legitimate purposes that the Platform and Services intend to serve. You will be entitled to download and use any updates that We may make to the Platform and Services, subject to any additional terms, Weas and when these updates available. The license granted herein is revocable at any time and will continue until such time, when You cease to use or access the Platform and/or Services or Your use or access to the Platform and/or Services is terminated by Us.
You may not, nor may You permit any third party, directly or indirectly, to:
i. access or monitor any material or information on the Platform or Services or any associated system using any manual process or robot, spider, scraper, or other automated means;
ii. work around, bypass, or circumvent any of the technical limitations of the Platform or Services, use any tool to enable features or functionalities that are otherwise disabled in the Platform or Services, or decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer the Platform or Services or otherwise exploit them for any commercial purpose;
iii. perform or attempt to perform any actions that would interfere with the proper working of the Platform or Services, prevent access to or use of the Services by Our other customers, or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Our infrastructure;
iv. copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, publicly display, republish, upload, post, transmit, resell, or distribute in any way material, information, or Services;
v. post or transmit any file which contains viruses, worms, trojan horses or any other contaminating or destructive features, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the services;
vi. use and benefit from the Platform and Services via a rental, lease, timesharing, or other arrangement;
vii. downloading (other than page caching) of any portion of the services or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted by Us
viii. transfer any rights granted to You under these Terms of Use;
ix. use the Platform and Services for the sale of firearms, firearm parts, ammunition, weapons, or other devices designed to cause physical harm;
x. use the Platform and Services for any illegal activity or goods or in any way that exposes You, other users, Our partners, or Freecharge to harm; or
xi. otherwise use the Platform or Services except as expressly allowed under these Terms of Use.
If We reasonably suspect that Your Freecharge Account has been used for an unauthorized, illegal, or criminal purpose, We may terminate or suspend Your Freecharge Account. Additionally, You give Us express authorization to share information about You, Your Freecharge Account, and any of Your transactions with law enforcement bodies and officials.
Compatible Mobile Devices and Third-Party Carriers:
We do not warrant that the Platform and/or Services will be compatible with Your mobile device or carrier. Your use of the Platform and/or Services may be subject to the terms of Your agreements with Your mobile device manufacturer or Your telecom carrier. You may not use a modified device to use the Services if the modification is contrary to the device manufacturer's software or hardware guidelines, including disabling hardware or software controls-sometimes referred to as ‘jail broken’.
Privacy Policy:
Please read Our Privacy Policy to understand Our practices which governs Your use of the Platform and Services. Any information (including Your personal information and/or sensitive personal data or information) provided by You on the Platform will be collected, stored, processed, transferred, or shared by Us in accordance with Our Privacy Policy. These Terms of Use are deemed to incorporate the Privacy Policy posted on this Website and accessible/embedded in the mobile application.
Your Content:
The Services may include functionality for uploading or providing suggestions, recommendations, feedback, photos, documents, and other materials or information ("
Content
"). You will not host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any Content through the Platform or Services that: (a) belongs to another person and to which the user does not have any right to, (b) is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous defamatory, obscene, pornographic, pedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever; (c) harm minors in any way; (d) infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights; (e) violates any law for the time being in force; (f) deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature; (g) impersonate another person; (h) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; (i) threatens the unity, integrity, defense, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation; (j) is false, misleading, unlawful, obscene, indecent, lewd, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, threatening, harassing, hateful, abusive, or inflammatory; (k) encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or gives rise to civil liability; (l) breaches or infringes any rights of any person or entity, including rights of privacy or intellectual property; (m) contains corrupted data or any other harmful, disruptive, or destructive files; (n) in Our sole judgment, is objectionable, or which may expose Freecharge and its Affiliates or its customers to harm or liability of any nature.
Single-Sign-On Services:
Freecharge offers a Single-Sign-On Service (“
SSO Service
”) which permit Users to use the login credentials of his/her Freecharge Account to access all web pages and online platforms operated by Freecharge (hereinafter the “
Participating Platforms
”) with single log-in access / data, without going through a separate registration process every time. The number of Participating Platforms may also vary in the course of time. With regard to the contractual relationships of the Users with the respective Participating Platforms and Services offered thereto, for which the SSO Service can be used in accordance with these Terms of Use, these Participating Platforms and Services may alternatively have their own terms and conditions which shall be available on the respective Participating Platforms. In order to be able to use the SSO Service, You must have a Freecharge Account. You are permitted to set up only one Freecharge Account.
In-App Services:
Freecharge facilitates purchase of and/or payments with respect to certain Services offered by third parties who have partnered with Freecharge to enable payments with respect to their services to be made through the Platform such as utility payments with respect to prepaid recharges for mobile, postpaid mobile bills, DTH bills, electricity, gas , insurance premiums etc. and payments with respect to third digital products such as electronic gift cards, bus tickets etc. In addition, We provide value added services such as bill presentment, bill reminders, and transaction history for transparency of transactions, etc. (“
In-App Services
”). By choosing to use In-App Services, You understand that Freecharge nor its Affiliates assumes no liability for the actual deliver of the products and/or services with respect to which payments are being made using the In-App Services. All obligations with respect to the delivery of products and/or services will be solely that of the third party service provider and not of Freecharge. Further, all payments made using In-App Services shall be final. Such transactions cannot be refunded, returned, or cancelled once initiated.
Specific terms and conditions with respect to certain In-App Services are as provided below:
Recharge/Bill Payment Services:
i. Description of Bill Payment Service: Freecharge provides third party payment services that allow You to make payments to certain third party service providers such as telecom recharges, payment of municipal dues, insurance premiums, etc. (“
Bill Payment Services
”). To be eligible to use the Bill Payment Services, You must be a resident of India. In order to use the Bill Payment Services, You may be required to provide Us with Your account information with billers You would like to make payments to (such as Your customer account number or customer ID) and any information necessary for Us to access Your accounts and bill/plan details with such billers (such as phone number, email address, etc.) ("
Bill Payment Account Information
"). By using the Bill Payment Services, You expressly authorize Freecharge to store, use and access the Bill Payment Account Information, on Your behalf solely for the purpose of providing the Services to You. As a risk management measure, Freecharge reserves the right not to process transactions which Freecharge in its sole discretion determines to be high risk, suspicious or fraudulent in any manner. You understand and agree that You are responsible for the accuracy of the information You provide with respect to each payment request You make, including the Bill Payment Account Information, telephone number, the amount of the transaction, etc.
ii. Scheduling Your payments: Payment posting times will vary depending upon the biller You select. When Freecharge receives a payment instruction, You authorize Us to send instructions to payment system providers to debit Your card/ bank account/prepaid account/card and remit payments to billers on Your behalf. Payments are subject to the policies and procedures of billers. We are not liable for processing delays by the biller, nor are We liable if You fail to schedule payment dates in a timely manner.
iii. Late charges: You are solely responsible for paying any and all late charges and penalties levied by a biller.
iv. Payment history: Freecharge does not send periodic statements showing Your bill payment history. You may access information about Your bill payment requests using the Platform. You should also confirm Your bill payment requests against any statements or payment records provided by the biller and Your payment source.
v. Failed Transactions: In case of prepaid payments, if money has been charged to Your card or bank account or pre-paid payment instrument and the service is not delivered by the service provider within 48 hours of the completion of the transaction, You may inform Us regarding the same by sending an email to
care@freecharge.in.
or reaching out to us through the Help and Support section. Please include the transaction details such as the biller name, account number/mobile number, payment value, transaction date and order number. Upon investigation if it is found that money has been charged to Your card or bank account or prepaid payment instrument and the service has not been delivered, the transaction amount will be refunded back to source within 21 working days from the date of receipt of Your email.
Bharat Bill Payment System:
i. Description of BBPS Service: The Bharat Bill Payment System service (“
BBPS Service(s)
”) is provided by Freecharge as an agent institution of Axis Bank Limited ("
Axis Bank
") and IndiaIdeas.com Limited. In order to avail/use the BBPS Service, You need to select the available biller on the Platform. Display of billers and their availability are subject to their availability/participation on the BBPS platform. Freecharge shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, or consequential loss or damage sustained by You with regard to payment of bills on account of system level error, system failure, stoppage of access, break-down in computer hardware or software systems including any break-down of internet services/breakdown of network arising on account of circumstances not attributable to Freecharge or beyond the control of Freecharge and/or any delay or default on the part of the service providers. On completion of payment, You are requested to note down the transaction reference ID for further grievance redressal, if any.
ii. To use the BBPS Services, You may be required to provide Us with billing payment account information. By using the BBPS Service, You expressly authorize Freecharge to access, fetch, use and store Your Bill Payment Account Information and bill details on an ongoing basis, on Your behalf for the purpose of providing BBPS Services to You.
iii. Settlement Cycle: Payments made using the BBPS Service will reach the biller within 3 business days.
iv. Charges: At present, Freecharge does not levy any charge for using the BBPS Services.
v. Customer Grievance Redressal Framework: Users may query a transaction, raise a complaint and check the status of such complaint through the BBPS CMS platform by clicking
here
.
Alternately, Users may reach out to Freecharge to register a complaint through any of the service touch points given hereunder:
Level 1
1) Phone: We have a contact center set up where a customer can call 1800-572-7133 (toll free) to block their account or report any suspicious activity/transaction, the support is available 365 days in a year from 7 am till 11 pm. For customer complaints where ticket number is generated the period of resolution is 7 Business Days.
2) Email: Customer can also email their queries, suggestions, feedback, or complaints at
care@freecharge.com
Level 2
Grievance Redressal: We aim to resolve all complaints at the first point of contact. In case customer does not get a satisfactory resolution to their query/complaint at Level 1 they can get in touch with the grievance officer with ticket number and details of grievance.
Contact information
Email: Email at
grievanceofficer@freecharge.com
Working Hours: 9:30 AM to 6:30 PM (except National Holiday)
Turn-around-Time: 10 Business days from the Date of receipt
Postal Address: Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited, DLF Cyber Green, 11th Floor, TowerC, DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase-3, Gurugram-Haryana-122002, India
Registered Office: 2nd Floor, Plot No. 25, Pusa Road, New Delhi-110005
vi. Grievance Closure:
1. Where the complainant has communicated his acceptance of the company’s decision on redressal of grievance communicated by grievance redressal; or
2. Where the complainant has not communicated his acceptance of the company’s decision, within 7 days from the date of communication of decision by Level 1 or Level 2, as the case may be.
Gift Cards
i. Description: Freecharge allows You to purchase electronic pre-paid payments instruments (“
E-Gift Cards
”)
                                            of various third parties (“
Brands
”) through the Platform. These E-Gift Cards are sold by Qwikcilver Solutions
                                            Private Limited (“
Qwikcilver
”). All E-Gift Cards shall be valid for a period as per the terms decided and set
                                            out by the respective Brands.
ii. The E-Gift Cards can be redeemable on the websites and locations set out in the respective Gift Card terms and conditions. Please read the details of and terms and conditions associated with the E-Gift Card carefully before making the purchase.
iii. You understand and acknowledges that an E-Gift Card purchase by You cannot be exchanged for its value in cash, either in full or in part. You further acknowledge that the value stored/loaded in an E-Gift Card cannot be refunded or transferred in any manner whatsoever. E-Gift Card balance cannot be used to purchase another gift card.
iv. E-Gift Cards are normally delivered instantly upon purchase, however, sometimes delivery may be delayed due to technical issues. In such cases, You shall normally receive the E-Gift Card within 24 – 48 hours.
v. In the event of loss or theft of Your E-Gift Card or authentication data or in the event of any fraud/abuse being detected, You can send an email at support @woohoo.in or call Qwikcilver at 08067181401 during business hours (9 am – 11 pm).
Rental Payment Services
i. Description of Rent Payment Services: Freecharge enables You may make payment of house rent (“
Rent Payment Services
”) to Your landlord/lessor (“
Landlord
”) through its Platform. Your use of the Rent Payment Services means that You have authorized Freecharge to hold, receive and disburse funds in accordance with Your payment instructions.
ii. Freecharge shall require the following information to facilitate payment to the Landlord in accordance with
                                        Your instructions:
Details of the Landlord and their bank account
A copy of Your recent and active lease agreement
Rental amount to be transferred
Rental address
Landlord PAN card details (required if the rental amount to be paid exceeds INR 8333/-)
iii. The payment will be settled to Landlord within three (3) working days of receipt of the funds by Freecharge. You must submit the payment sufficiently in advance to include time for processing and settlement of the payment. It is solely Your responsibility to submit payments timely, so they are received by Your Landlord on or before Your rent payment due date.
iv. Description of Fees: You understand that You may be charged a fee with respect to Your use of the Rent Payment Services (“
Fee
”). The amount of the Fee will be displayed to You on the payment page. You agree to pay all such fees and charges as may be applicable and authorize Us to add the Fee to the amount of the payment instruction You provide. Taxes shall be payable by the customer as per applicable laws.
v. Accuracy of Information: You understand and acknowledge that You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the information You provide about each payment instruction made by You, including but not limited to bank account details of the Landlord. Once a payment has been initiated it cannot be reversed and Freecharge will not be liable in any way for any loss You may suffer as a result of a transaction being carried out in accordance with the instructions received by You.
vi. Our Relationship with You: Except for Our limited role in enabling the payment after receiving specific instructions from You, We are not involved in any underlying transaction between You, the Landlord, or any other customer. We are not an agent of the Landlord or any other registered customer of Freecharge.
You agree to not to make Freecharge party to or hold Freecharge responsible and/or liable for any issue or claim arising out for any dispute whatsoever between You and Landlord.
The customer is advised to obtain independent tax advice with respect to tax deducted at source or any other allied tax-related issues. Freecharge shall not be liable to provide any tax advice to the customer at any point in time.
vii. Risk Mitigation: Freecharge may delay, suspend, or reject a transaction for any payment(s) for any reason, including without limitation if We suspect the transaction poses a financial or security risk, or is unauthorized, fraudulent, suspicious, unlawful or in any way in violation of the applicable laws around such transactions or in violation of these Terms of Use, subject to dispute or otherwise unusual.
You agree not to use the Rent Payment Services for any unlawful activity. You understand that Freecharge reserves the right to investigate any suspicious activity or in response to any complaints or reported violations. When investigating any such activity, Freecharge reserves the right to report suspected unlawful activity to banks, regulators, and law enforcement agencies and to provide them with any relevant information including but not limited to personally identifiable data of the customer.
viii. Freecharge shall not be liable for errors You make in using the Rent Payment Services, including but not
                                        limited to the following:
You erroneously instruct Freecharge to submit a payment to a Landlord multiple times;
You instruct Freecharge to remit the wrong amount to a Landlord;
You provide Us with incorrect or incomplete information
Our Fee:
You understand that You may be charged a fee with respect to Your use of the Platform or Services. Further, We may also charge a fee with respect to certain optional valued added services that You elect to use. The amount of the fee will be displayed to You on the payment page. You agree to pay all such fees and charges as may be applicable to the Services You use and authorize Us to add the fee to the amount of the bill payment You request or bill You separately for such fees. You agree and accept that We reserve the right to change the fee structure from time to time.
Deals:
Users who register for a Freecharge Account are eligible to avail offers provided by various third parties (“
Deal Partner
”) listed in the “Deals” tab or displayed upon completion of transactions on the Platform (“
Deal(s)
”). Unless otherwise permitted by Freecharge and subject to conditions laid down by the Deal Partner, You are entitled to avail each Deal a maximum of 5 times. Each time You avail a Deal, a nominal fee of Re. 1 will be payable by You to Freecharge towards handling and convenience charges.
These Deals are only offered as incentive to and for convenience of Users. Freecharge is not selling/rendering any products/services being offered by the Deal Partner nor does Freecharge act as express or implied agent of the Deal Partner vis-a-vis the customers. Descriptions of the Deals and Deal Partner’s products and/or services are provided by the Deal Partner. Freecharge is neither guaranteeing nor making any representation with respect to the Deals being offered by the Deal Partner and is not responsible for sale/quality/features of the products/services under the offer through these Deals.
Deals offered on the Platform may also be available at other online platforms. The customer's discretion is advised in this regard. The use of the Deal would be subject to the terms & conditions of usage as stipulated by the Deal Partner. Any action taken or obligation created voluntary by the person(s) accessing/using such Deal(s) shall be directly between such person and the Deal Partner and Freecharge shall not be responsible directly or indirectly for such action so taken. Fulfillment of redemption requests against Deals featured on the Freecharge Platform are subject to availability of the products and warranties/restrictions placed by the Deal Partner at the time of the redemption. In case a Deal Partner fails to honor a Deal, the liability of Freecharge shall be limited to refunding the handling and convenience charges paid by You to Freecharge with respect to such Deal.
Reproduction, sale, or trade of Deal(s) is strictly prohibited. Freecharge reserves the right to disqualify any Freecharge Account from the benefits of the Deal program in case of any illegal, suspicious, fraudulent, or potentially fraudulent transaction/activity or misuse of the Program or part thereof.
Freecharge reserves the right to modify wholly or in part this program by any other program or terminate the program at any time without any prior notice to the You. Freecharge also reserves the right to offer/ withdraw any special items for a special set of User selected at its discretion, as well as the right to accept/ decline a User's request at its discretion.
If You avail any offers, discounts, cashbacks, coupons, etc. (“
Offers
”) provided by Us or Our partners, You are agreeing to comply with and accept the terms and conditions provided in respect of such Offers. Further, You understand that all terms and conditions provided with respect to any Offer shall form part of and shall be read in conjunction with these Terms of Use.
Rewards:
Subject to these Terms of Use, customers who register for a Freecharge Account may be eligible to receive Freecharge Rewards (“
Freecharge Rewards Program
”). As a part of the Freecharge Rewards Program, You may receive offers, scratch cards, discounts, cashbacks, coupons, etc. 
                            (“
Reward
”) provided by Us or Our partners.
Rewards program will be applicable on minimum transaction amount of Rs. 50 or above. In case of UPI transactions, the Customer will be eligible for a Reward only if the Customer makes payment using a Freecharge UPI handle.
In order to be eligible to receive the Reward, the Customer will also be required to provide Freecharge access to the Customer’s location.
The Rewards Program is not open to residents of the states of Tamil Nadu, West Bengal Sikkim, Nagaland, or any other state where such contest/offer may be prohibited.
The Reward You receive may be determined basis factors such Rewards that You may have received in the past, payment methods that You may use, how often You use the Freecharge Platform, etc.
In case there is more than one offer available simultaneously, no two offers can be combined.
In case the Reward is in the form of a scratch card, the scratch card must be availed within 30 days. Any scratch cards which remain unused for 30 days, will expire.
If You avail any Reward provided by Us or Our partners (“
Reward Program Partner
”), You accept the terms and conditions provided in respect of such Reward. Further, You understand that all terms and conditions provided with respect to any Reward shall form part of and shall be read in conjunction with these Rewards Program Terms.
Fulfillment of redemption requests against Rewards that may be offered by Reward Program Partners are subject to availability of the products and warranties/restrictions placed by the Reward Partners at the time of the redemption. In case a Reward Partner fails to honor a Reward, the liability of Freecharge shall be solely limited to providing the customer a substitute Reward as may be determined as suitable by Freecharge.
Freecharge reserves the right to modify wholly or in part the Freecharge Reward Program by any other program or terminate the Freecharge Reward Program at any time Offer without assigning any reasons or without any prior notice to the You, including but not limited to placing a cap on the number of times a customer will be eligible to receive a Reward under this Freecharge Rewards Program. Freecharge also reserve the right to offer/ withdraw any special items for a special set of customers selected at its discretion. Freecharge reserves the right to disqualify any Freecharge Account from the benefits of this offer in case of any fraudulent activity/suspicious transactions.
Cashback:
Cashback received by the customer either upon redemption of a Freefund Code or Deal (subject to terms of the Deal Partners) or with respect to transactions made through Platform or using Services including any In-App Services (including Cashback received as a Reward), shall be in the form of ‘Freecharge Gift Instrument issued by Axis Bank’ (“
Cashback
”). The same shall be redeemable within 1095 days from the date of issuance. You understand and acknowledges that the Cashback cannot be exchanged for its value in cash, either in full or in part. You further acknowledge that the value stored in the Cashback cannot transferred in any manner whatsoever.
Freefund Code:
This code entitles the customer to receive Cashback upon redemption (“
Freefund Code
”). The customer understands that the Freefund Code is not a prepaid payment instrument. The validity of a Freefund Code shall be as determined by Freecharge and conveyed to the customer at the time of issuance of the Freefund Code.
Payments:
All payments made through the Platform and/or with respect to Services availed shall be compulsorily in Indian Rupees. You understand and acknowledge that when You use any of the payment method/s available on the Platform for availing the Services, Freecharge Entities shall not be responsible for or assume any liability, whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly to You due to:
Lack of authorization for any transaction(s), or
Exceeding the preset limit mutually agreed by You and between bank/s and/or other institutions used by You in
                                making payment, or
Any payment issues arising out of the transaction, or
Rejection of transaction for any other reason(s) whatsoever.
Refunds:
In case any amount is transferred, or payment is made by You to any third party through the Platform or Services, Freecharge shall not be liable to refund such amount to You under any circumstances. If You erroneously send a payment to the wrong party or send a payment for the wrong amount (for instance a typographical error at Your end), Your only recourse will be to contact the party to whom You have sent the payment and ask them to refund the amount. Freecharge will not reimburse You or reverse a payment that You have erroneously made.
Communication:
FREECHARGE, OUR AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, AFFILIATES MAY COMMUNICATE WITH YOU THROUGH E-MAIL, SMS, TELEPHONE, CALLS USING PRERECORDED MESSAGES OR ARTIFICIAL VOICE, CALLS AND MESSAGES DELIVERED USING AUTO TELEPHONE DIALLING SYSTEM OR AN AUTOMATIC TEXTING SYSTEM, BY POSTING NOTIFICATIONS ON THE PLATFORM (INCLUDING PUSH NOTIFICATIONS) OR ANY OTHER MEANS OF COMMUNICATION. BY USING THE PLATFORM, YOU CONSENT TO RECEIVE SUCH COMMUNICATIONS FROM FREECHARGE IN RELATION TO THE PLATFORM AND/OR SERVICES, YOUR FREECHARGE ACCOUNT INFORMATION, OR ANY UPDATES/ CHANGES TO THE PLATFORM/ SERVICES AND/ OR OTHER PROMOTIONAL OR MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS FROM FREECHARGE AND ITS AFFILIATES.
Disclaimer of Warranties:
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND DISCRETION. THE PLATFORM IS LICENSED TO YOU "ASIS," "WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE." YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT. FREECHARGE AND/ OR ITS AFFILIATES GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR CONDITIONS UNDER OR IN RELATION TO THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES. FREECHARGE AND/ OR ITS AFFILIATES EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON- INFRINGEMENT.
FREECHARGE MAKES NO WARRANTY AGAINST AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR: (A) INTERFERENCE OF YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES; (B) LOSSES OR DAMAGES INCLUDING ANY PERSONAL INJURY ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES; (C) USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES; (D) FAILURE, SUSPENSION OR WITHDRAWAL OF ALL OR PART OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR ANY SERVICE AT ANY TIME; (E) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES; (F) FUNCTIONAL, UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR BUG-FREE DELIVERY OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES; (G) SECURITY, RELIABILITY OR TIMELINESS OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES. ANY CONTENT OR MATERIAL DOWNLOADED THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS OF DATA OCCURRING ON YOUR DEVICE OR ANY OTHER LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM THE DOWNLOAD AND USE OF THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES. NO ADVICE, COURSE OF CONDUCT OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM FREECHARGE OR ANY PARTY OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM AND/ OR SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY UNLESS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS.
WHILST FREECHARGE WILL UNDERTAKE ALL REASONABLE EFFORTS AND DUE DILIGENCE TO ENSURE SECURITY AND INTEGRITY, FREECHARGE WILL, IN PARTICULAR, NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE FOLLOWING: DELAY OR ERRORS IN TRANSMISSION AND/ OR STORAGE OF INFORMATION TO OR THROUGH FREECHARGE THAT MIGHT OCCUR FROM TIME TO TIME INTRUSION, DISTORTION, LOSS OR FORGERY OF DATA, ETC DUE TO ACT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, FAILURE OF ANY SOFTWARE AND/OR HARDWARE OR TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICE PROVIDER(S) USED BY FREECHARGE OR YOU OR ANY OTHER ACT BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.YOU WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENCES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANYTHING TRANSMITTED OR CAUSED TO BE TRANSMITTED BY YOU, TO OR THROUGH THE PLATFORM AND/OR SERVICES.
THE PLATFORM AND SERVICES ARE CONTROLLED AND OPERATED FROM AND IN INDIA. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS THAT THE SERVICES ARE APPROPRIATE OR AVAILABLE FOR USE IN OTHER LOCATIONS. THOSE WHO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES FROM OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO SO AT THEIR OWN VOLITION AND ARE ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE INDIAN LAWS, RULES, REGULATIONS, GUIDELINES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO EXPORT AND IMPORT REGULATIONS AND RBI REGULATIONS. YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE SERVICE IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF A COUNTRY EMBARGOED BY INDIA, OR ARE A FOREIGN PERSON OR ENTITY BLOCKED OR DENIED BY THE INDIAN GOVERNMENT. UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY STATED, ALL MATERIALS FOUND ON THE SERVICES ARE SOLELY DIRECTED TO INDIVIDUALS, COMPANIES, OR OTHER ENTITIES LOCATED IN INDIA.
Termination
Our Right:
We reserve the right, without notice and in Our sole discretion, to terminate Your access to, and use
                                    of, of the Platform and Services and to block or prevent Your future access to, and use of, the Platform and/or
                                    the Services. Upon termination, You must uninstall any copies of the Services from Your computer and/or mobile
                                    or other devices. We will not be liable to You for the termination of the services or for any consequence arising
                                    out of termination of the services.
Your Right:
You may terminate these Terms of Use by closing Your Freecharge Account at any time. Upon closure of a Freecharge Account, any pending transactions will be cancelled.
Termination for Force Majeure:
We will have the option to suspend or terminate these Terms of Use and the discontinue any Services with immediate effect on the occurrence of a force majeure event.
Effect of Termination:
We will not be liable to You for compensation, reimbursement, or damages in connection with Your use of the Platform or Services, or any termination or suspension of the Services. The termination of these Terms of Use does not relieve You of obligations to pay any fees or costs accrued prior to the termination and any other amounts owed by You to Us, and/or Our partners and service providers under these Terms of Use or terms with respect to any Services offered through the Platform.
Indemnification:
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Freecharge, its Affiliates and agents and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, successors and assigns from and against any claim, proceeding, loss, damage, liability, cost, demand or expense (including but not limited to attorney's fees) of any kind arising out of: (i) Your access to or use of the Platform and Services; (ii) any breach of these Terms of Use or rules and/policies of any payment system providers; (iii) Your violation of the rights of a third party, including but not limited to infringement of any intellectual property, proprietary right or trade secret of any person or entity, or of any privacy or consumer protection right that is implicated herein; (iv) any violation of law or contractual obligation and any claims, demands, notices pursuant to such violation; (v) fraud, negligence or misconduct by You individually or in connivance with any third party; (vi) Your wrongful or improper use of the Platform and/or the Services. These obligations will survive termination of these Terms of Use.
Limitation of Liability:
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, under no circumstance will Freecharge or its Affiliates, their respective directors, employees or agents be liable to You or any third party for personal injury, or any special, incidental, indirect, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages whatsoever, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits or revenues, goodwill, failure to transmit or receive any data, loss of confidential information, business interruption, loss of privacy, corruption or loss of data, failure to receive or backup Your data (or archived data), for any cause of action, including contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise and any other loss whatsoever arising out of or in any way arising from or related to the use of or inability to use the Platform and/or Services, including without limitation any damages caused by or resulting from reliance by You on any information obtained from Us or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to Our records, programs or services; or following a failure, suspension or withdrawal of all or part of the Platform at any time, any third party content, software or functions used in connection with the Platform even if Freecharge or any or all of its agents have been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall Our aggregate liability, whether in contract, warranty, tort (including negligence, whether active, passive, or imputed), product liability, strict liability, or other theory, arising out of or relating to the use or inability to use the services exceed any fee, You pay to Us, if any, to access or use the Services giving rise to the cause of action or Rupees One Thousand only (Rs. 1000/-), whichever is lesser.
In addition, We shall not be liable for errors You make in using the Platform and Services, including the following:
i. You erroneously direct Us to submit a payment instruction multiple time;
ii. You direct Us to process payment for the wrong amount;
iii. You direct Us to submit a payment instruction for a wrong party; or
iv. You provide Us with incorrect or incomplete information.
Any of the above issue(s) needs to be taken up directly with the payee.
You understand and acknowledge that We do not have control of, or liability for, the goods or services that are
                                    paid for via Service(s)
Your liability: Except as otherwise provided by law, You will be liable for any loss or damage resulting from Your breach of these Terms of Use or Your negligence, or which resulted from unauthorized, fraudulent, or dishonest acts by others (other than Us). You are liable for all payments that You make, or which are made or requested under Your Freecharge Account, even if that payment is unauthorized.
Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply. You agree that, if You are dissatisfied with the Services or any portion thereof, Your exclusive remedy shall be to stop using the Services.
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution:
These Terms of Use will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. You agree that any legal action or proceedings arising out of these Terms of Use may be brought exclusively in the competent courts/tribunals having jurisdiction in New Delhi in India and irrevocably submit themselves to the jurisdiction of such courts / tribunals. If any dispute, controversy, or claim arises under these Terms of Use or in relation to any Service or the Platform, including any question regarding the existence, validity, or termination of these Terms of Use (hereinafter “
Dispute
”), the parties shall use all reasonable endeavours to resolve such Dispute amicably. If the parties are unable to resolve the dispute amicably within 30 days of the notice of such dispute, Freecharge may elect to resolve any Dispute by a binding arbitration in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Arbitration & Conciliation Act, 1996 (hereinafter “
Act
”). Such Dispute shall be arbitrated on an individual basis and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The Dispute shall be resolved by a sole arbitrator, appointed in accordance with the Act. The seat of the arbitration shall be New Delhi and the language of this arbitration shall be English. Either You or Freecharge may seek any interim or preliminary relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in New Delhi necessary to protect the rights or the property belonging to You or Paytm (or any of Our agents, suppliers, and subcontractors), pending the completion of arbitration. Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither You nor Freecharge may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcing the arbitration award. All administrative fees and expenses of arbitration will be divided equally between You and Freecharge. In all arbitrations, each party will bear the expense of its own lawyers and preparation. This paragraph shall survive termination of these Terms of Use.
No Obligation for Maintenance:
Freecharge has no obligation to monitor the functioning of the Platform. However, You acknowledge and agree that Freecharge has the right to monitor the functioning of the Platform electronically or otherwise from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation, or other governmental request, to operate the Platform properly or to protect itself or its service providers, alliance partners, visitors, Users. Freecharge reserve the right to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that, in its sole discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate or in violation of the Terms of Use.
No Agency:
These Terms of Use and Your use of or access to the Platform are not intended to create an agency, partnership, joint-venture or employer-employee relationship between You and the Platform, Freecharge, any partner, except where otherwise specifically agreed or appointed.
Third Party Services and Links to Other Web Sites:
We may display third party content or advertisements through the services and may provide links that will take You to web pages and content of third parties that are not under Our control (collectively, "
Third Party Content
"). We make no representation, warranty, promise or guarantee whatsoever concerning any aspect of any Third Party Content, including without limitation regarding its accuracy or completeness. You agree that Your use of all Third Party Content is entirely at Your own risk. We provide Third Party Content solely as a convenience to You, and the provision of such a link is not an endorsement by Us of any aspect of the Third Party Content. You acknowledge and agree that We are not responsible or liable in any manner for any Third Party Content and undertake no responsibility to update or review any Third Party Content. Please remember that when You use a link to go from Our Platform to another website, Our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. If You browse and interact on any other website, including those that have a link on Our Platform, this will be subject to that website's own rules and policies.
Assignment:
These Terms of Use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred, or assigned by You. We may assign, in whole or in part, the benefits or obligations of these Terms of Use. We will provide an intimation of such assignment to You, which will be binding on the parties to these Terms of Use.
Force Majeure:
We will not be liable for failure to perform under these Terms of Use as a result of any event of force majeure including but not limited to acts of god, fire, wars, sabotage, civil unrest, labour unrest, action of statutory authorities or local or state, central governments, change in laws, rules, and regulations, affecting Our and/or the payment system providers performance.
Waiver:
Unless otherwise expressly stated in these Terms of Use, the failure to exercise or delay in exercising a right or remedy under these Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or a waiver of any other rights or remedies, and no single or partial exercise of any right or remedy under these Terms of Use will prevent any further exercise of the right or remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
Survival of Provisions:
These Terms of Use by their nature and content are intended to survive the performance hereof by any or all parties hereto and will so survive the completion and termination of this Terms and Conditions.
Severability:
If one or more provisions of these Terms are held to be unenforceable under applicable law(s), the remainder of these Terms will be valid and enforceable.
Waiver:
If You breach these Terms of Use and Freecharge takes no action, We will still be entitled to use Our rights and remedies in any other situation where You breach these Terms.
Non-Exclusivity:
It is agreed and clarified that these Terms of Use are being executed on a non-exclusive basis and the Parties are at liberty to enter into similar terms and agreements with others.
Grievance Officer:
In the event You have any queries/complaints regarding usage of Platform and/or Services, please contact grievanceofficer@freecharge.com. The complaints will be redressed in the manner provided under the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules framed thereunder and Our Grievance Redressal Policy.
Notices:
All notices, requests, demands, waivers, and other communications required or permitted to be given under these Terms and Conditions will be in writing and to be sent to the following addresses:
For Freecharge:
Postal Address: 11th Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Greens,
DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase-3,
Gurugram, Haryana - 122002
Email:
care@freecharge.in
For You:
To the name and email address provided at the time of registration.
Or, in each case, at such other address as may be specified in writing to the other parties in accordance with the
                                requirements of this clause. All such notices, requests, demands, waivers, and other communications will be
                                deemed duly given
if by personal delivery, on the day after such delivery,
if by certified or registered mail, on the second day after the mailing thereof,
if by courier service or similar service, on the day delivered, or
if emailed, on the day following the day on which such email was sent, provided that a copy is also sent by
                                    registered mail
User Guidelines:
In consideration for granting you the rights hereunder, you hereby agree not to use the Platform for any purpose that is unlawful under any applicable laws and/or in violation of the terms of these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy. You shall not use the Platform in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair our server, or any network(s) connected to any of Our server, or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Platform. You shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any functions and features, other user accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any Freecharge server, in any manner, including, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You shall not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means which is not intentionally made available through the Platform.
The Platform is made available to you for your own personal and non-commercial use alone. You shall not allow third parties to:     	 (i) make and/or distribute copies of the Platform or any deliverable generated by the Platform;
                                (ii) attempt to copy, reproduce, alter, modify and/or reverse engineer the Platform; and/or (iii) create derivative works of the Platform.
                            	(iii) create derivative works of the Platform.
You accept that any and all operations emanating from your device shall be assumed to have been initiated by you.
You shall not copy, reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works of our content that is available on the Platform. Also, you shall not reverse engineer or reverse compile our technology that is available on the Platform, including, without limitation, such Java applet, as may be associated with the Platform from time to time.
You shall request Freecharge, to block the Account and change the passcode immediately for the Account, if your device has been lost or stolen.
You are responsible for any and all activities that occur in your Account. You agree to notify Freecharge immediately of any unauthorized use of the Account or any other breach of security. Freecharge shall not be liable for any loss to you or your organization owing to negligent actions or a failure on your part to inform Freecharge within a reasonable time, about loss or theft of your device and/or any unauthorized access in your Account, either with or without your knowledge.
You shall be liable for losses incurred by Freecharge or any other party due to a third party’s use of the Account. You shall not use any other person’s account at any time, without the permission of the account holder and Freecharge.
Freecharge shall make all reasonable efforts to ensure that your information is kept confidential. However, Freecharge shall not be responsible for any disclosure or leakage of confidential information and/or loss or damage of the device due to theft, negligence, or failure on your part to practice safe computing.
You shall ensure that while using the functions and features, all prevailing and applicable laws, rules, and regulations, shall at all times, be strictly complied with by You and Freecharge shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for default of any nature, by you, regarding the same.
You understand and acknowledge that upon using the Product, you authorize us to access third party sites designated by you, on your behalf, to retrieve such information requested by you, and to register for accounts requested by you. For all purposes hereof, you hereby grant us a limited powers and hereby authorize us with the full power of substitution and re-substitution, for you and in your name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to access third party internet sites, servers or documents, retrieve information, and use your information, all as described above, with the full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection with services and facilities available on the Platform, as fully to all intents and purposes as you might or could do in person. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WHEN WE ACCESSES AND RETRIEVE INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTY SITES, WE ARE ACTING AS YOUR AGENT, AND NOT THE AGENT OR ON BEHALF OF THE THIRD PARTY. You agree that such third parties shall be entitled to rely on the foregoing authorization, agency granted by you.
Warranties:
The Platform and the functions and features therein are provided on an "as is" and on an "as available" basis. We expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
We shall make reasonable efforts to make available the Services and the Services at all times. However, we make no warranty that the Platform and the Services shall meet your requirements, be uninterrupted, timely, secure, and/or error free. Further we do not make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the functions and features or as to the accuracy, reliability and/or quality of the output derived therefrom.
We shall not be liable for the loss and/or damage of the confidential information or data of the User arising as a result of an event or a series of related events, that is beyond our control including failures of or problems with the internet or part of the internet, attempted hacker attacks, hacker attacks, denial of service attacks and/or viruses or other malicious software attacks or infections.
Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Platform is done at your own discretion and risk and you are solely responsible for any damage to your device or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us through or from the service will create any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms of Use.
Terms and Conditions for FreeCharge balance account (Prepaid Payment Instrument) issued by Axis Bank Limited
This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.
This document is published in compliance of and shall be governed by Indian law, including but not limited to (i) the Indian Contract Act, 1872; (ii) the Information Technology Act, 2000, the rules, regulations, guidelines and clarifications framed thereunder; (iii) the Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007 and applicable rules, regulations and guidelines made thereunder; and (iv) Reserve Bank of India act, 1934 and the applicable rules, regulations and guidelines made thereunder for the bank for issuance and operation of pre-paid payment instrument and for money transfer (V) Master Direction- Know Your Customer(KYC) Direction, 2016 issued by RBI.
This document is disclosed in compliance with Section 21 of Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007 and as required to be disclosed under policy guidelines on issuance and operation of pre-paid payment instrument in India.
This agreement is a legally binding document between you and the bank (both Terms defined below). 
                                The Terms of this document will be effective upon your issuance of pre-paid payment instrument by
                                 the bank or your usage of pre-paid payment instrument and will govern the relationship between you and the Bank
                                  for the Use of Freecharge Balance Account and Services (defined below). These Terms are in addition to and not 
                                  in derogation with Terms and Conditions of any other product or serives of the bank. Before Axis Bank Limited 
                                  issues You the Freecharge Balance Account or before You use the
Freecharge Balance Account 
                                (Prepaid Payment Instrument) issued by Axis Bank Limited
, please read these TERMS & CONDITIONS carefully.
By offering to acquire, accepting or using Freecharge Balance Account, You are unconditionally agreeing to
                                 the Terms and Conditions set out below with Axis Bank Limited and will be bound by them.
By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, You represent the following:
You are 18 (eighteen) years old or older;
Capable of entering into a legally binding agreement;
You are an Indian resident;
You have not been previously suspended or removed from the Prepaid Payment Account Services or Single-Sign-On Services;
You have valid and subsisting right, authority, and capacity to enter into these Terms and Conditions and to abide by all
                                    of the terms and conditions contained herein; and
You are not impersonating any person or entity, or falsely stating or otherwise misrepresenting identity, age or affiliation
                                    with any person or entity.
All references in these Terms and Conditions to You or Your shall refer to the users or Customer of 
                                Website or Merchant Site(s). All references in these Terms and Conditions to We, Us, or Our shall refer to 
                                Freecharge, and their respective affiliates, as the case may be.
1. DEFINITIONS:
Unless the context requires otherwise the terms defined shall have the same meaning attributed to them herein:
a)
"Applicable Law(s)"
shall mean all applicable central, state and local laws, statute, regulations, orders or directives as may be amended and in effect or re-enacted from time to time, order or other legislative action of any government authority to the extent having the force of law and in each case, any implementing regulation or interpretation issued thereunder including any successor Applicable Law;
b)
"Customer"
shall mean the registered user of Freecharge account who also acquires Freecharge Balance Account from Axis Bank Limited
c)
"Freecharge Account"
shall mean the account created by the Customer by using the services provided by Freecharge, upon the Customer “signing in” or “signing up” for the purposes of entering into a Transaction with a Merchant or other Customer; which would give the Customer access inter alia to FreeCharge Balance Account.
d)
"Freecharge Balance Account"
or
"Prepaid Payment Account"
shall means a) a Small prepaid payment instrument 
                                and Full KYC prepaid payment instrument as the case may be, issued by Axis Bank Limited and which is branded
                                with Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited(“
Freecharge
”) in the form of a 
                                virtual payment account (“Freecharge Wallet”) and/or (b) prepaid gift instrument(s) issued by Axis Bank Limited 
                                in the form of a virtual payment account (“Freecharge Gift Instrument”), which can be used on the Website
                                or Merchants site(s) (a) to make payments for goods and services ("
Products
") purchased/availed through Merchant(s) 
                                or for transfer of funds from one Customer's Freecharge Wallet to another Freecharge Wallet if permissible under 
                                Applicable Law or for any other purposes as may be specified from time to time by the Bank.
e)
"Freecharge"
shall mean Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited, a private limited company incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 2013 and having its registered office at 2nd Floor, Plot No. 25, Pusa Road, New Delhi-110005
f)
"Freecharge Wallet"
shall mean a Small prepaid payment instrument and Full KYC 
                                prepaid payment instrument as the case may be, issued by Axis Bank Private Limited in the form of a 
                                virtual payment account.
g)
"Freecharge Gift Instrument"
shall mean a prepaid gift instrument(s) 
                                issued by Axis Bank Limited in the form of a virtual payment account.
h)
"Merchant(s)"
shall mean seller(s), retailers or e-commerce 
                                marketplace or such other business entities who accept Freecharge Balance Account as
                                 payment options for collecting payments from the Customer
i)
"Mobile Application(s)"
shall mean the software application(s) which inter alia, enables Freecharge account through the mobile-device.
j)
"Prepaid Payment Account Services"
or
"Services"
shall mean the scheme under which Prepaid Payment Account is issued by the Bank and 
                                related services or functionalities as detailed under these Terms and Condititonsenabling Customers to make Transaction.
k)
"RBI"
shall mean Reserve Bank of India.
l)
"Single-Sign-On Services"
shall mean the services provided by Freecharge to Customers through 
                                Freecharge account, or otherwise. For avoidance of doubt, the Freecharge Balance Account is issued by Axis Bank 
                                Limited but can be accessed through Single-Sign-On Services.
m)
"Terms and Conditions" shall mean these terms and conditions;
n)
"Transaction"
shall mean an online and offline purchase of Product; or payments for 
                                purchase of Products or for any other specified purpose to a Merchant; or to other Customer, or transfer 
                                of funds to any bank account, through Freecharge Balance Account or through any other modes as determined by 
                                the Bank from time to time and shall also include load/reload of Freecharge Balance Account.
o)
"Website"
shall mean website having the domain https://www.freecharge.in or mobile site, Mobile Application(s), or online front end or back end interphases through which the Bank shall issue the Prepaid Payment Account after creation of Freecharge account.
p)
"Axis Bank Limited"
or
"The Bank"
shall mean the Axis Bank Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 and 
                                a banking company within the meaning of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and having its registered office at 
                                Axis Bank Limited, ‘Trishul’, 3rd Floor, Opp. Samartheshwar Temple, Near Law Garden, Ellisbridge, Ahmedabad - 380 006.
2. INTERPRETATIONS
2.1. All references to singular include plural and vice versa and the word "includes" should be construed as "without limitation".
2.2 Words importing any gender include the other gender.
2.3 Reference to any statute, ordinance or other law includes all regulations and other instruments and all consolidations, amendments, re-enactments or replacements for the time being in force.
2.4 All headings, bold typing and italics (if any) have been inserted for convenience of reference only and do not define limit or affect the meaning or interpretation of these terms.
2.5. These Terms and Conditions shall be independent of the terms and conditions of Merchant(s)' site(s).
2.6. An "authorisation" or "approval" includes an authorisation, consent, clearance, approval, permission, resolution, license, exemption, filing and registration.
3.
ISSUANCE AND REGISTRATION OF FREECHARGE BALANCE ACCOUNT / PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT
3.1. The Prepaid Payment Account will be issued by the Bank to Customer on the request of 
                                the Customer and pursuant to the Customer making an application for registration of Freecharge Balance Account
                                 and agreeing to these Terms and Conditions and other applicable terms and conditions in the manner prescribed 
                                 by the Bank in this regard, provided the Customer has fulfilled the eligibility and Know Your Customer
("KYC")
criteria and provided all relevant information and/or documentation request by the Bank.
3.2. A Customer desirous of acquiring a Prepaid Payment Account should apply to the Bank using Website 
                                or using Merchant's Site as mentioned on the Website and accept these Terms and Conditions and other terms 
                                and conditions as may be specified.
3.3 The Bank reserves the right to reject any application made for issuing a Prepaid Payment Account without assigning any reason.
3.4 In order to acquire register, create and use a Prepaid Payment Account, the Bank may require You to submit certain personal information, such as Your name, mobile phone number, e-mail address, date of birth, preferred language of communication, etc as amended by the Bank from time to time and any other data as per Applicable Law
("Data")
. You agree that the Data You provide to the Bank upon registration and at all other times will be true, accurate, current and complete. You shall immediately inform the Bank or its authorized service provider(s) about change in Data along with such proof of change.
3.5 You hereby authorize the Bank, directly or through third parties, to make any inquiries that the Bank may consider necessary to validate Your identity and/or authenticate Your identity and Prepaid Payment Account information. This may include asking You for further information and/or documentation about Your account usage or identity, or requiring You to confirm identification by furnishing KYC documentation, ownership of Your email address, telephone number or financial instruments, among others. This process is for internal verification purposes. You agree and understand that the Data as entered by You shall always be maintained by Bank's authorized service provider(s).
3.6. The collection, verification, audit and maintenance of correct and updated Customer information is a continuous process and the Bank reserve the right, at any time, to take steps necessary to ensure compliance with all relevant and applicable KYC requirements.
3.7 Notwithstanding anything contained herein, You shall complete Your KYC verification process through the e-KYC mode, as may be made available to You, You also agree to and accept the below terms:
a. You hereby consent that the Bank may, through an authorized UIDAI regulated agency (“Agency”), authenticate ’Know Your Customer’ (KYC) information through biometric and/or One Time Password (OTP) based Adhaar authentication (“e-KYC”) and/or any other permitted means for the purpose of fulfilling the KYC requirements mandated by the RBI, in a manner as required under applicable laws.
b. You hereby allow Bank to obtain from the Agency, and to store Your e-KYC for a period of 10 (ten) years from the date of termination of Your account with the Bank, or any other period as mandated under any applicable laws.
c. You hereby declare that the details furnished by You are true, correct and complete to the best of Your knowledge. You will keep the Bank and Freecharge indemnified and harmless with regard to any inaccuracies, errors, discrepancies, etc. in the information provided, or in case of any incomplete information provided.
d. . You confirm that You are aware of and have read the laws applicable in relation to eKYC Data and that You are aware of Your rights and obligations thereunder and under all applicable laws.
e. You agree that the Bank may also share Your information/ data for such purposes as may be mandated under Applicable Law or any order/request of a regulatory/ statutory authority or Court.
3.8 The Bank reserves the right to discontinue the Services/ reject applications for Prepaid Payment Account Services at any time if there are discrepancies in information and/or documentation provided by You or if the information/documentation provided by You is found to be incorrect or wrong. In such an event, the Bank reserves the right to forfeit the balance therein to the extent and in accordance with Applicable Laws.
4
. EXTENT OF PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT SERVICES
4.1. The amount that can be transacted in the Prepaid Payment Account is governed by Applicable Laws including rules, regulations and guidelines laid down by RBI which include monthly limits, transaction limits and balance limits on the Prepaid Payment Account. Subject to any change in Applicable Law including guidelines/notifications issued by RBI from time to time the limitations stated hereunder may be reviewed and modified at the discretion of the Bank without prior intimation to the Customer:
4.1.1 Freecharge Wallet:
Small PPI:
(A) Minimum KYC Freecharge Wallet Features:-
Freecharge no longer issues Minimum KYC Wallet. In terms of RBI Master Directions all existing minimum KYC 
                                wallet are to be mandatorily converted into Minimum KYC + wallet or Full KYC, failing which no further credit is 
                                allowed in this type of wallet However, the customer can continue to use balance available in his  Minimum KYC Wallet.
(B) Minimum KYC + Freecharge Wallet Features:-
Sr No
Feature
Conditions
1
Currency of Issue
Indian Rupees
2
The maximum Outstanding Balance
The maximum outstanding balance must not exceed INR 5,000/- (Indian Rupees Five Thousand only) at any point in time
3
Loading or Re-loading funds
The total amount loaded or reloaded in the prepaid payment account during any given month shall not 
                                                exceed INR 5,000/- (Indian Rupees Five Thousand Only) and the total amount loaded during the financial 
                                                year shall not exceed Rs 60,000/- (Indian Rupees Sixty Thousand Only)
4
Debit from prepaid payment account
The total amount debited from the prepaid payment account during any given month shall not exceed INR 5,000/-
5
Cash withdrawal
Cash withdrawal of any amount from prepaid payment account is prohibited under RBI regulations.
6
Making the prepaid payment account inactive
In case of no financial transaction for a consecutive 
                                                period of 1 (one) year in the Prepaid Payment Account, the Bank shall make the Prepaid Payment Account inactive.
7
Usage of the instrument
The instrument can be used only for purchase of goods and services. Fund transfer to other Freecharge Wallet(s) or to bank 
                                                accounts is not permitted.
8
Validity Period
Lifetime.
Full KYC Freecharge Wallet
Full KYC Freecharge Wallet Features:-
Sr No
Feature
Conditions
1
Currency of Issue
Indian Rupees
2
Loading or Re-loading funds
The maximum outstanding balance must not exceed INR 1,00,000/- (Indian Rupees One Lac only) at any given point in time.
3
Funds transfer from prepaid payment account
(a) In case of pre-registered beneficiaries, the fund transfer limit shall not 
                                                exceed Rs 1,00,000/- (Indian Rupees One Lac Only) per month per beneficiary. 
                                                (b) for all other cases, fund transfer limit shall not exceed Rs 5,000/- (Indian Rupees Five Thousand Only) per month.
4
Making the prepaid payment account inactive
In case of no financial transaction for a consecutive period of 1 (one) year in the Prepaid Payment Account, the Bank shall make the 
                                                Prepaid Payment Instrument Account inactive. The same shall be reactivated only after due diligence and validation to the satisfaction of the Bank.
5
Cash withdrawal
Cash withdrawal of any amount from Prepaid Payment Account is prohibited.
6
Usage of the instrument
The instrument can be used for money transfer, purchase of goods and services.
7
Validity Period
Lifetime
*Note: 1. KYC documentation shall be in line with the prevailing RBI guidelines on (KYC) Know your Customer.
2. Above parameters and limit capping are subject to change as per when new guidelines or Master direction on issuance 
                                and operation of prepaid card as may be issued by RBI from time to time
4.1.2. Freecharge Gift Instruments
a. Maximum value of each such payment instrument shall not exceed INR 10,000/- (Indian Rupees Ten Thousand Only).
b. The maximum number of instruments which can be held by an individual shall be 25 (twenty five) at any given point of 
                                time. The validity of the prepaid gift instruments shall be 3 years. It may vary between one year to three years as may be 
                                decided by the Bank at the time of issuance of prepaid gift instruments. On the request of the Gift PPI Instrument Holder, 
                                such instruments may be re-validated before expiry of 3 years at the discretion of the Bank for same term or for a shorter term.
c. These Gift Instruments are not re-loadable.
4.2 The said Prepaid Payment Account is valid for purchase of Products and Services and Transactions 
                                within territory of India in Indian Rupees only.
4.3 Prepaid Payment Account or Services thereunder is not transferable unless required by operation of law.
4.4 The Customer shall be able to use the Prepaid Payment Account only to the extent of the amount loaded onto the Prepaid Payment Account.
4.5 The Prepaid Payment Account shall be activated subject to the minimum amount being loaded on the Prepaid Payment Account as may be 
                                specified by the Bank from time to time and after creation of the Freecharge account.
4.6 The Customer or any other person permitted to load the Prepaid Payment Account may credit the Prepaid Payment 
                                Account through any of the methods prescribed from time to time.
4.7 The Customer may be able to carry out all or any kind of Transactions, as may be available from time to time.
4.8 No cash withdrawal or cash remittance is permissible on the Freecharge Balance Account. No interest will be payable by the 
                                Bank to Customers on the available balance reflected on the Freecharge Balance Account.
4.9 The Customer is permitted to maintain and operate only one Freecharge Balance Account. 
                                Any suspected non-conformity with this requirement shall be just cause for the suspension/ discontinuation of any/all 
                                Prepaid Payment Accounts associated with the Customer.
4.10 The Bank may further as per its discretion introduce appropriate controls over the usage of the Prepaid Payment Account.
5. NATURE OF USAGE
5.1 The Customer shall at all times ensure that the Freecharge account/ Prepaid Payment Account credentials are kept 
                                safe and shall under no circumstances whatsoever allow the Freecharge Account and Prepaid Payment Account to be used by any other 
                                individual. You shall be responsible for all facilities granted by the Bank and for all 
                                related charges and shall act in good faith in relation to all dealings with the Prepaid Payment Account and the Bank.
5.2 The Customer will be responsible for the security of the Prepaid Payment Account including Freecharge account and shall take 
                                all steps towards ensuring the safekeeping thereof. The Customer shall not disclose his/her/its password to anyone verbally 
                                or in writing nor record it elsewhere and if so done, same shall be at Customers’ sole risk and peril.
5.3. The Customer will be liable for all charges incurred on the Prepaid Payment Account until the Prepaid Payment Account is 
                                reported for closure. You shall, immediately intimate the Bank of the occurrence of any fraud, hacking or unauthorised use and 
                                the Bank may, after due investigations, suspend or terminate the Prepaid Payment Account. 
                                It shall be solely Customers responsibility to ensure privacy and confidentiality of Prepaid Payment Account details.
5.4 On creation of Prepaid Payment Account, You will have the opportunity to use various interactive aspects 
                                through which You can communicate with us and share information (collectively
"Posted Information"
). 
                                It is important that You act responsibly when providing such Posted Information. Do not use inappropriate language, 
                                make gratuitous personal criticisms or comments. When participating in interactive aspects of the Service, please 
                                do include all relevant information in a concise manner to help us provide You with a constructive response. 
                                You agree and acknowledge that:
5.4.1 You are solely responsible for any Posted Information that You submit on the Website or transmit to our Team and/or 
                                other users of the Website;
5.4.2 You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without 
                                obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. You may not submit any content or material that 
                                infringes, misappropriates or violates the intellectual property, publicity, privacy or other rights of any party;
5.4.3 You may not provide any Posted Information that falsely expresses or implies that such content or material is sponsored or endorsed by the Bank;
5.4.4 You may not provide any Posted Information that is unlawful or that promotes or encourages illegal activity;
5.4.5 You understand and agree that the Bank may (but is not obligated to) 
                                review and delete any Posted Information that in the sole discretion of the Bank violates 
                                these Terms or which might be offensive, illegal, or violate the rights of, harm, or threaten the safety of other users of 
                                the Website and/or any other person;
5.4.6 You acknowledge and agree that the Bank does not and shall not be required to actively monitor nor exercise any editorial control 
                                whatsoever over the content of any message or other material or information created, obtained or accessible through the Services. 
                                The Bank does not endorse, verify or otherwise certify the contents of any comments or other material or information made by You. 
                                You are solely responsible for the contents 
                                of Your communications and may be held legally liable or accountable for the content of Your comments or other material or information;
5.4.7 You agree that You will only provide Posted Information that 
                                You believe to be true and You will not purposely provide false or misleading information; and
5.4.8 The following is a partial list of the kind of content and communications that are illegal or prohibited on/through 
                                the Website. The Bank reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action in its sole discretion 
                                against anyone who violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending communication 
                                from the Services and terminating the membership of such violators or blocking Your use of the Services and/or 
                                the Website. You may not post content that:
(a) belongs to another person and to which You do not have any right to;
(b) is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libellous, 
                                invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or 
                                encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever;
(c) harm minors in any way;
(d) infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights;
(e) violates any law for the time being in force;
(f) deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages 
                                or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;
(g) impersonates another person;
(h) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs 
                                designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource;
(i) threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes 
                                incitement to the commission of any cognizable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting any other nation.
5.5. You will notify the Bank at care@freecharge.com upon coming across any objectionable 
                                content on the Website and the Bank shall use best efforts to remove such objectionable content within the time period prescribed under Applicable Law.
5.6. The Customer shall inform the Bank in writing within seven (7) days, if any discrepancies exist in the Transactions/ particulars of the Freecharge 
                                Balance Account on any statement / records that is made available to the Customer. If the Bank does not receive any information to the contrary within seven (7) days, 
                                the statement and the transactions shall be deemed to be correct and unconditionally and irrevocably binding on You. All records of Your 
                                instructions and such other details (including but not limited to payments made or received) maintained by the Bank, in electronic or 
                                documentary form pursuant to the Terms and Conditions herein, shall as against You, be deemed to be conclusive evidence of such instructions 
                                and such other details. In case of any dispute relating to the time of reporting and/ or Transaction/s made on the Freecharge Balance Account 
                                or any other matter in relation to the said Freecharge Balance Account, the Bank shall reserve the right to ascertain the time and/ or the 
                                authenticity of the disputed Transaction. For customer care contact details, kindly refer to the customer 
                                grievance policy available on www.freecharge.in.
5.7. You may only use the Services for Transactions with the approved Merchants.
5.8. You must ensure the availability of sufficient funds before executing any Transaction from the Prepaid Payment Account.
5.9. You agree to adhere to all Applicable Laws and all such regulations, guidelines and rules 
                                prescribed from time to time by the Bank, RBI and any other regulatory body.
5.10. The Customer agrees that he will not use the Prepaid Payment Account for payment of any illegal/unlawful purchases/purposes.
5.11. You hereby agree and acknowledge that the Prepaid Payment Account is issued, loaded, withdrawn, 
                                terminated, closed down, suspended by the Bank only.
5.12. You shall be bound to comply with the terms and conditions and all the policies stipulated by the Bank from time to time in relation to the Prepaid Payment Account. The Bank may, at its sole 
                                discretion, refuse to accept the application or to issue Prepaid Payment Account to the Customer.
5.13. You shall not use the Services for any purpose that might be construed as contrary or repugnant to any Applicable Laws, regulations, guidelines, 
                                judicial dicta, the Banks policies or public policy or for any purpose that might negatively prejudice the goodwill of the Bank.
5.14. You shall be permitted to redeem the outstanding balance in the Prepaid Payment Account , 
                                if for any reason the scheme is being wound up or is directed by RBI to be discontinued.
5.15. You shall accept full responsibility for wrongful use of the Prepaid Payment Account and which is in 
                                contravention of these terms and conditions. You shall indemnify the Bank and Freecharge and their respective 
                                director, officers, personnel, contractors and agents, to make good any loss, damage, penalties, claims, demand, 
                                interest or any other financial charges (including lawyer fees) that the aforesaid persons may incur and or suffer
                                 whether directly or indirectly as a result of the Customer committing violations of these terms and conditions.
5.16. The Bank reserves the absolute discretion and liberty to decline or honour the authorization request on 
                                the Prepaid Payment Account without assigning any reason thereto.
5.17. The Customer acknowledges and understands that the Services are linked to internet connection (and in case of mobile, 
                                mobile phone connection) and the Bank or its authorised service providers shall not be responsible and the Customer is solely 
                                responsible for all liability arising from including but not limited to any loss or interruption of 
                                the Services or the unavailability of Services due to a mobile or internet not supporting Website or Merchant site(s).
5.18. The Customer acknowledge and understand that the information submitted by the Customer for availing the Services or 
                                information submitted while using 
                                the Services may be shared with third parties inter alia, to facilitate the provision of the Services.
5.19. The Bank may request the Customer to submit additional KYC information/documents as part of ongoing monitoring and due diligence.
5.20. The Bank may at their sole discretion, utilize the services of external service providers/or agents and on such terms as 
                                required or necessary, in relation to Freecharge Balance and/or Services.
5.21. The Prepaid Payment Account shall not be used for the purchase of crypto currency.
6.
INFORMATION/DATA USAGE
6.1.Except for Posted Information that You submit, all of the information available on or through the Services and/or the Website, including without 
                                limitation, text, photographs, graphics and video and audio content, is owned by us and our licensors and is protected by copyright, 
                                trademark, patent and trade secret laws, other proprietary rights and international treaties. You acknowledge that the Services and any 
                                underlying technology or software used in connection with the Services contain the Bank’s proprietary information. 
                                We give You permission to use the aforementioned content for personal, non-commercial purposes only and do not grant, 
                                transfer, license any intellectual property rights to You or create any rights in Your favour by virtue of permitting 
                                Your use of the Services. You may print, download, and store information from the Website for your own convenience, 
                                but You may not copy, distribute, republish (except as permitted in this paragraph), sell, or exploit any of the content, 
                                or exploit the Website in whole or in part, for any commercial gain or purpose whatsoever. Except as is expressly 
                                and unambiguously provided herein, we do not grant You any express or implied rights.
6.2. THE CUSTOMER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS PROVIDED ON MERCHANTS SITE(S) SHALL 
                                BE INDEPENDENT OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS MENTIONED HEREIN.
7. TRANSACTION AND LOADING OF PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT
7.1 You can use multiple funding sources for loading money in the Prepaid Payment Account. 
                                These sources could be but not limited to, Credit Cards, Debit Cards, UPI, Net Banking, and transfer from another Freecharge Wallet.
7.2 The Prepaid Payment Account may also be loaded by transfer of refund money of Transactions carried out using services of Merchant(s) or such other manner as is acceptable to the Bank. The Prepaid Payment Account may also comprise of Gift Instruments issued by way 
                                of incentives such as cash back, etc. by Merchant or third parties or such other manner as is acceptable to the Bank.
7.3 The Bank may impose charges/ fees etc., payable by the Customer for availing the said Prepaid Payment Account and funds shall be 
                                loaded on the Prepaid Payment Account after deduction of the applicable charges/ fees etc.
7.4 In order to manage risk, the Bank may limit the funding sources available for Your use to fund any particular Transaction.
7.5 The Bank may monitor each Transaction made into Your Prepaid Payment Account to monitor high-risk & fraudulent transactions. If Your Transaction is classified as a high-risk Transaction or is suspected of fraud, the Bank may place a hold on the Transaction and may ask You for more information on You and Your funding source. The Bank will conduct a review and accordingly the Bank will either clear or cancel the Transaction, as per Applicable Law. If the Transaction is cleared, Bank will notify You and update Your Prepaid Payment Account. Otherwise, the Bank will cancel the Transaction and the funds may be forfeited. The said funds will be refundable only to source account upon valid demand raised by holder of source account. The Bank will notify You by email and/or in 
                                the account history tab of Your Prepaid Payment Account if the Transaction is cancelled. You agree and understand that the Bank may, as per its internal security policies and regulatory and statutory guidelines, report transactions to appropriate authorities which it classify to be suspicious or fraudulent and the Bank shall not be liable for any loss caused to You for the exercise of such rights by the Bank, even if any such transaction is found to be regular and lawful at a later stage.
7.6 When You load the Prepaid Payment Account, You are liable to the Bank for the full amount of the load plus any fees, if the load is later invalidated for any reason including but not limited to chargeback, reversal of Transaction, dispute by the owner of funding source of a Transaction, You agree to allow the Bank to recover any amounts due to the Bank by debiting Your Prepaid Payment Account. If there are insufficient funds in Your Prepaid Payment Account to cover Your liability, You agree to reimburse the Bank through other means. If the Bank is unable to recover the funds from Your primary funding source, the Bank may attempt to contact You and/or 
                                recover the funds from Your alternate funding sources, or may at their discretion, can take appropriate legal actions to collect the amount due, to the extent allowed by Applicable Law. In addition, the Bank reserves the right to suspend or terminate Your Prepaid Payment Account.
8. TRANSACTIONS IN PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT
8.1 Full KYC Customer can choose to transfer the funds available in his Freecharge Wallet to any bank account by way of 
                                IMPS/NEFT in accordance with guidelines of RBI. 
                                However, the Bank may deny such withdrawal in any of the events as specified in Clause 10.2 herein below.
8.2 The Bank reserves the right to delay withdrawals while screening for risk, or request You provide additional 
                                information to verify Your identity and may limit the amount You can withdraw until the information is verified.
8.3  Any withdrawal found to be suspicious will be held back and reversed into the Freecharge Wallet. The Prepaid Payment Account and 
                                Freecharge Account will also be 
                                suspended for operations and no Transactions will be possible pending an investigation. 
                                A notification will be given to You if You are the subject of an investigation. If You are able to provide a justification for the 
                                withdrawal to the satisfaction of the Bank, Your account/Prepaid Payment Account will be removed from suspension and You would be 
                                free to transact using the Freecharge Wallet.
8.4 In the case of no information being provided by You for a suspended Prepaid Payment Account, the Prepaid Payment Account 
                                will continue to be suspended till its validity and the amount will be forfeited in compliance with guidelines of RBI.
9. SUSPENSION OR DISCONTINUANCE OF SERVICES
9.1 Under no circumstances shall the Bank or any of its authorised service provider shall be held liable for a 
                                delay or failure or disruption of the Service resulting directly or indirectly from, acts of nature, forces or 
                                causes beyond its reasonable control including without limitation, internet failures, computer, telecommunications 
                                or any other equipment failures, electrical power failures or non-availability, strikes, labour disputes, riots, 
                                insurrections, civil disturbances, sabotage, wilful destruction, threat to national security, shortages of labour 
                                or materials, fire, flood, heavy rains, storms, explosions, Acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of courts 
                                or tribunals or non-performance of third parties ("
Force Majuere
").
9.2 The Bank reserves the right, without prior notice and at its sole discretion, to suspend, restrict, discontinue 
                                or deny access to or Your use of Services provided by the Bank:
9.2.1 if You use or the Prepaid Payment Account is used or suspected to be used to defraud any person or entity;
9.2.2 if You use the Prepaid Payment Account to engage in any unlawful activities including without limitation 
                                those which would constitute the infringement of intellectual property rights, a civil liability or a criminal offence;
9.2.3 if You engage in any activities that would otherwise create any liability for the Bank or for any of its contractors or agents;
9.2.4 for any suspected discrepancy in the particular(s), online application, documentation provided by the Customer;
9.2.5 any Force Majeure reasons;
9.2.6 if the same is due to technical failure, modification, upgradation, variation, 
                                relocation, repair, and/or maintenance due to any emergency or for any technical reasons;
9.2.7 for any suspected violation of the rules, regulations, orders, directions, notifications 
                                issued by RBI and/or any other regulatory authority from time to time or for any violation of the terms and conditions mentioned herein; or
9.2.8 if the Bank believes, in its reasonable opinion, that cessation/ suspension is necessary
10. TERMINATION OF PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT
10.1 Customer has the option to close the Prepaid Payment Account at any time. The closure of such Prepaid Payment Account may be communicated to the Bank over 
                                email at care@freecharge.com. Termination will be effective subject to payment of all amounts outstanding on the Prepaid Payment Account and there is no unused Gift Instrument. 
                                In case the Customer wishes to close the Prepaid Payment Account and there is balance in the Freecharge Wallet, the Customer can request the Bank to transfer the funds to his/her 
                                own bank account (duly verified by the Bank) after complying with the KYC requirements. Balance lying in Gift 
                                Instruments cannot be transferred to a bank account in case of closure of the Prepaid Payment Account.
10.2 The Bank may also restrict, terminate or suspend the use of Prepaid Payment Account at any time without prior notice if the Bank reasonably believes it 
                                necessary for business or security reasons. The Prepaid Payment Account must not be used after Prepaid Payment Account is suspended for 
                                reasons mentioned under Clause 9 of this Document.
10.3 The Bank shall, upon adequate verification, block/suspend/close the Prepaid Payment Account and terminate all facilities in 
                                relation thereto following the 
                                receipt of such intimation and shall not be liable for any inconvenience or loss caused to the Customer in this regard.
10.4 Any value in Freecharge Wallet which is not utilized or withdrawn within 10 years from the date of issuance will be 
                                transferred to the Depositor Education and Awareness Fund. The Bank will send forty five (45) days advance 
                                communication to Customer before any forfeiture of outstanding amount in the Prepaid Payment Account by SMS at 
                                the mobile number and/or by email at email id which is provided by Customer for use of the Services. It is the 
                                responsibility of the Customer to ensure that the information provided by the Customer including the email id 
                                and the mobile number is updated at all times.
11. YOUR OTHER OBLIGATIONS
11.1 You shall be solely liable for entering into any Transaction and the risk arising thereof.
11.2 You accept that at Your request and risk, the Bank has agreed to provide You the Prepaid Payment 
                                Account and You accept full responsibility for all Transactions recorded by use of Your Prepaid Payment Account.
11.3 An instruction given by means of the Prepaid Payment Account shall be irrevocable.
11.4 You shall, in all circumstances, accept full responsibility for the use of the Prepaid
                                Payment Account, whether or not processed with Your knowledge or Your authority, expressed 
                                or implied unless same is covered as per clause 13
11.5 You irrevocably authorize the Bank to debit the amounts 
                                utilized by using the Prepaid Payment Account for Transactions from Your Prepaid Payment Account.
11.6 You irrevocably authorize the Bank to debit the amounts utilized by using the Prepaid Payment 
                                Account for Transactions from Your Prepaid Payment Account.
11.7 The Bank will employ its best efforts in carrying out the 
                                Transactions but will not incur any liability either to the Customer or any other person for any reason
                                 whatsoever including for its delay or inability to carry out a Transaction or an instruction.
11.8 Any government charges, or debits, or tax payable as a result of the use of Prepaid Payment Account shall be Your responsibility.
11.9 Amounts due and payable by Customer, if not paid separately shall be recovered by the Bank from the funds available in the 
                                Prepaid Payment Account to the extent permitted under Applicable Laws.
11.10 The Bank shall have discretion to not allow You to carry out a Transaction where it has reason to believe that the 
                                use of Prepaid Payment Account is not authorized or the Transaction appears ambiguous or unclear or such as to raise a doubt.
12. WINDING UP OF PREPAID PAYMENT ACCOUNT AND CONSEQUENCES THERE TO
12.1 To the extent permitted under Applicable Laws, the Bank may at its sole 
                                discretion close or wind up any Prepaid Payment Account Services or amend any of its features with notice to You.
12.2 You hereby agree that, upon any closure or winding up of the Prepaid Payment Account Services, You may 
                                redeem the outstanding balance in Your Prepaid Payment Account or transfer the same to any prepaid payment 
                                instrument or bank account held/maintained by you with any third party with in such time as may be 
                                determined by the Bank, failing which, the Bank may transfer the balance in Your Prepaid Payment 
                                Account to Your another prepaid payment instrument issued by such entity having authorisation from 
                                RBI and with which the Bank has made appropriate arrangements.
12.3 In the unfortunate event of the death of the Customer, Freecharge acknowledges the importance of providing support 
                                to the nominee of the deceased. The nominee can contact Freecharge at care@freecharge.com for any additional queries or 
                                concerns regarding the user's account information/claim(s). Freecharge will make every effort to assist the nominee in 
                                accessing and managing the user's account in accordance with our policies and applicable laws.
13.
INDEMNITY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
13.1. The liability of the Bank or Customer for any unauthorized transaction shall be:
13.1.1. Zero Liability of a Customer- A customer’s entitlement to zero liability shall arise where the 
                                unauthorized transaction occurs in the following manner:
(a) Contributory fraud/ negligence/ deficiency on the part of the bank (irrespective of whether or not 
                                the transaction is reported by the Customer)
(b) Third party breach where the deficiency lies neither with the bank nor with the customer but lies elsewhere 
                                in the system, and the customer notifies the bank within
three working days
of receiving the communication from 
                                the bank regarding the unauthorised transaction.
13.1.2. Limited Liability of a Customer- A Customer shall be liable for the loss occurring due to unauthorised 
                                transactions in the following cases:
(a) In cases where the loss is due to negligence by a customer, such as where he has shared the payment credentials, 
                                the Customer will bear the entire loss until he reports the unauthorised transaction to the Bank. Any loss occurring after the 
                                reporting of the unauthorised transaction shall be borne by the Bank.
(b) In cases where the responsibility for the unauthorised electronic banking transaction lies neither with the Bank nor with 
                                the Customer, but lies elsewhere in the system and when there is a delay (of
four to seven working days
after receiving the 
                                communication from the bank) on the part of the Customer in notifying the Bank of such a transaction, the per transaction 
                                liability of the customer shall be limited to the transaction value or Rs 10,000/- whichever is lower.
13.1.3. In case the Customer notifies the Bank
after seven working days
of receiving the communication from the Bank regarding 
                                the unauthorized transaction, the Bank shall evaluate and determine the same as per the Bank’s board approved policy.
Subject to above clause 13.1.2, on being notified of any unathorised trasanction, the Bank shall credit the amount involved in authorised 
                                transaction to Customer Prepaid Payment Account if it fails to resolve the complaint within 10 working days from the date of notification.
13.2. The cumulative liability of the Bank to You for any and all other claims (other than claims mentioned in Clause 13.1) relating to or 
                                arising out of Your use of the Website or Services, regardless of the form of action, exceed INR 1000/- (Indian Rupees One thousand only) 
                                or as per applicable law, whichever is lower.
13.3 In consideration of the Bank providing the Customer with the facility of the Prepaid Payment Account, You hereby agree to indemnify and 
                                keep the Bank indemnified from and against all actions, claims, demands, proceedings, losses, damages, personal injury, costs, charges and 
                                expenses whatsoever (including lawyer's fees) which the Bank or its service providers may at any time incur, sustain, suffer or be put to as 
                                a consequence of or by reason of or arising out of directly or indirectly providing the Customer the said facility of the Prepaid Payment 
                                Account or by reason of the Bank's acting in good faith and taking or refusing to take or omitting to take action on the Customer's 
                                instructions, and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of the negligence, mistake or misconduct of the Customer; breach 
                                or noncompliance of the rules/ terms and conditions relating to the Prepaid Payment Account or breach or noncompliance of Applicable 
                                Law or fraud or dishonesty relating to any Transaction by the Customer.
13.4 Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Bank or its authorised service providers shall be under no liability whatsoever to the 
                                Customer in respect of any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly out of:
13.4.1 Any issue relating to the Products from Merchant;
13.4.2 the refusal to honour or to accept the Prepaid Payment Account registration;
13.4.3 the malfunction of any computer/point of sale terminal;
13.4.4 effecting Transaction instructions other than by a Customer;
13.4.5 handing over of the Prepaid Payment Account credentials by the Customer to a third Party;
13.4.6 the exercise by the Bank of their right to demand and procure the surrender of the Prepaid 
                                Payment Account prior to the expiry, whether such demand and surrender is made and/ or procured by 
                                the Bank or by any person or computer terminal.
13.4.7 the exercise by the Bank of their right to terminate any Prepaid Payment Account;
13.4.8 any injury to the credit, character and reputation of the Customer alleged to have been 
                                caused by the repossession of the Prepaid Payment Account and/ or, any request for its return or 
                                the refusal of any Merchant honour or accept the Prepaid Payment Account;
13.4.9 any misstatement, misrepresentation, error or omission in any details disclosed by the Bank 
                                except as otherwise required by law;
13.4.10 If the Bank receives any process, summons, order injunction, execution distrait, levy, lien, 
                                information or notice which the Bank in good faith believes/ calls into question the Customer's ability, 
                                or the ability of someone purporting to be authorized by the Customer, to transact on the Prepaid Payment 
                                Account, the Bank may, at its option and without liability to the Customer or such other person, decline to 
                                allow the Customer to obtain any portion of his funds, or may pay such funds over to an appropriate authority 
                                and take any other steps required by Applicable Law. The Bank reserves the right to deduct from the balance 
                                available on the Prepaid Payment Account, a service charge and any expenses it incurs, including without limitation 
                                legal fees, due to legal action involving the Customer's Prepaid Payment Account;
13.4.11 In the event a demand or claim for settlement of outstanding dues from the Customer is made, either by the 
                                Bank or any person acting on behalf of the Bank, the Customer agrees and acknowledges that such demand or claim shall 
                                not amount to be an act of defamation or an act prejudicial to or reflecting upon the character of the Customer, in any manner.
13.5 Each party acknowledges that the other party has entered into these Terms and Conditions relying on the limitations 
                                of liability stated herein and that those limitations are an essential basis of the bargain between the parties. The exclusions 
                                and limitations of liability contained in this Section 13 shall not apply to damages arising out of or relating to gross 
                                negligence or wilful misconduct of a Party; or caused by breach of Applicable Laws, obligation of confidentiality or infringement 
                                of intellectual property rights.
14. SPAMMING
14.1 You may not use contact information provided by us or other users or harvest such information for the purpose 
                                of sending, or to facilitate the sending, of unsolicited bulk communications such as spam. You may not allow others 
                                to use Your account to violate the terms of this section. We may terminate Your membership or access to the Website 
                                immediately and take other legal action if You or anyone using Your credentials violates these provisions.
15. ADDITIONAL TERMS
15.1 Certain services on the Website may have additional terms (such as policies, guidelines, and rules) that will further 
                                govern Your use of that particular service and supplement these Terms. If You choose to register for or access any such services, 
                                You will be presented with any relevant additional terms and conditions at that time. By using those services, You agree to comply 
                                with such additional guidelines and rules.
16. DISCLAIMER
16.1 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, AND THE BANK HEREBY 
                                EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF CONDITION, QUALITY, 
                                DURABILITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. 
                                ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS, UNDERTAKINGS AND TERMS ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, 
                                THE BANK MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE VALIDITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, STABILITY, COMPLETENESS OR CURRENTNESS 
                                OF ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE. Use of the Service is at Your own risk. No advice or information, whether oral or 
                                written, obtained by You from the Bank or through the Services will create any warranty not expressly stated herein. Without limiting the 
                                foregoing, the Bank does not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable or correct; that the Services will meet Your requirements; 
                                that the Services will be available at any particular time or location, uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors will be 
                                corrected; or that the Services is free of viruses or other harmful components. The Bank will not be liable for any loss or damage 
                                whatsoever or howsoever caused or arising, directly or indirectly, including without limitation, as a result of loss of data; interruption or 
                                stoppage of access to and/or use of the Services; interruption or stoppage Website; non-availability of connectivity links/hyperlinks.
16.2 Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Service is done at each Customer's sole discretion and 
                                risk and each Customer is solely responsible for any damage to its computer system or property or loss of data that results from 
                                the download of any such material.
16.3 The Bank does not warrant, endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for Products advertised or offered by a third party 
                                through the Services or any hyperlinked website or Service, or featured in any banner or other advertising, and the Bank will not 
                                be a party to or in any way monitor any Transaction between You and third-party providers of goods and/ or services. 
                                Any advertisement by a third party through the Services shall not constitute or deems to constitute as advice or 
                                solicitation for sale/purchase of third party products or services by Axis Bank and is not intended to create any rights and obligations.
16.4 The Services are controlled and operated from and in India. The Bank and/or its authorized service provider(s) makes no 
                                representations that the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Services 
                                from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are entirely responsible for compliance with all Applicable Laws, rules, 
                                regulations, guidelines including but not limited to export and import regulations and RBI regulations. You may not use the Service 
                                if You are a resident of a country embargoed by the India, or are a foreign person or entity blocked or denied by the Indian government. 
                                Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all materials found on the Services are solely directed to individuals, companies, or other entities 
                                located in India.
16.5 The Banks sole obligation and Your sole and exclusive remedy in the event of interruption in Services or loss of use and/or access to 
                                Services, will be to use all reasonable endeavours to restore the Services and/or access as soon as reasonably possible.
16.6 The Bank makes no representations or guarantees regarding Merchants utilizing Prepaid Payment Account. Use of Prepaid Payment Account 
                                in no way represents any endorsement by the Bank of a Merchant's existence, legitimacy/legality, ability, policies, practices, beliefs as well 
                                as the Merchants Products and reliability. The Merchant alone will be responsible to the Customer and neither we nor anybody connected to us 
                                will have any responsibility or liability towards the Customer for goods and services purchased from the Merchant.
16.7 The relationship between the Bank and the Merchant is on principal-to-principal basis.
17. ADDITION, ALTERATION, WITHDRAWAL OF SERVICES AND AMENDMNET OF TERMS & CONDITIONS
:
17.1 The Bank may, at its sole discretion, and to the extent permissible under Applicable Laws, make available to the Customer more
                                services or make alteration in the services on the Prepaid Payment Account, point of sale terminals, internet or other wise and/ or other
                                 devices through shared networks for the Customer's convenience and use. All fees and charges related to Transactions done by the Customer 
                                 at these devices as determined by the Bank from time to time will be recovered by a debit to the balance available on the Prepaid Payment 
                                 Account. The Customer understands and agrees that the shared networks may provide different functionalities and service offerings and different 
                                 charges for different services. The Bank shall also, in its sole discretion, at any time, without notice to the Customer, be entitled to withdraw, 
                                 discontinue, cancel, suspend/ or terminate the facility to use the Prepaid Payment Account and/ or services related to it, 
                                 at POS Terminal/ Internet/ other devices within India and shall not be liable to the Customer for any loss or damage suffered 
                                 by him resulting in any way from such withdrawal, discontinuance, cancellation, suspension or termination.
17.2 We have the right, at our sole and absolute discretion, to change, modify, or amend any portion of these Terms of Service at any 
                                time by posting notification on https://www.freecharge.in or otherwise communicating the notification to You. The changes will become 
                                effective, and shall be deemed accepted by You, after the initial posting and shall apply on a going-forward basis with respect to 
                                Transactions initiated after the posting date. You should make sure You view these Terms and Conditions periodically to make sure 
                                You are familiar with their most recent version. In the event that You do not agree with any such modification, Your sole and 
                                exclusive remedy is to terminate Your use of the Services.
18. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
18.1 The Bank reserves the right to disclose the Customer's information to any court of competent jurisdiction, 
                                quasi-judicial authorities, law enforcement agencies, regulatory authority and any other wing of Central Government 
                                or State Government. The Customer hereby consents to sharing of their information with the Bank and its authorized 
                                service provider(s) or agencies or partners for providing Services in relation to the Prepaid Payment Account.
18.2 Any information relating to the Customer is generally used to provide the Services, improve the Services and 
                                otherwise for a detailed overview of what kind of information that the Bank collects, stores, uses, shares, please 
                                go through the privacy policy available on the Website.
18.3 The user interfaces, graphics, logos, design, compilation, information, computer code (including source code 
                                and object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of the Service provided by the Bank are 
                                protected by copyright, designs, patent, and trademark laws, international conventions and other applicable 
                                intellectual property and proprietary rights of either the Bank or authorised service provider(s) of the Bank.
18.4 Nothing contained herein shall authorize the Customer to use, apply, invade or in any manner exploit or 
                                infringe the intellectual property rights of the Bank, and the usage of the same shall be in compliance with 
                                these Terms and Conditions and such approval and policies as may be notified from time to time. In addition, 
                                Customer undertakes not to infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party.
18.5 The Customer undertakes not to infringe the intellectual property rights of the Bank, whether directly 
                                or indirectly through any third party. The Customer warrants that it shall only use the Website, software 
                                application and the Services for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions. Customer or any other person 
                                empowered by the Customer shall not use the Website and software application and/or the Bank’s services 
                                and software in any form whatsoever, so as to:
18.5.1 design, realize, distribute or market a similar or equivalent software program;
18.5.2 adapt, modify, transform or rearrange the Bank or its third party service provider's 
                                software applications and Website or Merchant website for any reason whatsoever, including for 
                                the purpose, among other things, of creating a new software program or a derivative software program;
18.5.3 allow unauthorized use of or access to the Bank software applications and Merchant's website;
18.5.4 disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile, decode or attempt to decode the Bank software applications and Merchant's website;
18.5.5 allow the Bank software applications and Merchant's website to be disassembled, reverse engineered, decompiled or decoded; and/or
18.5.6 in any way override or break down any protection system integrated into the Bank software applications and Merchant's website.
19. DISPUTES
19.1 These Terms and Conditions will be governed by and be construed in accordance with the laws of India. All disputes are subject 
                                to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts in New Delhi, irrespective of whether any other Court may have concurrent jurisdiction 
                                in the matter. Each party hereby irrevocably waives any objection which such party may now or hereafter have to the laying of 
                                improper venue or forum non convenience. Each party agrees that a judgment in any such action or proceeding may be enforced 
                                in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any manner provided by law.
20. COMMUNICATION
20.1 When You use the Services or send emails or other data, information or communication to the Bank, You are aware of the 
                                risks involved in sending email Instructions, including the risk that email Instructions may: (a) be fraudulently or mistakenly 
                                written, altered or sent; and (b) not be received in whole or in part by the intended recipient; You declare and confirm that 
                                the You are fully aware of and having duly considered, the risks involved, (which risks shall be borne fully by You) have 
                                requested and authorised the Bank to rely upon and act on Instructions which may from time to time be given by email as 
                                mentioned above. The Bank may (but shall not be obliged to) act as aforesaid without inquiry as to You identity or 
                                authority giving or purporting to give any instruction or as to the authenticity of any email message and may treat 
                                the same as fully authorised by and binding on You regardless of the circumstances prevailing at the time of the 
                                instruction and notwithstanding any error, misunderstanding, lack of clarity, fraud, forgery, or lack of authority 
                                in relation thereto, and without requiring any confirmation provided that the concerned person acting on behalf of 
                                the Bank believed the instruction to be genuine at the time it was acted upon.
20.2 You consent to receive communications via electronic records from the Bank periodically and as and when required. 
                                The Bank will communicate with You by email or by notices on Your Prepaid Payment Account or electronic records on 
                                the Website which will be deemed adequate service of notice / electronic record. You hereby waive all your rights 
                                to challenge the service of documents under any and all legal proceedings if the document is served on your designated 
                                electronic address including Your Prepaid Payment Account in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000.
20.3 Notwithstanding anything contained herein or elsewhere, the Bank shall not be bound to act in accordance with 
                                the whole or any part of the instructions or directions contained in any Instruction and may in its sole discretion 
                                and exclusive determination, decline or omit to act pursuant to any instruction, or defer acting in accordance with 
                                any instruction, and the same shall be at Your risk and the Bank shall not be liable for the consequences of any 
                                such refusal or omission to act or deferment of action.
20.4 Customers can contact the Bank at any of the below mentioned points: Email to care@freecharge.com.
21. FEES AND CHARGES
21.1 All fees and charges related to Prepaid Payment Account, as determined by the Bank will be 
                                recovered by a debit to the Prepaid Payment Account or through other means as available and applicable. 
                                The fee is not refundable. Any government charges, duty or debits, or tax payable as a result of the use 
                                of the Prepaid Payment Account shall be the Customer's responsibility and if imposed upon the Bank (either 
                                directly or indirectly), the Bank shall debit such charges, duty or tax against the Prepaid Payment Account.
21.2. The Bank reserves the right at any time to charge the Customer any fees/ charges after providing 
                                one month prior notice for the Transactions carried out by using Your Prepaid Payment Account.
21.3 Charges applicable for using Prepaid Payment Account are subject to change from time to time at the 
                                discretion of the Bank. Details of the currently applicable fees and charges as stipulated by the Bank, 
                                will be displayed on the Website.
Existing Fees/ Schedule of Charges :
Type of Prepaid Payment Account Transaction
Fees
Issuance Fee
NIL
Loading Fee
NIL
Fund Transfer (To another Freecharge Wallet)
NIL
Fund Transfer (To Bank Account)
3% of the Transaction
Goods and Service Tax, unless explicitly stated in this Schedule of Charges, as may be applicable from time to 
                                time on all fees, surcharge and other charges will be levied to the Customer.
22. GENERAL PROVISIONS
22.1
Assignment
: You cannot assign or otherwise transfer this Agreements, or any rights 
                                granted hereunder or any obligations, to any third party and any such assignment or transfer or purported 
                                assignment or transfer shall be void ab initio. The Bank's rights and/or obligations under the Agreement 
                                are freely assignable or otherwise transferable by the Bank to any third parties without the requirement 
                                of seeking Your prior consent. The Bank may inform You of such assignment or transfer in accordance with 
                                the notice requirements under the Agreement on best effort basis.
22.2
Severability
: If, for any reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision 
                                of the Agreement, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum 
                                extent permissible so as to give effect to the intent of the parties as reflected by that provision, 
                                and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. The Bank may amend in a 
                                reasonable manner such provision to make it enforceable and such amendment will be given effect in 
                                accordance with the amendment terms of this Agreement.
22.3
Waiver
: Any failure or delay by a party to enforce or exercise any provision 
                                of the Agreement, or any related right, shall not constitute a waiver by such party of that 
                                provision or right. The exercise of one or more of a party’s rights hereunder shall not be a 
                                waiver of, or preclude the exercise of, any rights or remedies available to such party under this 
                                Agreement or in law or at equity. Any waiver by a party shall only be made in writing and executed by a duly authorized officer of such party.
22.4
Force Majeure
: If performance of any service or obligation under this Agreement by the Bank is prevented, restricted, 
                                delayed or interfered with by reason of labor disputes, strikes, acts of God, floods, lightning, severe weather, shortages of 
                                materials, rationing, utility or communication failures, earthquakes, war, revolution, acts of terrorism, civil commotion, 
                                acts of public enemies, blockade, embargo or any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand or requirement 
                                having legal effect of any government or any judicial authority or representative of any such government, unavailability 
                                of any communication system, breach, interruption or breakdown or virus/malware/bugs in the processes or systems used for 
                                provision of Services, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and storage devise, computer crashes, breach 
                                of security and encryption, etc. or any other act whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to those referred to in this clause, 
                                which are beyond the reasonable control of the Bank or its third parties performing such services as sub-contractor to the Bank 
                                and could not have been prevented by reasonable precautions (each, a "Force Majeure Event"), then the Bank shall be excused from 
                                such performance to the extent of and during the period of such Force Majeure Event. The Bank shall exercise all reasonable 
                                commercial efforts to continue to perform its obligations hereunder.
22.5 Notwithstanding the foregoing, such terms of this Agreement as are meant to survive termination / expiry of this Agreement, 
                                will survive indefinitely unless and until the Bank chooses to terminate them.
22.6 If You have any questions or concerns about this Agreement, please send us a thorough description to care@freecharge.com. 
                                We strive to respond to all User requests.
22.7 If You have any questions or claims of copyright infringement, please contact us at care@freecharge.com
Terms and Conditions for Freecharge balance account issued by Axis Bank Limited (in Hindi)
अंतिम बार 08 अगस्त, 2048 को अद्यतन किया गया
यह दस्तावेज भारतीय कानून का अनुपालन करते हुए प्रकाशित किया गया है और द्वारा नियमित होगा, इसमें
                            () भारतीय अनुबंध अधिनियम, 872; (॥) सूचना प्रौद्योगिकी अधिनियम, 2000, इसके अंतर्गत बनाए गए नियम,
                            विनियम, दिशानिर्देश और स्पष्टीकरण; (॥) भुगतान और निपटान प्रणाली अधिनियम, 2007 और इसके अंतर्गत
                            बनाए गए लागू नियम, विनियम और दिशानिर्देश; और (।४) भारतीय रिजर्व बैंक अधिनियम, 934 और बैंक के
                            किए प्रीपेड पेमेंट इंस्ट्रमेंट के निर्गामन और परिचालन के लिए और धन हस्तांतरण के लिए इसके अंतर्गत बनाए
                            गए लागू नियम, विनियम और दिशानिर्देश शामित्र है लेकिन जो इतने तक सीमित नहीं है.
भुगतान और निपटान प्रणाली अधिनियम, 2007 की धारा 2। का अनुपालन करते हुए और जैसा कि भारत में
                                प्रीपेड पेमेंट इंस्ट्रमेंट के निर्गमन और परिचालन पर नीतिगत दिशानिर्देशों के अंतर्गत प्रकटीकरण जाने के लिए
                                आवश्यक है, इस दस्तावेज का प्रकटीकरण किया गया है.
यह अनुबंध आपके और बैंक के बीच कानूनी तौर पर बाध्यकारी दस्तावेज है (नीचे दोनों पदों को परिभाषित
                                किया गया है). इस दस्तावेज के नियम बैंक द्वारा आपको प्रीपेड पेमेंट इंस्ट्रमेंट जारी करने या प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                इंस्ट्रमेंट के आपके उपयोग पर प्रभावी होंगे और फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट और सेवाओं (नीचे परिभाषित) के उपयोग
                                के लिए आपके और बैंक के बीच संबंध नियंत्रित करेंगे. ये नियम बैंक के किसी अन्य उत्पाद या सेवाओं के
                                नियमों और शर्तों के अतिरिक्त हैं और का अल्पीकरण नहीं करते हैं. इससे पहल्ने कि ऐक्सिस बैंक त्रिमिटेड
                                आपको फ्रीचार्ज बैज्रेंस अकाउंट जारी करे या इससे पहत्रे कि आप ऐक्सिस बैंक त्रिमिटेड द्वारा जारी किए गए
                                फ्रीचार्ज बैज्रेंस अकाउंट का उपयोग करें, इन नियमों और शर्तों को ध्यान से पढ़ लें.
फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट प्राप्त करने, स्वीकार करने या उपयोग करने की पेशकश करके, आप बिना शर्त ऐक्सिस
                                बैंक लिमिटेड के साथ नीच निर्धारित नियमों और शर्तों से सहमत हैं और उनके द्वारा बाध्य होंगे.
इन नियमों और शर्तों से सहमत होकर, आप निम्नलिखित अभ्यावेदन करते हैं :
आप 18 (अठारह) वर्ष या उससे अधिक आयु के हैं;
आप 18 (अठारह) वर्ष या उससे अधिक आयु के हैं;आप 18 (अठारह) वर्ष या उससे अधिक आयु के हैं;
आप भारतीय निवासी हैं;
आपको पहले प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट सेवाओं या सिंगल-साइन-ऑन सेवाओं से पहले निलंबित किया या हटाया

                                    नहीं गया है
आपके पास इन नियमों और शर्तों में प्रवेश करने और इसमें निहित सभी नियमों और शर्तों का पालन करने
                                    लिए वैध और बना रहने वाला अधिकार, प्राधिकार और क्षमता है; तथा
आप किसी भी व्यक्ति या इकाई का रूप नहीं धारण कर रहे हैं, या किसी व्यक्ति या इकाई के साथ पहचान,
                                    आयु या संबदधता का गल्नत तरीके से वर्णन या अन्यथा गलत प्रतिनिधित्व नहीं कर रहे हैं.
इन नियमों और शर्तों में आप या आपके सभी संदर्भ वेबसाइट या व्यापारी साइट (साइटों) के उपयोगकर्ताओं
                                        या ग्राहकों को संदर्भित करेंगे. इन नियमों और शर्तों में हम, हमें, या हमारा के सभी संदर्भ, जैसी भी स्थिति
                                        हो सकती है, फ्रीचार्ज और उनके संबंधित सहयोगियों को संदर्भित करेंगे.
परिभाषाएँ
: जब तक संदर्भ अन्यथा माँग नहीं करता है परिभाषित शर्तों का वही अर्थ होगा जो इसमें उनके
                                    लिए आरोपित किया गया है :
ए)
"बागू कानून (कानूनों)"
से आशय सभी लागू केंद्रीय, राज्य और स्थानीय कानूनों, संविधियों, विनियमों, आदेशों
                                        या निर्देशों जैसा कि समय-समय पर संशोधित किए जा सकते हैं, प्रभावी हैं या पुनः अधिनियमित किए जा
                                        सकते है और कानून का बल रखने वाली सीमा तक किसी भी सरकारी प्राधिकरण के आदेश या अन्य विधायी
                                        कार्रवाई और प्रत्येक मामले में, किसी भी उत्तराधिकारी लागू कानून सहित इसके अंतर्गत जारी किए गए किसी
                                        भी कार्यान्वयन वाले विनियम या व्याख्या से होगा;
बी)
"ग्राहक"
से आशय फ्रीचार्ज अकाउंट के पंजीकृत उपयोगकर्ता से होगा जो ऐक्सिस बैंक लिमिटेड से फ्रीचार्ज
                                        बैलेंस अकाउंट भी प्राप्त करता है
सी)
"फ्रीचार्ज अकाउंट"
से आशय किसी व्यापारी या अन्य ग्राहक के साथ लेनदेन करने के प्रयोजनों से ग्राहक
                                        द्वारा "साइन इन" या "साइन अप" पर फ्रीचार्ज द्वारा प्रदान की जाने वाली सेवाओं का उपयोग करके ग्राहक
                                        द्वारा बनाए गए अकाउंट से होगा; जो अन्य बातों के साथ फ्री चार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट तक ग्राहक को पहुँच प्रदान
                                        करता.
डी)
"फ्रीचार्ज बैज्रेंस अकाउंट"
या
"प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट"
से आशय ए) ऐक्सिस बैंक लिमिटेड द्वारा जारी किए
                                        गए आधा बंद प्रीपेड पेमेंट इंस्ट्रमेंट, न्यूनतम केवाईसी या पूर्ण केवाईसी, जैसी भी स्थिति हो, और जो वर्चुअल
                                        पेमेंट अकाउंट ("फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट") के रूप में फ्रीचार्ज पेमेंट टेक्नोल्ॉजीज प्राइवेट लिमिटेड ("फ्रीचार्ज") के साथ
                                        सह-ब्रांडेड है और / या (बी) वर्चुअल पेमेंट अकाउंट ("फ्रीचार्ज गिफ्ट इंस्ट्रमेंट") के रूप में ऐक्सिस बैंक लिमिटेड
                                        द्वारा जारी किए गए प्रीपेड गिफ्ट इंस्ह्रमेंट से होगा, जिसका उपयोग वेबसाइट या व्यापारियों के साइट (साइटों)
                                        पर (ए) व्यापारियों के माध्यम से खरीदी गई / ल्राभ ली गई वस्तुओं और सेवाओं ("उत्पाद") के लिए भुगतान
                                        करने के लिए या लागू कानून के अंतर्गत अनुमत होने पर एक ग्राहक के फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट से दूसरे फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट
                                        में धन हस्तांतरण के लिए या किसी अन्य प्रयोजन के लिए किया जा सकता है, जैसा कि बैंक द्वारा समय-
                                        समय पर निर्दिष्ट किया जा सकता है
ई)
"फ्रीचार्ज'
से आशय कंपनी अधिनियम, 203 के अंतर्गत भारत में निगमित प्राइवेट लिमिटेड कंपनी, फ्रीचार्ज
                                        पेमेंट टेक्नोलॉजीज प्राइवेट लिमिटेड से होगा जिसका पंजीकृत कार्यालय दवितिय तल, रेड फोर्ट कैपिटल पार्श्वनाथ
                                        टॉवर भाई वीर सिंह मार्ग, निकट गोल मार्केट, नई दिल्‍ली - 0020 में है.
एफ)
"फ्रीचार्ज वॉब्रेट"
से आशय वर्चुअल पेमेंट अकाउंट के रूप में ऐक्सिस बैंक लिमिटेड द्वारा जारी किए गए
                                        आधा बंद प्रीपेड पेमेंट इंस्ट्रमेंट, न्यूनतम केवाईसी या पूर्ण केवाईसी, जैसी भी स्थिति हो,से होगा.
जी)
"फ्रीचार्ज गिफ्ट इंस्ट्रूमें"
से आशय वर्चुअल पेमेंट अकाउंट के रूप में ऐक्सिस बैंक लिमिटेड द्वारा जारी
                                        किए गए प्रीपेड गिफ्ट इंस्ड्रमेंट से होगा.
एच)
"व्यापारी (व्यापारियों)"
से आशय विक्रेता (विक्रताओं), खुदरा विक्रेताओं या ई-कॉमर्स मार्केटप्लेस या ऐसी
                                        अन्य व्यावसायिक संस्थाओं से होगा जो ग्राहक से भुगतान एकत्रित करने के लिए भुगतान विकल्प के रूप में
                                        फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट स्वीकार करते हैं.
आई)
"मोबाइत्र एप्त्रिकेशन (एप्न्रिकेशनों)"
से आशय सॉफ़्टवेयर एप्लिकेशन (एप्लिकेशनों) से होगा, जो अन्य
                                        बातों के साथ मोबाइल्न-डिवाइस के माध्यम से फ्रीचार्ज अकाउंट सक्षम बनाते हैं.
जे)
"प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट सेवाएं"
या
"सेवाओं"
से आशय जिस योजना के अंतर्गत बैंक द्वारा प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट
                                        जारी किया जाता है और संबंधित सेवाओं या कार्यक्षमताओं से होगा जैसा कि ग्राहकों को लेनदेन करने में सक्षम
                                        बनाने वाले इस अनुबंध के अंतर्गत विस्तृत विवरण दिया गया है.
के)
"आरबीआई"
से आशय भारतीय रिजर्व बैंक से होगा.
एल)
"एकत्र-साइन-ऑन सेवाओं"
से आशय फ्रीचार्ज अकाउंट या अन्यथा के माध्यम से ग्राहकों को फ्रीचार्ज द्वारा
                                            प्रदान की जाने वाली सेवाओं से होगा. संदेह से बचने के लिए, फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट ऐक्सिस बैंक लिमिटेड
                                            द्वारा जारी किया जाता है लेकिन एकल-साइन-ऑन सेवाओं के माध्यम से इसका उपयोग किया जा सकता है.
मी)
"नियम और शर्तों"
से आशय इन नियमों और शर्तों से होगा;
एन)
"लेनदेन"
से आशय उत्पाद की ऑनलाइन और ऑफ़लाइन खरीद; या उत्पादों की खरीद के लिए या किसी
                                            अन्य निर्दिष्ट उद्देश्य के लिए व्यापारी को; या दूसरे ग्राहक को भुगतान, या फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट के माध्यम
                                            से या किसी अन्य तरीके के माध्यम से, जैसा कि समय-समय पर बैंक द्वारा निर्धारित किया गया है, किसी
                                            अन्य बैंक अकाउंट में धनराशि के हस्तांतरण से होगा और इसमें फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट का लोड / रिल्रोड भी
                                            शामित्र होगा.
ओ)
"वेबसाइट"
से आशय ॥705:/५४५५-॥88०॥४/६७४.॥ डोमेन वाले वेबसाइट या मोबाइल साइट, मोबाइल
                                            एप्लिकेशन (एप्लिकेशनों), या ऑनलाइन फ्रंट एंड या बैक एंड इंटरफेस से होगा जिसके माध्यम से बैंक फ्रीचार्ज
                                            अकाउंट बनने के बाद प्रीपेड पेमेट अकाउंट जारी करेगा.
पी)
"ऐक्सिस बैंक त्रिमिटेड"
या
"बैंक"
से आशय कंपनी अधिनियम, 4956 के अंतर्गत निगमित कंपनी और
                                            बैंकिंग विनियमन अधिनियम, 949 के अर्थ में बैंकिंग कंपनी, ऐक्सिस बैंक ल्रिमिटेड से होगा जिसका पंजीकृत
                                            कार्याल्रय ऐक्सिस बैंक लिमिटेड, 'ब्रिशूल', तृतिय तब, समर्थश्वर मंदिर के सामने, लॉ गार्डन के निकट, एलिसब्रिज,
                                            अहमदाबाद - 380 006 में है.
व्याख्या
2.1  एकवचन के सभी संदर्भो में बहुवचन शामिल होगा और इसके उलट भी होगा और "शामित्र" शब्द को
                                        "सीमाबंधन रहित" समझा जाना चाहिए.
2.2 किसी भी लिंग का आयात करने वाले शब्दों में अन्य लिंग शामित्र हैं.
2.3 किसी भी संविधि, अध्यादेश या अन्य कानूनों के संदर्भ में तत्समय प्रवृत्त सभी विनियम और अन्य लिखत
                                        और सभी संस्थापन, संशोधन, पुन: अधिनियमन या प्रतिस्थापन शामित्र हैं.
2.4 सभी शीर्षक, बोल्ड टाइपिंग और इटालिक्स (यदि कोई हैं) केवत्र संदर्भ की सुविधा के लिए डाले गए हैं और
                                        इन पदों का अर्थ या व्याख्या परिभाषित या सीमित या प्रभावित नहीं करते हैं.
2.5. व्यापारी (व्यापारियों) की साइट (साइटों) के नियमों और शर्तों से ये नियम और शर्ते स्वतंत्र होंगी.
2.6. "प्राधिकरण" या "अनुमोदन" में प्राधिकरण, सहमति, निकासी, समाशोधन, अनुमोदन, अनुमति, संकल्प, अनुज्ञा,
                                        छूट, फाइलिंग और पंजीकरण शामिल्र हैं.
फ्रीचार्ज बैत्रेंस अकाउंट / प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट जारी करना और पंजीकरण
3.1 बैंक द्वारा ग्राहक को प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट ग्राहक के अनुरोध पर और ग्राहक द्वारा फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट
                                        के पंजीकरण के लिए आवेदन करने और इन नियमों और शर्तों और इस संबंध में बैंक दवारा निर्धारित तरीके
                                        से अन्य लागू नियमों और शर्तों से सहमत होने के आधार पर जारी किया जाएगा, बशर्ते कि ग्राहक ने पात्रता
                                        और अपने ग्राहक को जानें ("केवाईसी") मानदंड पूरा किया हो और बैंक द्वारा अनुरोध की गई सभी प्रासंगिक
                                        जानकारी और / या दस्तावेज प्रदान किया हो.
3.2. प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट प्राप्त करने की इच्छा रखने वाले ग्राहक को वेबसाइट का उपयोग करके या व्यापारी
                                        वेबसाइट का उपयोग करके, जैसा कि वेबसाइट पर उल्लेखित है, बैंक को आवेदन करना चाहिए और इन नियमों
                                        और शर्तों और अन्य नियमों और शर्तों को स्वीकार करना चाहिए, जैसा कि निर्दिष्ट किया जा सकता है.
3.3 बैंक कोई भी कारण बताए बिना प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट जारी करने के लिए किए गए किसी भी आवेदन को
                                        अस्वीकार करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखता है.
3.4 प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट प्राप्त करने, पंजीकरण करने, बनाने और उपयोग करने के लिए, बैंक आपसे समय-समय
                                        पर बैंक द्वारा यथा संशोधित आपका नाम, मोबाइल फोन नंबर, ई-मेल पता, जन्म तिथि, पत्राचार की अधिमानी
                                        भाषा इत्यादि जैसी कुछ व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और लागू कानून के अनुसार अन्य कोई ("डेठा") प्रस्तुत करने की
                                        माँग कर सकता है. आप सहमत हैं कि पंजीकरण पर और अन्य सभी समयों पर आपके द्वारा बैंक को प्रदान
                                        किया जाने वल्ाा डेटा सत्य, सटीक, वर्तमान और पूर्ण होगा. आप तत्काल बैंक या उसके अधिकृत सेवा प्रदाता
                                        को डेटा में होने वाले परिवर्तन के संबंध में ऐसे परिवर्तन के प्रमाण के साथ सूचित करेंगे.
3.5 आप एतददवारा बैंक को सीधे या तृतीय पक्षों के माध्यम से ऐसी कोई भी जाँच-पड़ताल करने के लिए
                                        प्राधिकृत करते हैं, जिसे बैंक आपकी पहचान सत्यापित करने और / या आपकी पहचान और प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट
                                        की जानकारी प्रमाणित करने के लिए आवश्यक मान सकता है. इसमें आपके अकाउंट के उपयोग या पहचान के
                                        बारे में और जानकारी और / या दस्तावेज़ माँगना, या अन्य बातों के साथ आपसे केवाईसी दस्तावेज प्रस्तुत
                                        करके अपनी पहचान, अपने ईमेल पते, टेलीफोन नंबर या वित्तीय लिखतों के स्वामित्व की पुष्टि करने की मांग
                                        करना शामित्र हो सकता है. यह प्रक्रिया आंतरिक सत्यापन उददेश्यों के लिए है. आप सहमत हैं और समझते हैं
                                        कि आपके द्वारा दर्ज किया गया डेटा हमेशा बैंक के अधिकृत सेवा प्रदाता (प्रदाताओं) द्वारा बनाए रखा जाएगा.
3.6. सही और अद्यतन ग्राहक जानकारी का संग्रहण, सत्यापन, लेखा परीक्षा और अनुरक्षण सतत प्रक्रिया है और
                                        बैंक किसी भी समय, सभी प्रासंगिक और लागू केवाईसी आवश्यकताओं का अनुपालन सुनिश्चित करने के लिए
                                        आवश्यक कदम उठाने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखता है.
3.7 इसमें निहित किसी बात के होते हुए भी, ई-केवाईसी विधा के माध्यम से आप अपनी केवाईसी सत्यापन
                                        प्रक्रिया पूरी करेंगे, जैसा कि आपको उपलब्ध कराया जा सकता है, साथ ही आप निम्नलिखित शर्तों से भी सहमत
                                        हैं और स्वीकार करते हैं :
ए. आप एतददवारा सहमति देते हैं कि बैंक अधिकृत यूआईडीएआई विनियमित एजेंसी ("एजेंसी") के माध्यम से
                                            बायोमीट्रिक और / या वन टाइम पासवर्ड (ओटीपी) आधारित आधार प्रमाणीकरण ("ई-केवाईसी") और / या लागू
                                            कानूनों के अंतर्गत यथा आवश्यक ढंग से आरबीआई द्वारा अधिदेशित केवाईसी आवश्यकताओं को पूरा करने के
                                            उद्देश्य से किसी भी अन्य अनुमत साधनों के माध्यम से 'अपने ग्राहक को जानें' (केवाईसी) जानकारी प्रमाणित
                                            कर सकता है.
बी. आप एतददवारा बैंक को एजेंसी से बैंक में अपने अकाउंट की समाप्ति की तिथि से 0 (दस) वर्ष की अवधि
                                            के लिए, या किन्हीं भी लागू कानूनों के अंतर्गत अधिदेशित किसी भी अन्य अवधि के लिए अपना ई-केवाईसी
                                            प्राप्त करने और संग्रहीत करने की अनुमति देते हैं.
सी. आप एतददवारा घोषणा करते हैं कि आपके द्वारा प्रस्तुत किया गया विवरण आपकी सर्वोत्तम जानकारी के
                                            अनुसार सत्य, सही और पूर्ण हैं. आप प्रदान की गई जानकारी में किन्हीं भी गलतियों, त्रुटियों, विसंगतियों, आदि
                                            के संबंध में या प्रदान की गई किसी भी अपूर्ण जानकारी की स्थिति में बैंक या फ्रीचार्ज .ो क्षतिपूरित और
                                            हानिरहित रखेंगे.
डी. आप पुष्टि करते हैं कि आप ई-केवाईसी डेटा के संबंध में लागू कानूनों से अवगत हैं और को पढ़ चुके हैं
                                            और कि आप इसके अंतर्गत और सभी लागू कानूनों के अंतर्गत अपने अधिकारों और दायित्वों से अवगत हैं.
ई. आप सहमत हैं कि बैंक ऐसे उद्देश्यों के लिए आपकी जानकारी / डेटा साझा कर सकता है जैसा कि लागू
                                            कानून या नियामकीय / सांविधिक प्राधिकरण या न्यायालय के किसी आदेश / अनुरोध के अंतर्गत अनिवार्य
                                            बनाया जा सकता है.
3.8 यदि आपके द्वारा प्रदान की गई जानकारी और / या दस्तावेज में विसंगतियां हैं या यदि आपके द्वारा
                                        प्रदान की गई जानकारी / दस्तावेज अयथार्थ या गलत पाया जाता है तो बैंक किसी भी समय प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                        अकाउंट सेवाओं को बंद करने / के लिए आवेदन अस्वीकार करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखता है. ऐसी स्थिति
                                        में, बैंक उस सीमा तक और लागू कानूनों के अनुसार इसमें बची शेष राशि जब्त करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित
                                        रखता है.
प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट सेवाओं की सीमा
4.1. प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउं ट में लेन-देन की जा सकने वाली राशि आरबीआई द्वारा तनधागररि तनयमों, ववतनयमों
                                    और ददिातनदेिों सदहि लागूकाननू ों द्वारा तनयंत्रिि होिी है क्जसमें प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउं ट पर माशसक सीमा,
                                    लेनदेन सीमा और िेि राशि की सीमा िाशमल है. समय-समय पर आरबीआई द्वारा जारी ददिातनदेिों /
                                    अधधसूचनाओं सदहि लागूकानून में ककसी भी बदलाव के अधीन ग्राहक को पवू ग सूचना ददए त्रबना बैंक के वववेक
                                    से इसके अंिगगि बिाई गई सीमाओं की समीक्षा और संिोधन ककया जा सकिा है
4.1.1 फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट :
(ए) न्यूनतम केवाईसी फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट की विशेषताएँ :-
क्.
                                                        सं.
विशेषतएँ
शर्तें
1
जारी करने की मुद्रा
भारतीय रुपया
2
अधिकतम बकाया शेष राशि
किसी भी समय बिंदु पर अधिकतम बकाया राशि रू. 5,000/- (केवत्र पाँच हजार
                                                     भारतीय रुपये) से अधिक नहीं होनी चाहिए
3
फंड की लोडिंग या रिलोडिंग
किसी भी दिए गए महीने के दौरान प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट में लोड या रिलरोड की
                                                    गई कुल राशि रू. 5,000/- (केवल्न पाँच हजार भारतीय रुपये) से अधिक नहीं होनी
                                                    चाहिए और वित्तीय वर्ष के दौरान लोड की गई कुल राशि रू. 1,00,000/- (केवल
                                                    एक लाख भारतीय रुपये) से अधिक नहीं होनी चाहिए
4
प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट से डेबिट
किसी भी दिए गए महीने के दौरान प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट से डेबिट की गई कुल
                                                    राशि रू. 5,000/- से अधिक नहीं होनी चाहिए
5
नकद निकासी
आरबीआई विनियमों के अंतर्गत प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट से किसी भी राशि की
                                                    नकद निकासी प्रतिबंधित है.
6
विधता अवधि
सक्रियण / जारी करने की तिथि से इसकी एक वर्ष की न्यूनतम वैधता अवधि
                                                    होगी.
7
पूर्ण केवाईसी फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट में अनिवार्य रूपांतरण
न्यूनतम केवाईसी फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट के सक्रियण / जारी करने की तिथि से 12
                                                    (बारह) महीनों की अवधि के भीतर न्यूनतम केवाईसी फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट को पूर्ण
                                                   -  |केवाईसी* फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट में परिवर्तित किया जाएगा, जिससे विफल रहने पर ऐसे
                                                   न्यूनतम केवाईसी फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट में किसी और क्रेडिट की अनुमति नहीं दी
                                                   जाएगी.
8
प्रीपेड पेमेंटअकाउंट को निष्क्रिय बनाना
प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट में लगातार 1 (एक) वर्ष तक कोई वित्तीय लेनदेन ने होने की
                                                     स्थिति  में , बैंक प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट को निष्क्रिय कर देगा.
9
लिखत का उपयोग
इस लिखत का उपयोग केवल वस्तुओं और सेवाओं की खरीद के लिए किया जा                                                   
                                                    सकता है. अन्य फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट या बैंक खातों में धन हस्तांतरण की अनुमति                                                   
                                                    नहीं है.
(बी) पूर्ण केवाईसी* फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट की विशेषताएँ :-
क्.
                                                        सं.
विशेषताएँ
शर्ते
1
जारी करने की मुद्रा
भारतीय रुपया
2
फंड की लोडिंग या
                                                     रिलोडिंग
एक ग्राहक द्वारा रखे गए सभी प्रीपेड उत्पादों में किसी भी दिए गए समय बिंदु
                                                    पर अधिकतम बकाया राशि रू. 1,00,000/- (केवल एक लाख भारतीय रुपये) से
                                                    अधिक नहीं होनी चाहिए.
3
प्रीपेड पेमेंट धन हस्तांतरण
(ए) पूर्व-पंजीकृत लाभार्थियों की स्थिति में, धन हस्तांतरण की सीमा प्रति माह प्रति
                                                    अकाउंट से धन लाभार्थी रू. 1 ,00,000/- (केवल एक लाख भारतीय रुपये) से अधिक नहीं होनी
                                                     चाहिए.
                                                    (बी) अन्य सभी मामल्रों के लिए, प्रति माह धन हस्तांतरण की सीमा रू. 10,000/-
                                                    (केवल दस हजार भारतीय रुपये) से अधिक नहीं होनी चाहिए.
4
प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट को निष्क्रिय करना
प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट में लगातार 1 (एक) वर्ष तक कोई वित्तीय लेनदेन न होने की स्थिति में , बैंक प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट निष्क्रिय कर देगा. बैंक की संतुष्टि तक
                                                    उचित कर्मिष्ठता और सत्यापन के बाद ही इसे पुनः सक्रिय किया जाएगा.
5
नकद निकासी
आरबीआई विनियमों के अंतर्गत प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट से किसी भी राशि की नकद
                                                    निकासी प्रतिबंधित है.
6
वैधता अवधि
प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट में पिछले लेनदेन की तिथि से या त्रोडिंग या रिल्रोडिंग की
                                                    तिथि, जो भी बाद में हो, से 1 (एक) वर्ष.
7
लिखत का उपयोग
इस लिखत का उपयोग केवत्र धन हस्तांतरण और वस्तुओं और सेवाओं की खरीद
                                                    के लिए किया जा सकता है
*ध्यान दें : केवाईसी दस्तावेज "अपने ग्राहक को जानें" (नो योर कस्टमर या केवायसी) पर प्रचलित आरबीआई
                                    दिशानिर्देशों के अनुरूप होंगे.
**उपरोक्‍त मापदंड और सीमा कैपिंग प्रीपेड कार्ड इंस्ट्रमेंट जारी करमे और उसके परिचात्नन पर मास्टर दिशानिर्देश
                                        दिनांकित अक्टूबर 207 के अनुसार लागू है, और आरबीआई द्वारा नए दिशानिर्देश जारी किए जाने पर
                                        परिवर्तन के अधीन है.
4.2.1 फ्रीचार्ज गिफ्ट इंस्ट्रमेंट
ए. इस तरह के प्रत्येक भुगतान इंस्ट्रमेंट का अधिकतम मूल्य रू. 10,000/- (केवत्न दस हजार भारतीय रुपये) से
                                    अधिक नहीं होगा.
बी. किसी दिए गए समय बिंदु पर किसी व्यक्ति द्वारा रखे जा सकने वाले इंस्ट्रमेंट्स की अधिकतम संख्या 25
                                    (पच्चीस) होगी. प्रीपेड गिफ्ट इंस्ट्रमेंटर की वैधता 3 वर्ष कि होगी. हालांकि, यह एक वर्ष से तीन वर्ष के बीच
                                    भिन्‍न-भिन्‍न हो सकती है जैसा कि प्रीपेड गिफ्ट इंस्ह्मेंट जारी करने के समय बैंक द्वारा तय किया जा सकता
                                    
                                    है.
4.2 उक्त प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट केवल भारतीय रुपयों में भारत के प्रदेश के भीतर उत्पादों की खरीद और लेनदेन
                                    के लिए मान्य है.
4.3 प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट या इसके अंतर्गत सेवाएं हस्तांतरणीय नहीं हैं जब तक कि कानून के परिचालन द्वारा
                                    आवश्यकता न हो.
4.4 ग्राहक केवल प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट पर लोड की गई राशि की सीमा तक प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का उपयोग
                                    कर पाएगा.
4.5 प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट पर त्रोड की जा रही ऐसी न्यूनतम राशि के अधीन सक्रिय किया
                                    जाएगा जैसा कि बैंक द्वारा समय-समय पर और फ्रीचार्ज अकाउंट के निर्माण के बाद निर्दिष्ट किया जा सकता
                                    
                                    है.
4.6 ग्राहक या प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट लोड करने के लिए अनुमत कोई अन्य व्यक्ति समय-समय पर निर्धारित
                                        किसी भी तरीके के माध्यम से प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट क्रेडिट कर सकता है.
4.7 ग्राहक सभी या किसी भी तरह का लेनदेन कर सकता है, जैसा कि समय-समय पर उपलब्ध हो सकता है
4.8 फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट पर नकद निकासी या नकद प्रेषण की अनुमति नहीं है. फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट पर
                                    दिखाई देने वाली उपलब्ध शेष राशि पर बैंक द्वारा ग्राहकों को कोई ब्याज देय नहीं होगी.
4.9 ग्राहक को केवल एक फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट बनाए रखने और संचालित करने की अनुमति है. इस
                                    आवश्यकता के साथ कोई भी संदिग्ध गैर-अनुरूपता ग्राहक से जुड़े किसी भी / सभी प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के
                                    निलंबन/समापन का कारण होगी.
4.10 बैंक अपने विवेक से आगे प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के उपयोग पर उचित नियंत्रण लगा सकता है.
उपयोग की प्रकृति
5.1 ग्राहक हर समय फ्रीचार्ज अकाउंट / प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट क्रेडेंशियल्स सुरक्षित रखा जाना सुनिश्चित करेगा
                                    और किसी भी परिस्थिति में, चाहे जो भी हो, फ्रीचार्ज अकाउंट और प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का किसी भी अन्य
                                    व्यक्ति द्वारा उपयोग किए जाने की अनुमति नहीं देगा. आप बैंक द्वारा प्रदान की गई सभी सुविधाओं और
                                    सभी संबंधित शुल्कों के ल्रिए जिम्मेदार होंगे और प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट और बैंक के साथ सभी लेनदेन के संबंध
                                    में सदविश्वास से कार्य करेंगे.
5.2 ग्राहक फ्रीचार्ज अकाउंट सहित प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट की सुरक्षा के लिए उत्तरदायी होगा और इसका सुरक्षित
                                    रखा जाना सुनिश्चित करने के लिए सभी कदम उठाएगा. ग्राहक किसी से भी मौखिक रूप से या लिखित में
                                    अपने पासवर्ड का खुलासा नहीं करेगा और न ही इसे कहीं दर्ज करेगा और यदि ऐसा किया जाता है, तो यह
                                    ग्राहक के एकमात्र जोखिम और खतरे पर होगा.
5.3. प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के समापन की सूचना दिए जाने तक ग्राहक प्रौपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट पर वहन किए गए.
                                    सभी शुल्कों के लिए उत्तरदायी होगा. आप बैंक को तुरंत किसी ओ धोखाधड़ी, हैकिंग या अनधिकृत उपयोग की
                                    घटना की सूचना देंगे और बैंक, उचित जॉँच के बाद, प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट नित्रंबित या समाप्त कर सकता है.
                                    प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के विवरणों की निजता और गोपनीयता सुनिश्चित करना पूरी तरह से ग्राहक की जिम्मेदारी
                                    होगी.
5.4 प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के निर्माण पर, आपके पास विभिन्‍न संवादमूलक पहलुओं का उपयोग करने का अवसर
                                    होगा जिसके माध्यम से आप हमारे साथ संवाद कर सकते हैं और जानकारी (सामूहिक रूप से 'प्रविष्ट जानकारी”)
                                    साझा कर सकते हैं. यह जरूरी है कि आप ऐसी प्रविष्ट की गई जानकारी प्रदान करते समय जिम्मेदारी से कार्य
                                    करें. अनुचित भाषा का प्रयोग, अनावश्यक व्यक्तिगत आलरोचनाएँ या टिप्पणियाँ न करें. सेवा के संवादमूलक
                                    पहलुओं में भाग लेते समय, सभी प्रासंगिक जानकारी संक्षेप मैं शामिल करें ताकि हमें आपको रचनात्मक
                                    प्रतिक्रिया प्रदान करने में सहायता मिले. आप सहमत हैं और स्वीकार करते हैं कि
5.4.1 आप ऐसी किसी ओी प्रविष्ट जानकारी के लिए पूरी तरह उत्तरदायी हैं जिसे आप वेबसाइट पर प्रस्तुत करते
                                        हैं या हमारी टीम और / या वेबसाइट के अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं को भेजते हैं;
5.4.2 आप कोई औ कॉपीराइट वाली सामग्री, ट्रेडमार्क या अन्य स्वामित्व वाली जानकारी इस तरह के स्वामित्व
                                        वाले अधिकारों के स्वामी की पूर्व लिखित सहमति प्राप्त किए बिना किसी भी तरह से प्रविष्ट, वितरित या पुनः
                                        प्रस्तुत नहीं कर सकते हैं. आप ऐसी कोई ओ विष्यवस्तु या सामग्री प्रस्तुत नहीं कर सकते हैं जो किसी औ पक्ष
                                        की बौदधिक संपदा, प्रचार, गोपनीयता या अन्य अधिकारों का अलिलंघन, दुरूपयोग या उल्लंघन करती है;
5.4.3 आप ऐसी कोई ओ प्रविष्ट जानकारी प्रदान नहीं कर सकते हैं जो गलत तरीके से व्यक्त होती है या
                                        जिसका तात्पर्य है कि ऐसी विषयवस्तु या सामग्री बैंक दवारा प्रायोजित या विज्ञापित है;
5.4.4 आप ऐसी कोई ओ प्रविष्ट जानकारी प्रदान नहीं कर सकते हैं जो गैरकानूनी है या जो अवैध गतिविधि
                                        को बढ़ावा देती या प्रोत्साहित करती है;
5.4.5 आप समझते हैं और सहमति देते हैं कि बैंक ऐसी किसी भी प्रविष्ट की गई जानकारी की समीक्षा कर
                                        सकता और हटा सकता है (लेकिन बाध्य नहीं है), जो कि बैंक के एकमात्र विवेक से इन शर्तों का उल्लंघन करती
                                        है या जो आपत्तिजनक, अवैध हो सकती है या वेबसाइट के अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं और / या किसी अन्य व्यक्ति
                                        के अधिकारों का उल्लंघन कर सकती है, को नुकसान पहुँचा सकती है, या की सुरक्षा जोखिम में डाल सकती है;
5.4.6 आप स्वीकार करते हैं और सहमति देते हैं कि सेवाओं के माध्यम से सृजित, प्राप्त या सुलभ किसी औी
                                        संदेश की विषयवस्तु या अन्य सामग्री या जानकारी की सामग्री की बैंक / बैंक के लिए सक्रिय रूप से निगरानी
                                        नहीं करता है और करना आवश्यक नहीं होगा और पर न ही किसी ओ संपादकीय नियंत्रण का प्रयोग करता है
                                        और न ही करना आवश्यक होगा. बैंक आपके द्वारा की गई किसी ओ टिप्पणी की विषयवस्तु या अन्य सामग्री
                                        या जानकारी का समर्थन, सत्यापन या अन्यथा प्रमाणित नहीं करता है. आप अपने संचार की विषयवस्तु के
                                        लिए पूरी तरह उत्तरदायी हैं और आपको टिप्पणियों की विषयवस्तु या अन्य सामग्री या जानकारी के लिए कानूनी
                                        रूप से उत्तरदायी या जवाबदेह ठहराया जा सकता है;
5.4.7 आप सहमत हैं कि आप केवल वही प्रविष्ट जानकारी प्रदान करेंगे जिसे आप सही मानते हैं और आप
                                        जानबूझकर झूठी या आमक जानकारी नहीं प्रदान करेंगे; तथा
5.4.8 निम्नलिखित वेबसाइट पर / के माध्यम से अवैध या प्रतिबंधित विषयवस्तु और संचार के प्रकार की
                                        आंशिक सूची है. बैंक इस प्रावधान का उल्लंघन करने वाले ऐसे किसी भी व्यक्ति के विरूद्ध अपने विवेक से
                                        जाँच करने और उचित कानूनी कार्रवाई करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखता है, जिसमें सीमाबंधन रहित, सेवाओं
                                        से अपमानजनक संचार हटाना और ऐसे उल्लंघन करने वालों की सदस्यता समाप्त करना या सेवाओं और / या
                                        वेबसाइट का आपका उपयोग अवरुद्ध करना शामित्र है. आप ऐसी विषयवस्तु नहीं प्रविष्ट कर सकते हैं जो :
(ए) किसी अन्य व्यक्ति से संबंधित है और जिसके लिए आपके पास कोई अधिकार नहीं है;
(बी) पूरी तरह से हानिकारक, परेशन करने वाली, तिरस्कारी अपमानसूचक, निर्लज्ज, अश्लील, बाल यौनशोषणकारी,
                                        निंदात्मक, अन्य की निजता पर आक्रमणकारी, घृणित, या नस्लीय, नैतिक रूप से आपत्तिजनक, अपमानजनक,
                                        मनी लांडरिंग या जुएँ से संबंधित या प्रोत्साहित करने वाली, या अन्यथा किसी भी तरह से गैरकानूनी है, चाहे
                                        जो भी हो;
(सी) किसी भी तरह से अल्पवयस्कों को नुकसान पहुँचाती है;
(डी) किसी पेटेंट, ट्रेडमार्क, कॉपीराइट या अन्य स्वामित्व अधिकारों का अतिलंघन करती है;
(ई) तत्समय प्रवृत्त किसी भी कानून का उल्लंघन करती है;
(एफ) इस तरह के संदेशों की उत्पत्ति के बारे में संबोधिती को धोखा देती या गुमराह करती है या ऐसी किसी
                                        भी जानकारी का संचार करती है जो प्रकृति में आक्रामक या डरावनी है;
(जी) किसी अन्य व्यक्ति का रूप धारण करती है;
(एच) जिसमें सॉफ़्टवेयर वायरस या किसी भी कंप्यूटर संसाधन की कार्यक्षमता बाधित, नष्ट या सीमित करने
                                        के लिए डिज़ाइन किया गया कोई अन्य कंप्यूटर कोड, फ़ाइलें या प्रोग्राम हैं;
(आई) भारत की एकता, अखंडता, रक्षा, सुरक्षा या संप्रभुता, विदेशी राज्यों के साथ मैत्रीपूर्ण संबंध, या ल्ञोक व्यवस्था
                                        को जोखिम में डालती है या किसी भी संज्ञेय अपराध की आचरण क्रिया के लिए उत्तेजना का कारण बनती है
                                        या किसी भी अपराध की जांच रोकती है या किसी अन्य राष्ट्र का अपमान करती है.
5.5. आप वेबसाइट पर किसी भी आपत्तिजनक सामग्री के संपर्क में आने पर care@ freecharge.com पर बैंक
                                    को सूचित करेंगे और बैंक लागू कानून के अंतर्गत निर्धारित समयावधि के भीतर ऐसी आपत्तिजनक सामग्री
                                    हटाने के लिए सर्वोत्तम प्रयासों का उपयोग करेगा.
5.6. यदि ग्राहक को उपलब्ध कराए गए किसी भी विवरण / रिकॉर्ड में फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस अकाउंट के लेनदेनों /
                                    विवरणों में कोई विसंगति मौजूद है, तो ग्राहक सात (7) दिनों के भीतर बैंक को लिखित रूप से सूचित करेगा.
                                    यदि बैंक को सात (7) दिनों के विपरीत इसके विपरीत कोई जानकारी नहीं मित्रती है, तो विवरण और लेनदेन
                                    को सही माना जाएगा और बिना शर्त और अपरिवर्तनीय रूप से आपके लिए बाध्यकारी होगा. यहाँ दिए गए
                                    नियमों और शर्तों के अनुसार इलेक्ट्रॉनिक या वृत्तचित्र रूप में बैंक दवारा रखे गए आपके निर्देशों के सभी अभिलेख
                                    और ऐसे अन्य विवरण (किए गए या प्राप्त भुगतान सहित, लेकिन इतने तक ही सीमित नहीं), आपके विरूद्ध
                                    ऐसे निर्देशों और ऐसे अन्य विवरणों के निर्णायक साक्ष्य समझे जाएँगे. सूचना देने और / या फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस
                                    अकाउंट पर किए गए लेनदेन / लेनदेनों के समय के संबंध में किसी भी विवाद की स्थिति में या उक्त फ्रीचार्ज
                                    बैलेंस अकाउंट के संबंध में किसी भी अन्य मामल्रे में, बैंक विवादित लेनदेन का समय और / या प्रामाणिकता
                                    पता लगाने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखेगा. ग्राहक सेवा संपर्क विवरण के लिए  www.freecharge.in  पर उपलब्ध
                                    ग्राहक शिकायत नीति देखें.
5.7. आप केवल अनुमोदित व्यापारियों के साथ लेनदेनों के लिए सेवाओं का उपयोग कर सकते हैं.
5.8. आपको प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट से किसी भी लेनदेन को निष्पादित करने से पहले पर्याप्त धन की उपलब्धता
                                    सुनिश्चित करनी होगी.
5.9. आप सभी लागू कानूनों और बैंक, आरबीआई और किसी अन्य नियामक निकाय द्वारा समय-समय पर
                                    निर्धारित ऐसे सभी विनियमों, दिशानिर्देशों और नियमों का पाल्नन करने के लिए सहमत हैं.
5.10. ग्राहक सहमत है कि वह किसी भी अवैध / गैरकानूनी खरीद / उददेश्यों के भुगतान के लिए प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                    अकाउंट का उपयोग नहीं करेगा.
5.11. आप एतददवारा सहमत हैं और स्वीकार करते हैं कि प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट केवल बैंक द्वारा जारी किया
                                    जाता है, लोड किया जाता है, वापस लिया जाता है, समाप्त किया जाता है, बंद किया जाता है, निलंबित किया
                                    जाता है.
5.12. आप प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के संबंध में समय-समय पर बैंक द्वारा निर्धारित नियमों और शर्तों और सभी
                                    नीतियों का अनुपाल्नन करने के लिए बाध्य होंगे. बैंक अपने एकमात्र विवेक से आवेदन स्वीकार करने या ग्राहक
                                    को प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट जारी करने से मना कर सकता है.
5.13. आप ऐसे किसी भी उद्देश्य के लिए सेवाओं का उपयोग नहीं करेंगे जिन्हें किसी भी त्रागू कानून, विनियमों,
                                    दिशानिर्देशों, न्यायिक आदेश, बैंक की नीतियों या सार्वजनिक नीति के विपरीत या प्रतिकूल माना जा सकता है
                                    या ऐसे किसी भी उद्देश्य के लिए जो बैंक की सदआवना को नकारात्मक रूप से हानि पहुँचा सकता है.
5.14. यदि किसी कारण से यह योजना बंद कर दी जाती है या २8। द्वारा इसे बंद करने का निर्देश दिया
                                    जाता है तो आपको प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट में बकाया शेष राशी प्रतिदत्त करवाने की अनुमति होगी.
5.15. आप प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के गलत उपयोग और इन नियमों और शर्तों का उल्लंघन करने वाले उपयोग
                                    के लिए पूरी ज़िम्मेदारी स्वीकार करेंगे. आप किसी भी हानि, क्षति, जुर्माने, दावे, माँग, ब्याज या किसी अन्य
                                    वित्तीय शुल्क (वकील के शुल्क सहित) को अनुकूल्र करने के लिए बैंक और फ्रीचार्ज और उनके संबंधित निदेशक,
                                    अधिकारियों, कर्मियों, ठेकेदारों और एजेंटों की क्षतिपूर्ति करेंगे जो उपर्युक्त व्यक्तियों को ग्राहक द्वारा इन नियमों
                                    और शर्तों का उल्लंघन करने के परिणामस्वरूप प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से उठाना या भुगतना पड़ सकता है.
5.16. बैंक कोई कारण बताए बिना प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट पर प्राधिकरण अनुरोध अस्वीकार या स्वीकार करने का
                                    पूर्ण विवेकाधिकार और स्वतंत्रता सुरक्षित रखता है.
5.17. ग्राहक स्वीकार करता है और समझता है कि सेवाएं इंटरनेट कनेक्शन से जुड़ी हैं (और मोबाइल की स्थिति
                                    में, मोबाइल फोन कनेक्शन से) और बैंक या उसके अधिकृत सेवा प्रदाता जिम्मेदार नहीं होंगे और ग्राहक वेबसाइट
                                    या व्यापारी साइट (साइटों) को सपोर्ट नहीं करने वाले मोबाइल या इंटरनेट के कारण सेवाओं की किसी भी हानि
                                    या बाधा या सेवाओं की अनुपलब्धता से उत्पन्न होने वाली, लेकिन इतने तक ही सीमित नहीं, सभी दायित्वों
                                    के लिए पूरी तरह जिम्मेदार है.
5.18. ग्राहक स्वीकार करता है और समझता है कि सेवाओं का लाभ उठाने के लिए ग्राहक द्वारा दी गई जानकारी
                                    या सेवाओं का उपयोग करते समय दी गई जानकारी अन्य बातों के साथ-साथ, सेवाओं का प्रबंध सुविधाजनक
                                    बनाने के लिए अन्य पक्षों के साथ साझा की जा सकती है.
5.19. बैंक चल रही निगरानी और उचित कर्मिष्ठता के भाग के रूप में ग्राहक से अतिरिक्त केवाईसी जानकारी
                                    / दस्तावेज जमा करने का अनुरोध कर सकता है.
5.20. बैंक अपने पूर्ण विवेक से फ्रीचार्ज बैलेंस और / या सेवाओं के संबंध में बाहरी सेवा प्रदाताओं / या एजेंटों
                                    की सेवाओं का ऐसी शर्तों पर उपयोग कर सकता है जैसा कि आवश्यक या जरूरी हो.
सूचना / डेटा उपयोग
6.1. आपके द्वारा प्रस्तुत की गई प्रविष्ट जानकारी को छोड़कर, सेवाओं और / या वेबसाइट पर या माध्यम से
                                        उपलब्ध सभी जानकारी जिसमें सीमाबधन रहित, पाठ्य, चित्र, ग्राफिक्स और दृश्य और श्रव्य विषयवस्तु शामिल
                                        है हमारे और हमारे लाइसेंसधारकों के स्वामित्व में है और कॉपीराइट, ट्रेडमार्क, पेटेंट और व्यापार रहस्य कानूनों,
                                        अन्य स्वामित्व अधिकारों और अंतरराष्ट्रीय संधियों द्वारा संरक्षित है. आप स्वीकार करते हैं कि सेवाएं और
                                        सेवाओं के संबंध में उपयोग की गई किसी भी अंतर्निहित तकनीक या सॉफ्टवेयर में बैंक की स्वामित्व जानकारी
                                        होती है. हम आपको व्यक्तिगत, गैर-वाणिज्यिक उद्देश्यों के लिए उपर्युक्त विषयवस्तु का उपयोग करने की
                                        अनुमति देते हैं और आपको सेवाओं के उपयोग की अनुमति देने के आधार पर आपको कोई भी बौद्धिक संपदा
                                        अधिकार प्रदान, हस्तांतरित, अनुज्ञापित नहीं करते हैं या आपके पक्ष में किसी अधिकार का सृजन नहीं करते हैं.
                                        आप अपनी सुविधा के लिए वेबसाइट से जानकारी मुद्रित, डाउनलोड और संग्रहीत कर सकते हैं, लेकिन आप
                                        किसी भी वाणिज्यिक लाभ या उददेश्य के लिए, चाहे जो भी हो, किसी भी विषयवस्तु की नकत्,, वितरण, पुनः
                                        प्रकाशन नहीं कर सकते हैं (सिवाय जैसा कि इस पैराग्राफ में अनुमत है), बेच या लाभ नहीं उठा सकते हैं, या
                                        वेबसाइट का पूर्णतया या अंशतया दोहन नहीं कर सकते हैं. सिवाय जैसा कि यहां स्पष्ट रूप से और सुस्पष्ट
                                        ढंग से प्रावधान किया गया है, हम आपको कोई व्यक्त या विवक्षित अधिकार नहीं प्रदान करते हैं.
6.2. ग्राहक समझता है कि व्यापारियों की साइट (साइटों) पर उपलब्ध कराए गए नियम और शर्तें यहाँ दिए गए
                                        इन नियमों और शर्तों से स्वतंत्र हैं.
लेनदेन और प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट की लोडिंग
7.1 प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट में पैसा लोड करने के लिए आप कई वित्त पोषण स्रोतों का उपयोग कर सकते हैं. ये
                                    स्रोत नकद, क्रेडिट कार्ड, डेबिट कार्ड, यूपीआई, नेट बैंकिंग, और किसी अन्य फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट से हस्तांतरण हो सकते
                                    हैं, लेकिन इतने तक सीमित नहीं है.
7.2 प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट व्यापारी (व्यापारियों) की सेवाओं का उपयोग करके किए गए लेनदेनों की धनवापसी
                                    का हस्तांतरण ऐसे अन्य तरीके से किया जा सकता है जैसा कि बैंक को स्वीकार्य हो. प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट में
                                    व्यापारी या तृतिय पक्षों या ऐसे अन्य तरीकों द्वारा नकद वापसी, उपहार इत्यादि जैसे प्रोत्साहनों के माध्यम से
                                    जारी किए उपहार लिखत भी शामित्र हो सकते हैं जैसा कि बैंक को स्वीकार्य हो.
7.3 बैंक उक्त प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का ल्राभ प्राप्त करने के लिए ग्राहक द्वारा देय प्रभार / शुल्क इत्यादि लगा
                                    सकता है और लागू प्रभारों / शुल्कों इत्यादि की कटौती के बाद प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट पर फंड लोड किया जाएगा.
7.4 जोखिम का प्रबंधन करने के लिए, बैंक किसी भी विशेष लेनदेन का वित्त पोषण करने के लिए आपके
                                    उपयोग के लिए उपलब्ध वित्तपोषण स्रोतों को सीमित कर सकता है.
7.5 बैंक उच्च जोखिम वाले और धोखाधड़ी भरे लेनदेनों की निगरानी करने के लिए आपके प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट
                                    में किए गए प्रत्येक लेनदेन की निगरानी कर सकता है. यदि आपका लेनदेन उच्च जोखिम वाले लेनदेन के रूप
                                    में वर्गकृत किया जाता है या धोखाधड़ी का संदेह है, तो बैंक लेनदेन पर रोक लगा सकता है और आपसे आपके
                                    संबंध में और आपके वित्त पोषण स्रोत पर अधिक जानकारी माँग सकता है. बैंक समीक्षा करेगा और तदनुसार
                                    बैंक लागू कानून के अनुसार लेनदेन स्वीकृत या रद्द करेगा. यदि लेनदेन को स्वीकृत किया जाता है, तो बैंक
                                    आपको सूचित करेगा और आपके प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट को अद्यतन करेगा. अन्यथा, बैंक लेनदेन रद्द कर देगा
                                    और धन जब्त किया जा सकता है. उक्त धन केवल स्रोत खाते में स्रोत खाता धारक द्वारा की गई वैध माँग
                                    के आधार पर प्रत्यर्पणीय होगा. यदि लेनदेन रद्द किया जाता है तो बैंक आपको ईमेल द्वारा और / या आपके
                                    प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के आउंट हिस्ट्री टैब में सूचित करेगा. आप सहमत हैं और समझते हैं कि बैंक अपनी
                                    आंतरिक सुरक्षा नीतियों और नियामकीय और सांविधिक दिशानिर्देशों के अनुसार, उचित प्राधिकरणों को लेनदेन
                                    की सूचना दे सकता है, जिसे बैंक संदिग्ध या धोखाधड़ी के रूप में वर्गीकृत करता है और बैंक बैंक द्वारा इस
                                    तरह के अधिकारों के प्रयोग से आपको होने वाली किसी भी हानि के लिए उत्तरदायी नहीं होगा, भल्ले ही ऐसा
                                    कोई लेनदेन बाद के चरण में नियमित और वैध पाया जाता है.
7.6 जब आप प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट लोड करते हैं, तो आप लोड की पूरी राशि व किन्हीं भी शुल्कों के लिए बैंक
                                    के प्रति उत्तरदायी होते हैं, यदि बाद में किसी भी कारण से लोड अमान्य कर दिया जाता है, जिसमें चार्जबैक,
                                    लेनदेन का व्युत्क्रमण, लेनदेन के वित्त पोषण स्रोत के स्वामी द्वारा विवाद शामित्र है लेकिन जो इतने तक
                                    सीमित नहीं है, आप बैंक को अपना प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट डेबिट करके बैंक के प्रति बकाया किसी भी राशि की
                                    वसली करने की अनुमति देने के लिए सहमत हैं. यदि आपका दायित्व पूरा करने के लिए आपके प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                    अकाउंट में अपर्याप्त धनराशि है, तो आप अन्य माध्यमों से बैंक की प्रतिपूर्ति करने के लिए सहमत हैं. यदि
                                    बैंक आपके प्राथमिक वित्त पोषण स्रोत से धन वसूल्ने में असमर्थ है, तो बैंक आपसे संपर्क करने और / या
                                    आपके वैकल्पिक वित्त पोषण स्रोतों से धनराशि वसूत्नने का प्रयास कर सकता है, या अपने विवेक से लागू
                                    कानून द्वारा अनुमत सीमा तक देय राशि एकत्र करने के लिए उचित कानूनी कार्रवाई कर सकता है. इसके
                                    अतिरिक्त, बैंक आपका प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट निलंबित या समाप्त करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखता है.
प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट में लेनदेन
8.1 ग्राहक अपने फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट में उपलब्ध धनराशि आरबीआई के दिशानिर्देशों के अनुसार आईएमपीएस /
                                    एनईएफटी के माध्यम से किसी भी बैंक खाते से निकालने का विकल्प चुन सकता है. हाल्रांकि, बैंक इसमें नीचे
                                    दी गई धारा 10.2 में उल्लिखित किसी भी स्थिति में ऐसी निकासी से मना कर सकता है.
8.2 बैंक जोखिम की जाँच करते समय निकासी विलंबित करने या आपसे आपकी पहचान सत्यापित करने के
                                    लिए अतिरिक्त जानकारी प्रदान करने का अनुरोध करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखता है, और जानकारी सत्यापित
                                    होने तक राशि सीमित की जा सकती है जिसे आप निकात्र सकते हैं.
8.3 संदिग्ध पाई जाने वाली कोई भी निकासी रोक दी जाएगी और फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट में लौटा दी जाएगी. प्रीपेड
                                    पेमेंट अकाउंट और फ्रीचार्ज अकाउंट का संचालन भी निलंबित कर दिया जाएगा और ऐसा कोई लेनदेन संभव
                                    नहीं होगा जिसकी जाँच लंबित होगी. यदि आप जाँच का विषय हैं तो आपको सूचना दी जाएगी. यदि आप बैंक
                                    की संतुष्टि तक आहरण का औचित्य प्रदान कर लेंगे, तो आपके खाते / प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का निलंबन हटा
                                    लिया जाएगा और आप फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट का उपयोग करके लेनदेन करने के लिए स्वतंत्र होंगे.
8.4 निलंबित प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के लिए आपके द्वारा कोई जानकारी प्रदान नहीं किए जाने की स्थिति में,
                                    आपका प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट अपनी वैधता तक निलंबित बना रहेगा और आरबीआई के दिशानिर्देशों का पालन
                                    करते हुए राशि जब्त कर ली जाएगी.
सेवाओं का नित्रंबन या विघटन
9.1 किसी भी परिस्थिति में बैंक या उसके किसी भी अधिकृत सेवा प्रदाता को प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से
                                    प्राकृतिक कृत्य, बैंक के उचित नियंत्रण से परे बल या कारणों के परिणामस्वरूप सेवा में देरी या विफल्रता या
                                    व्यवधान के लिए उत्तरदायी नहीं ठहराया जाएगा, जिसमें सीमाबंधन रहित इंटरनेट, विफलता, कंप्यूटर, दूरसंचार
                                    
                                    या किसी भी अन्य उपकरण की विफलता, विद्युत विफलता या अनुपलब्धता, हड़ताल, श्रम विवाद, दंगे, विद्रोह,
                                    नागरिक गड़बड़ी, तोडफोड़, जानबूझकर विध्वंस, राष्ट्रीय सुरक्षा के लिए खतरा, श्रम या सामग्री की कमी, आग, बाढ़
                                    , भारी बारिश, तूफान, विस्फोट, ईश्वरीय कृत्य, युद्ध, सरकारी कार्रवाई, अदालतों या न्‍्ययाधिकरण का आदेश या
                                    तृतिय पक्ष का गैर-निष्पादन (
"अप्रत्याशित घटना"
) सम्मित्रित है.
9.2 बैंक पूर्व सूचना दिए बिना और अपने विवेकानुसार बैंक द्वारा प्रदान की जाने वाली सेवाओं तक पहुँच या
                                        आपका उपयोग निलंबित, प्रतिबंधित, बंद या अस्वीकृत करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखता है :
9.2.1 यदि आप उपयोग करते हैं या प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का उपयोग किया जाता है या किसी व्यक्ति या इकाई
                                            द्वारा धोखाधड़ी भरे तरीके से उपयोग किया जाना संदिग्ध है;
9.2.2 यदि आप किसी भी गैरकानूनी गतिविधि में शामित्र होने के लिए प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का उपयोग करते
                                            हैं, जो बिना किसी सीमा के बौद्धिक संपदा अधिकारों का उल्लंघन, नागरिक दायित्व या आपराधिक अपराध
                                            गठित करता है;
9.2.3 यदि आप ऐसी किन्हीं भी गतिविधियों में शामित्र होते हैं जो अन्यथा बैंक के लिए या इसके किन्हीं भी
                                            ठेकेदारों या एजेंटों के त्रिए कोई दायित्व सृजित करते हैं;
9.2.4 ग्राहक द्वारा प्रदान किए गए विवरण (विवरणों), ऑनलाइन आवेदन, दस्तावेज में किसी भी संदिग्ध
                                            विसंगति के लिए;
9.2.5 किसी भी अप्रत्याशित कारण से;
9.2.6 यदि ऐसा तकनीकी विफलता, संशोधन, उन्नयन, भिन्‍नता, स्थानांतरण, किसी भी आपात स्थिति या किन्‍्हीं
                                            भी तकनीकी कारणों से मरम्मत, और / या रखरखाव के कारण है;
9.2.7 समय-समय पर आरबीआई और / या किसी अन्य नियामकीय प्राधिकरण द्वारा जारी किए गए नियमों,
                                            विनियमों, आदेशों, दिशानिर्देशों, अधिसूचनाओं के किसी भी संदिग्ध उल्लंघन के लिए या इसमें उल्लेखित नियमों
                                            और शर्तों के उल्लंघन के लिए; या
9.2.8 यदि अपनी उचित राय से बैंक का मानना है कि समाप्ति / निलंबन आवश्यक है.
प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का समापन
10.1 ग्राहक के पास किसी भी समय प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट बंद करने का विकल्प है. बैंक को ऐसे प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                    अकाउंट का समापन care@ freecharge.com पर ईमेल पर सूचित किया जा सकता है. समापन प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                    अकाउंट पर बकाया सभी राशियों के भुगतान और कोई अप्रयुक्त गिफ्ट इंस्ह्रमेंट न होने के अधीन प्रभावी होगा.
                                    यदि ग्राहक प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट बंद करना चाहता है और फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट में शेष राशि है, तो ग्राहक बैंक से
                                    धनराशि केवाईसी आवश्यकताओं के अनुपालन के बाद अपने बैंक खाते (बैंक द्वारा विधिवत सत्यापित) में
                                    स्थानांतरित करने का अनुरोध कर सकता है. प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट बंद करने की स्थिति में गिफ्ट इंस्ट्रमेंट में
                                    पड़ी राशि बैंक खाते में स्थानांतरित नहीं की जा सकती है.
10.2 यदि बैंक उचित रूप से व्यापारिक या सुरक्षा कारणों से आवश्यक मानता है तो बैंक किसी भी समय पूर्व
                                    सूचना दिए बिना प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का उपयोग प्रतिबंधित, समाप्त या निलंबित कर सकता है.
                                     इन नियमों और शर्तों के समाप्त होने के बाद या प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का उपयोग निलंबित रहने के दौरान प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                    अकाउंट का उपयोग नहीं किया जाना चाहिए.
10.3 बैंक इस तरह की सूचना प्राप्त होने के बाद पर्याप्त सत्यापन के आधार पर, प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट अवरूद्ध
                                    / निलंबित / बंद कर देगा और इसके संबंध में सभी सुविधाओं को समाप्त कर देगा और इस संबंध में ग्राहक
                                    को होने वाली किसी भी असुविधा या हानि के लिए उत्तरदायी नहीं होगा.
10.4 आपके फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट में मौजूद किसी भी मूल्य का निम्नलिखित तरीके से उपयोग किया जाना चाहिए :
10.4.1 न्यूनतम केवाईसी फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट के लिए - सक्रियण की तिथि से एक वर्ष के भीतर.
10.5 आपके फ्रीचार्ज गिफ्ट इंस्ह्रमेंट में मौजूद किसी भी मूल्य का निम्नलिखित तरीके से उपयोग किया जाना
                                    चाहिए :
10.5.4 सक्रियण की तिथि से एक वर्ष के भीतर
10.6 बैंक लागू कानूनों के अनुसार जैसा कि 10.4 और 10.5 में उल्लिखित है, फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट या फ्रीचार्ज गिफ्ट
                                    इंस्ट्रमेंट की समाप्ति अवधि बदलने का अधिकार सुरक्षित है,.
10.7 जारी किए जाने की तिथि से 10 वर्षों के भीतर उपयोग या आहरित नहीं किए गए फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट में
                                    मौजूद किसी भी मूल्य को जमाकर्ता शिक्षा और जागरूकता निधि में स्थानांतरित कर दिया जाएगा. बैंक प्रीपेड
                                    पेमेंट अकाउंट में बकाया राशि जब्त करने से पहले सेवाओं के उपयोग के लिए ग्राहक द्वारा प्रदान किए गए
                                    मोबाइल नंबर पर एसएमएस द्वारा और / या ईमेल आईडी पर ईमेल द्वारा ग्राहक को पैंतालिस (45) दिन की
                                    अग्रिम सूचना भेजेगा. यह सुनिश्चित करना ग्राहक की ज़िम्मेदारी है कि ईमेल आईडी और मोबाइल नंबर सहित
                                    ग्राहक द्वारा प्रदान की गई जानकारी हर समय अद्यतन की जाती है.
आपके अन्य दायित्व
11.1 आप कोई भी लेनदेन करने और उससे उत्पन्न होने वाले जोखिम के लिए पूरी तरह उत्तरदायी होंगे.
11.2 आप स्वीकार करते हैं कि आपके अनुरोध और जोखिम पर, बैंक आपको प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट प्रदान करने
                                    पर सहमत हुआ है और आप अपने प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के उपयोग से दर्ज किए गए सभी लेनदेन के लिए पूरी
                                    ज़िम्मेदारी स्वीकार करते हैं.
11.3 प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के माध्यम से दिया गया निर्देश अपरिवर्तनीय होगा.
11.4 आप सभी परिस्थितियों में आपकी जानकारी या आपके प्राधिकार से व्यक्त या विवक्षित प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                    अकाउंट के उपयोग के लिए पूरी ज़िम्मेदारी स्वीकार करेंगे, चाहे संसाधित किया गया हो या नहीं, जब तक कि
                                    धारा 13 के अनुसार अच्छादित न हो
11.5 आप लेनदेन के लिए प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का उपयोग करके लाभ उठाई गई राशियां अपने प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                    अकाउंट से डेबिट करने के लिए बैंक को अपरिवर्तनीय रूप से अधिकृत करते हैं.
11.6 आपको बैंक को सद्विश्वास से किए गए और लेनदेन पर आधारित व्यापार के सामान्य क्रम में उसके
                                    कार्यों के लिए के लिए क्षतिपूरित और हानिरहित रखना चाहिए.
11.7 बैंक लेनदेन करने में अपने सर्वोत्तम प्रयासों को नियोजित करेगा लेकिन किसी भी कारण से, चाहे जो भी
                                    हो, जिसमें इसकी देरी या लेनदेन या निर्देश पूरा करने में असमर्थता शामित्र है, ग्राहक या किसी अन्य व्यक्ति
                                    के प्रति अपने ऊपर कोई दायित्व नहीं लेगा.
11.8 प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के उपयोग के परिणामस्वरूप देय कोई भी सरकारी शुल्क, या डेबिट, या कर आपकी
                                    ज़िम्मेदारी होगी.
11.9 ग्राहक द्वारा बकाया और देय राशि, यदि अलग से भुगतान नहीं किया जाता है, बैंक द्वारा लागू कानूनों
                                    के अंतर्गत अनुमत सीमा तक प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट में उपलब्ध धनराशि से वसूल्न की जाएगी.
11.10 बैंक के पास आपको लेनदेन करने की अनुमति नहीं देने विवेकाधिकार होगा, जहाँ इसके पास यह मानने
                                        का कारण होगा कि प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का उपयोग अधिकृत नहीं है या लेनदेन संदिग्ध या अस्पष्ट या ऐसा
                                        प्रतीत होता है जो संदेह पैदा करता है.
प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट समाप्त करना और उसके परिणाम
12.1 लागू कानूनों के अंतर्गत अनुमत सीमा तक, बैंक अपने विवेक से आपको नोटिस देकर प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट
                                        की किन्हीं भी सेवाओं को बंद या समाप्त कर सकता है या इसकी किसी भी सुविधा में संशोधन कर सकता है.
12.2 आप एतददवारा सहमत हैं कि, किन्हीं भी प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट की सेवाएं बंद होने या समाप्त होने पर,
                                        आप ऐसे समय के भीतर अपने प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट में बकाया शेष राशि छुड़ा सकते हैं या किसी भी तृतिय
                                        पक्ष के साथ रखे गए / बनाए रखे गए प्रीपेड पेमेंट इंस्ट्रमेंट या बैंक खाते में स्थानांतरित कर सकते हैं, जैसा
                                        कि बैंक द्वारा निर्धारित किया जा सकता है, जिसमें विफल रहने पर, बैंक आपके प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट की शेष
                                        राशि ऐसी संस्था द्वारा जारी किसी अन्य प्रीपेड पेमेंट इंस्ट्रमेंट में हस्तांतरित कर सकता है जो आरबीआई से
                                        प्राधिकरण रखती है और जिसके साथ बैंक ने उचित व्यवस्था की है.
हानिपूर्ति और दायित्व की सीमा
13.1. किसी भी अनधिकृत लेनदेन के लिए बैंक या ग्राहक का दायित्व होगा :
13.1.1 ग्राहक का शूल्य दायित्व - शून्य दायित्व का ग्राहक का अधिकार वहाँ उत्पन्न होता है जहाँ
                                        अनधिकृत लेनदेन निम्नलिखित तरीके से होता है :
(ए) बैंक की ओर से अँशदायी धोखाधड़ी / लापरवाही / कमी (चाहे ग्राहक द्वारा लेनदेन की सूचना दी गई हो
                                        या नहीं इस बात से निरफपेक्ष)
(बी) तृतिय पक्ष का उल्लंघन जहाँ कमी न तो बैंक में और न ही ग्राहक में निहित होती है, बल्कि कहीं और
                                        प्रणाली में निहित होती है, और ग्राहक अनधिकृत लेनदेन के संबंध में बैंक से सूचना प्राप्त होने के तीन कार्य
                                        दिवसों के भीतर बैंक को सूचित करता है.
13.1.2. ग्राहक का सीमित दायित्व - ग्राहक निम्नलिखित मामल्रों में अनधिकृत लेनदेन के कारण होने वाली
                                        हानि के लिए उत्तरदायी होगा :
(ए) ऐसे मामल्रों में जहाँ हानि ग्राहक द्वारा ल्रापववाही के कारण होती है, जैसे कि जहाँ उसने भुगतान
                                        प्रत्यायक साझा किए हैं, ग्राहक बैंक को अनधिकृत लेनदेन की सूचना दिए जाने तक पूरी हानि उठाएगा.
                                        अनधिकृत लेनदेन की सूचना देने के बाद होने वाली कोई भी हानि बैंक द्वारा वहन की जाएगी.
(बी) ऐसे मामल्रों में जहाँ अनधिकृत इलेक्ट्रॉनिक बैंकिंग लेनदेन का उत्तरदायित्व न तो बैंक में और न ही
                                        ग्राहक में निहित होता है, बल्कि कहीं और प्रणाली में निहित होता है और इस तरह का लेनदेन बैंक को
                                        सूचित करने में ग्राहक की ओर से देरी (बैंक से सूचना प्राप्त होने के चार से सात कार्य दिवसों की) होने पर,
                                        ग्राहक का प्रति लेनदेन दायित्व लेनदेन मूल्य या रू. 40,000/-, जो भी कम हो, तक ही सीमित होगा.
                                        13.1.3 यदि ग्राहक अनधिकृत लेनदेन के संबंध में बैंक से सूचना प्राप्त होने के सात कार्य दिवसों के बाद
                                        बैंक को सूचित करता है, तो बैंक बैंक के बोर्ड की अनुमोदित नीति के अनुसार इसका मूल्यॉकन और निर्धारण
                                        करेगा
13.2 कार्रवाई के रूप से निरपेक्ष, वेबसाइट या सेवाओं के आपके उपयोग से संबंधित या उत्पन्न होने वाले
                                    किन्हीं और अन्य सभी दावों (धारा 13.1 में उल्लिखित दावों के अलावा) के लिए आपके प्रति बैंक का संचयी
                                    दायित्व, रू. 1000/- (केवल एक हजार भारतीय रुपये) से अधिक या लागू कानून के अनुसार, जो भी कम हो,
                                    
                                    होगा.
13.3 बैंक द्वारा ग्राहक को प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट की सुविधा प्रदान करने के प्रतिफल स्वरूप, आप एतददवारा
                                    ऐसे सभी कार्यों, दावों, माँगों, कार्यवाहियों, हानियों, क्षतियों, व्यक्तिगत चोटों, त्रागतों, शुल्कों और व्ययों, चाहे जो
                                    भी हों, (वकील की फीस समेत) से और के विरूद्ध बैंक की क्षतिपूर्ति करने और क्षतिपूरित रखने के लिए सहमत
                                    हैं, जिसे बैंक या उसके सेवा प्रदाता को किसी भी समय प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से ग्राहक को प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                    अकाउंट की उक्त सुविधा प्रदान करने के परिणामस्वरूप या के कारण या से उत्पन्न होने के नाते या बैंक के
                                    सद्विश्वास से कार्य करने और ग्राहक के निर्देशों पर कार्रवाई करने या कार्रवाई करना अस्वीकार करने या
                                    कार्रवाई करना छोड़ने के कारण, और विशेष रूप से प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से लापरवाही, गलती या ग्राहक के
                                    दुर्व्यवहार, प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट से संबंधित नियमों / विनियमों और शर्तों के उल्लंघन या लागू कानून के उल्लंघन
                                    या गैर-अनुपालन या ग्राहक द्वारा किसी भी लेनदेन से संबंधित धोखाधड़ी या बेईमानी से उत्पन्न होने के नाते
                                    वहन, उठाना, भुगतना या सहन करना पड़ सकता है.
13.4 पूर्वगामी के प्रति पूर्वाग्रह के बिना, बैंक प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से निम्नलिखित से उत्पन्न होने वाली
                                    किसी भी हानि या क्षति के संबंध में कार्डधारक के प्रति किसी भी उत्तरदायित्व, चाहे जो भी हो, के अधीन नहीं
                                    होगा :
13.4.1 व्यापारी से उत्पाद से संबंधित किसी भी मुद्दे से;
13.4.2 प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट पंजीकरण मानने या स्वीकार करने से मना करने से;
13.4.3  किसी भी कंप्यूटर / प्वाइंट ऑफ सेल टर्मिनत्र की खराबी से;
13.4.4 ग्राहक के अलावा अन्य द्वारा लेनदेन निर्देशों को संपन्‍न करने से;
13.4.5 ग्राहक द्वारा प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के क्रेडेशियल्स किसी तृतिय पक्ष को सौंपने से;
13.4.6 समाप्त होने से पहले प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का समर्पण करने की माँग और प्राप्त करने के बैंक द्वारा
                                            अपने अधिकार के प्रयोग से, चाहे बैंक या किसी व्यक्ति या कंप्यूटर टर्मिनत्र द्वारा ऐसी माँग और समर्पण
                                            किया गया हो और / या प्राप्त किया गया हो.
13.4.7 किसी भी प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट को समाप्त करने के बैंक के अपने अधिकार के प्रयोग से;
13.4.8 ग्राहक की साख, चरित्र और प्रतिष्ठा को कोई भी चोट, जिसका अरोप प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट वापस लेने के
                                            कारण लगाया गया है और / या इसे वापस लौंटाने का कोई भी अनुरोध या किसी भी व्यापारी द्वारा प्रीपेड
                                            पेमेंट अकाउंट लेना या स्वीकार करना मना करना;
13.4.9 बैंक द्वारा प्रकट किए गए किसी भी विवरण में किसी भी झूठे वर्णन, गल्रतबयानी, त्रुटि या चूक से,
                                            सिवाय जैसा कि अन्यथा कानून द्वारा आवश्यक है;
13.4.10 यदि बैंक को कोई भी परवाना, सम्मन, आदेश, आज्ञा, निष्पादन अन्यमनस्क, उद्‌ग्रहण, ग्रहणाधिकार,
                                            सूचना या नोटिस मित्रती है जिसे बैंक सद्विश्वास से प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट पर लेनदेन करने की ग्राहक की
                                            क्षमता या ग्राहक द्वारा अधिकृत होने का दावे करने वाले किसी व्यक्ति की क्षमता पर सवात्र उठाने वाला
                                            मानता या कहता है, बैंक, अपने विवेक से अपने विकल्‍प पर और ग्राहक या ऐसे अन्य व्यक्ति के प्रति किसी भी
                                            दायित्व के बिना, ग्राहक को अपनी निधियों का कोई भी हिस्सा प्राप्त करने की अनुमति देने से मना कर सकता
                                            है या ऐसी निधियां उपयुक्त प्राधिकारी को भुगतान कर सकता है और ब्रागू कानून द्वारा आवश्यक कोई भी
                                            अन्य कदम उठा सकता है. बैंक प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट पर उपलब्ध शेष राशि से सेवा शुल्क और अपने द्वारा
                                            उठाए गए किसी भी खर्च की कटौती करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित है, जिसमें सीमाबंधन रहित ग्राहक के प्रीपेड
                                            पेमेंट अकाउंट से जुड़ी कानूनी कार्रवाई के कारण कानूनी शुल्क शामिल है;
13.4.11 यदि या तो बैंक द्वारा या बैंक की ओर की ओर से कार्य कर रहे व्यक्ति द्वारा ग्राहक से बकाया देय
                                            राशियों के निपटान के लिए माँग या दावा किया जाता है, तो ग्राहक सहमत है और स्वीकार करता है कि ऐसी
                                            माँग या दावा मानहानि का कार्य या किसी भी तरह से ग्राहक के चरित्र के प्रति पक्षपाती या को दर्शाने वाला
                                            कार्य नहीं होगा.
13.5 प्रत्येक पक्ष यह स्वीकार करता है कि दूसरे पक्ष ने यहाँ उल्लिखित दायित्व की सीमाओं पर निर्भर करते
                                        हुए इन नियमों और शर्तों को माना है और ये सीमाएं पक्षों के बीच मोल्तोल का आवश्यक आधार हैं. इस धारा
                                        13 में निहित उत्तरदायित्व का बहिष्करण और सीमाएं एक पक्ष की पूरी लापरवाही या जानबूझकर दुर्व्यवहार से संबंधित या उत्पन्न होने वाली; या त्रागू कानूनों, गोपनीयता दायित्व के उल्लंघन या बौद्धिक संपदा अधिकारों
                                        का उल्लंघन के कारण होने वाली क्षतियों पर ब्रागू नहीं होंगी.
स्पैमिंग
14.1 आप स्पैम जैसा अनापेक्षित थोक संदेश भेजने के उददेश्य से या भेजने की सुविधा प्रदान करने के लिए
                                    हमारे या अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं द्वारा प्रदान की गई संपर्क जानकारी का उपयोग नहीं कर सकते हैं या ऐसी
                                    जानकारी इकठ्ठा नहीं कर सकते हैं. आप दूसरों को इस खंड की शर्तों का उल्लंघन करने के लिए अपने खाते
                                    का उपयोग करने की अनुमति नहीं दे सकते हैं. यदि आप या आपके क्रेडेंशियल्स का उपयोग करने वाला कोई
                                    भी व्यक्ति इन प्रावधानों का उल्लंघन करता है तो हम आपकी सदस्यता या वेबसाइट तक पहुँच समाप्त कर
                                    सकते हैं और अन्य कानूनी कार्रवाई कर सकते हैं.
अतिरिक्त शर्तें
15.1 वेबसाइट पर कुछ सेवाओं की अतिरिक्त शर्तें हो सकती हैं (जैसे कि नीतियाँ, दिशानिर्देश और नियम) जो
                                        उक्त विशेष सेवा का आपका उपयोग आगे नियंत्रित करेंगी और इन शर्तों का पूरक होंगी. यदि आप ऐसी किन्हीं
                                        भी सेवाओं के लिए पंजीकरण करने या पहुँच का विकल्प चुनते हैं, तो आपको उस समय के किन्हीं भी प्रासंगिक
                                        अतिरिक्त नियमों और शर्तों को प्रस्तुत किया जाएगा. इन सेवाओं का उपयोग करके, आप ऐसे अतिरिक्त
                                        दिशानिर्देशों और नियमों का पालन करने के लिए सहमत हैं.
अस्वीकृति
16.1 कानून द्वारा अनुमत अधिकतम सीमा तक, सेवा "जैसी है" और "जैसी उपलब्ध है" आधार पर प्रदान की
                                    जाती है, और बैंक एतद्दवारा किसी भी और सभी वारंटियों, स्पष्ट और विवक्षित, को स्पष्ट रूप से अस्वीकार
                                    करता है, जिसमें स्थिति, गुणवत्ता, स्थायित्व, प्रदर्शन, सटीकता, विश्वसनीयता, उपलब्धता, व्यापारिकता या किसी
                                    विशेष उद्देश्य के लिए उपयुक्तता या गैर-उल्लंघन शामित्र है लेकिन जो इतने तक सीमित नहीं है. इस तरह
                                    की सभी वारंटियां, अभ्यावेदन, स्थितियां, वचन और शर्तें एतद्द्वारा अपवर्जित की जाती हैं. कानून द्वारा अनुमत
                                    अधिकतम सीमा तक, बैंक वेबसाइट पर या उसके माध्यम से प्रदान की गई किसी भी जानकारी की वैधता,
                                    सटीकता, विश्वसनीयता, गुणवत्ता, स्थिरता, पूर्णता या वर्तमानता के संबंध में कोई अभ्यावेदन नहीं करता या वारंटी
                                    नहीं देता है. सेवा का उपयोग आपके अपने जोखिम पर है. बैंक से या सेवाओं के माध्यम से आपके द्वारा प्राप्त
                                    की गई कोई भी सलाह या जानकारी, चाहे मौखिक हो या लिखित, कोई वारंटी सृजित नहीं करेगी जो यहां स्पष्ट
                                    रूप से नहीं बताई गई है. पूर्वगामी को सीमित किए बिना, बैंक वारंटी नहीं देता है कि यह विषयवस्तु सटीक,
                                    भरोसेमंद या सही है; कि सेवाएं आपकी आवश्यकताएं पूरी करेंगी; कि सेवाएं किसी भी विशेष समय या स्थान
                                    पर, निर्बाध या सुरक्षित, उपलब्ध होंगी; कि किसी भी दोष या त्रुटि को सही कर दिया जाएगा; या सेवाएं वायरस
                                    या अन्य हानिकारक घटकों से मुक्त है. बैंक डेटा के नुकसान; सेवाओं तक पहुँच और / या के उपयोग में
                                    व्यवधान या रोक; वेबसाइट में व्यवधान या रोक; कनेक्टिविटी लिंक / हाइपरलिंक्स की अनुपलब्धता के
                                    परिणामस्वरूप सीमाबंधन रहित प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से हुई या उत्पन्न होने वाली किसी भी हानि या क्षति
                                    के लिए उत्तरदायी नहीं होगा.
16.2 सेवा के उपयोग के माध्यम से डाउनलोड या अन्यथा प्राप्त की गई कोई भी सामग्री प्रत्येक ग्राहक के
                                        विवेक और जोखिम पर होती है और प्रत्येक ग्राहक अपनी कंप्यूटर प्रणाली या संपत्ति को होने वाले किसी भी नुकसान या डेटा की हानि के लिए पूरी तरह जिम्मेदार है जो ऐसी किसी भी सामग्री डाउनलोड करने से होता

                                        है.
16.3 बैंक सेवाओं या किसी हाइपरलिंक्ड वेबसाइट या सेवा के माध्यम से किसी तृतिय पक्ष द्वारा विज्ञापित या
                                        प्रदान किए गए, या किसी बैनर या अन्य विज्ञापन में दिखाए गए उत्पादों के लिए कोई वारंटी, समर्थन, गारंटी
                                        नहीं देता या जिम्मेदारी नहीं लेता है, और बैंक आप और वस्तुओं और / या सेवाओं के तृतीय पक्ष प्रदाताओं के
                                        बीच किसी भी लेनदेन में पक्ष नहीं होगा या किसी भी तरह से निगरानी नहीं करेगा. सेवाओं के माध्यम से
                                        किसी तृतिय पक्ष द्वारा कोई भी विज्ञापन ऐक्सिस बैंक द्वारा तृतिय पक्ष के उत्पादों या सेवाओं की बिक्री /
                                        खरीद के लिए सलाह या आग्रह का गठन नहीं करेगा या गठन करने वाला नहीं माना जाएगा और कोई भी
                                        अधिकार और दायित्व सृजित करने के लिए अभिप्रेत नहीं होगा.
16.4 सेवाएं भारत से और भारत में नियंत्रित और संचाल्नित होती हैं. बैंक और / या इसके अधिकृत सेवा प्रदाता
                                        इस बात का कोई अभ्यावेदन नहीं करते हैं कि सेवाएं उचित हैं या अन्य स्थानों पर उपयोग के लिए उपलब्ध
                                        हैं. जो लोग अन्य अधिकार क्षेत्र से सेवाओं तक पहुंचते हैं या उनका उपयोग करते हैं, वे अपने स्वयं की इच्छा
                                        से ऐसा करते हैं और सभी लागू कानूनों, नियमों, विनियमों, दिशानिर्देशों के अनुपालन के लिए पूरी तरह जिम्मेदार
                                        हैं, जिसमें नियात्‌ और आयात विनियम और आरबीआई के विनियम शामिल है लेकिन जो इतने तक सीमित
                                        नहीं है. यदि आप भारत द्वारा व्यापार रोधित देश के निवासी हैं, या आप भारतीय सरकार द्वारा अवरुद्ध या
                                        अस्वीकृत विदेशी व्यक्ति या इकाई हैं, तो आप सेवा का उपयोग नहीं कर सकते हैं. जब तक अन्यथा स्पष्ट रूप
                                        से न कहा जाए, सेवाओं पर पाई जाने वाली सभी सामग्रियां पूरी तरह से भारत में स्थित व्यक्तियों, कंपनियों
                                        या अन्य संस्थाओं के प्रति निर्देशित हैं.
16.5 सेवाओं में व्यवधान और / या उपयोग की या सेवाओं तक पहुँच की हानि की स्थिति में बैंक का एकमात्र
                                        दायित्व और आपका एकमात्र और अनन्य उपचार, यथासंभव शीघ्रता से सेवाओं और / या पहुंच को पुनर्स्थापित
                                        करने के लिए सभी उचित प्रयासों का उपयोग करना होगा.
16.6 बैंक प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का उपयोग करने वाले व्यापारियों के संबंध में कोई अभ्यावेदन नहीं करता या
                                        गारंटी नहीं देता है. प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का उपयोग किसी भी तरह से व्यापारी के अस्तित्व, यथार्थता / वैधता,
                                        क्षमता, नीतियों, प्रथाओं, मान्यताओं के साथ-साथ व्यापारी के उत्पादों और विश्वसनीयता का बैंक द्वारा किसी
                                        भी समर्थन का प्रतिनिधित्व नहीं करता है. अकेले व्यापारी ग्राहक के प्रति ज़िम्मेदार होगा और न तो हमारे और
                                        न ही हमसे जुड़ा किसी भी व्यक्ति पर व्यापारी से खरीदी गई वस्तुओं और सेवाओं के लिए ग्राहक के प्रति कोई
                                        ज़िम्मेदारी या उत्तरदायित्व होगा.
16.7 बैंक और व्यापारी के बीच संबंध प्रिंसिपल-टू-प्रिंसिपल आधार पर है.
योग, परिवर्तन, सेवाओं की वापसी और नियम व शर्तों का संशोधन :
17.1 बैंक अपने पूर्ण विवेक से, और लागू कानूनों के अंतर्गत अनुमत सीमा तक, ग्राहक को और अधिक सेवाएं
                                        उपलब्ध करा सकता है या प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट पर सेवाओं, प्वाइंट ऑफ सेल टर्मिनल्रों, ग्राहक की सुविधा और
                                        उपयोग के लिए साझा नेटवर्क के माध्यम से इंटरनेट या अन्यथा और / या अन्य उपकरणों में बदलाव कर सकता है. जैसा कि समय-समय पर बैंक द्वारा निर्धारित किया गया है, इन उपकरणों पर ग्राहक द्वारा किए
                                        गए लेनदेन से संबंधित सभी शुल्क और प्रभार प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट पर उपत्रब्ध शेष राशि से डेबिट करके वसूल्ले
                                        जाएँगे. ग्राहत समझता है और सहमति देता है कि साझा नेटवर्क भिन्न-भिन्न कार्यक्षमताएं और सेवा प्रस्ताव
                                        और विभिन्‍न सेवाओं के लिए अलग-अलग शुल्क प्रदान कर सकते है. बैंक अपने पूर्ण विवेक से किसी भी समय,
                                        ग्राहक को सूचना दिए बिना भारत के भीतर पीओएस टर्मिनत्र / इंटरनेट / अन्य उपकरणों पर प्रीपेड पेमेंट
                                        अकाउंट और / या उससे संबंधित सेवाओं का उपयोग करने की सुविधा वापस लेने, बंद करने, रद्द करने, नित्रंबित
                                        / या समाप्त करने का हकदार होगा. और इस तरह की वापसी, समापन, निरस्तीकरण, निलंबन या समाप्ति के
                                        परिणामस्वरूप किसी भी तरह से ग्राहक द्वारा भुगते गए किसी भी नुकसान या क्षति के लिए उसके प्रति
                                        उत्तरदायी नहीं होगा.
17.2 हमें हमारे एकमात्र और पूर्ण विवेकाधिकार से ॥05:/0५0-.॥86०॥६७०.॥ पर अधिसूचना डालकर या
                                        अन्यथा आपको अधिसूचना संचारित करके किसी भी समय सेवा की इन शर्तों के किसी भी हिस्से में परिवर्तन,
                                        रूपांतरण या संशोधन करने का अधिकार है. प्रारंभिक प्रविष्टि के बाद परिवर्तन प्रभावी हो जाएँगे, और आपके
                                        द्वारा स्वीकार माने जाएँगे और प्रविष्टि की तिथि के बाद शुरू किए गए लेनदेन के संबंध में आगे बढ़ने के
                                        आधार पर लागू होंगे. आपको यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए समय-समय पर इन नियमों और शर्तों को देखना
                                        सुनिश्चित करना चाहिए कि आप उसके सबसे हात्र के संस्करण से परिचित हैं. यदि आप इस तरह के किसी
                                        भी रूपांतरण से सहमत नहीं हैं, तो आपका एकमात्र और अनन्य उपचार सेवाओं का अपना उपयोग समाप्त
                                        करना है.
सूचना का प्रकटीकरण और बौद्धिक संपदा अधिकार
18.1 बैंक सक्षम अधिकार क्षेत्र वाले न्‍यायात्रय, अर्ध न्यायिक प्राधिकरणों, कानून प्रवर्तन एजेंसियों, नियामकीय
                                        प्राधिकरणों और केंद्र सरकार या राज्य सरकार की किसी भी अन्य शाखा से ग्राहक की जानकारी का खुलासा
                                        करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखता है. ग्राहक एतददवारा प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के संबंध में सेवाएं प्रदान करने के
                                        लिए बैंक और उसके अधिकृत सेवा प्रदाता (प्रदाताओं) या एजेंसियों या साझेदारों के साथ अपनी जानकारी साझा
                                        करने की सहमति देता है.
18.2 ग्राहक से संबंधित किसी भी जानकारी का उपयोग आम तौर पर सेवाएं प्रदान करने, सेवाओं में सुधार त्राने
                                        और अन्यथा के लिए किया जाता है बैंक द्वारा किस तरह की जानकारी एकत्रित, संग्रहीत, उपयोग, साझा की
                                        जाती है इसके विस्तृत विवरण के लिए वेबसाइट 'ट पर उपलब्ध गोपनीयता नीति देखें.
18.3 उपयोगकर्ता इंटरफेस, ग्राफिक्स, लोगो, डिज़ाइन, संकलन, सूचना, कंप्यूटर कोड (स्रोत कोड और ऑब्जेक्ट
                                        कोड सहित), उत्पाद, सॉफ़्टवेयर, सेवाएं, और बैंक द्वारा प्रदान की जाने वाली सेवा के अन्य सभी तत्व कॉपीराइट,
                                        डिज़ाइन, पेटेंट, और ट्रेडमार्क कानूनों, अंतरराष्ट्रीय अभिसमयों और या तो बैंक या बैंक के अधिकृत सेवा प्रदाता
                                        (प्रदाताओं) के अन्य लागू बौद्धिक संपदा और स्वामित्व अधिकारों द्वारा सुरक्षित हैं.
18.4 इसमें शामित्र कुछ भी, ग्राहक को बैंक के बौद्धिक संपदा अधिकारों का उपयोग, अनुप्रयोग, लंघन करने
                                        या किसी भी तरह से शोषण या उल्लंघन करने के लिए अधिकृत नहीं करेगा, और इसका उपयोग इन नियमों
                                        और शर्तों और इस तरह की स्वीकृतियों और नीतियों के अनुपालन में होगा जैसा कि समय-समय पर अधिसूचित किया जा सकता है. इसके अतिरिक्त, ग्राहक किसी भी तृतिय पक्ष के बौद्धिक संपदा अधिकारों का उल्लंघन
                                        नहीं करने का वचन देता है.
18.5 ग्राहक किसी भी तृतिय पक्ष के माध्यम से चाहे प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से बैंक के बौद्धिक संपदा
                                        अधिकारों का उल्लंघन नहीं करने का वचन देता है. ग्राहक आश्वासन देता है कि वह केवल इन नियमों और
                                        शर्तों के प्रयोजनों के लिए वेबसाइट, सॉफ्टवेयर एप्लिकेशन और सेवाओं का उपयोग करेगा. ग्राहक या ग्राहक
                                        द्वारा सशक्त कोई अन्य व्यक्ति किसी भी रूप में वेबसाइट और सॉफ्टवेयर एप्लिकेशन और / या बैंक की
                                        सेवाओं और सॉफ्टवेयर का उपयोग नहीं करेगा :
18.5.1 ऐसा ही या समतुल्य सॉफ्टवेयर प्रोग्राम डिजाइन, साकार, वितरण या विपणन करने के लिए;
18.5.2 किसी भी कारण से, चाहे जो भी हो, जिसमें अन्य बातों के साथ, एक नया सॉफ्टवेयर प्रोग्राम या
                                            व्युत्पन्न सॉफ्टवेयर प्रोग्राम बनाने का उद्देश्य शामित्र है, बैंक या उसके तृतिय पक्ष सेवा प्रदाता के सॉफ्टवेयर
                                            एप्लीकेशनों और वेबसाइट या व्यापारी के वेबसाइट को अनुकूल्रित, संशोधित, परिवर्तित या पुनर्व्यवस्थित करने
                                            के लिए;
18.5.3 बैंक सॉफ्टवेयर एप्लीकेशन और व्यापारी की वेबसाइट के अनधिकृत उपयोग या तक पहुँच की अनुमति
                                            देने के लिए;
18.5.4 बैंक सॉफ्टवेयर एप्लीकेशन और व्यांपारी की वेबसाइट डिस्असेंबल, रिवर्स इंजीनियर, डिकंपाइल, डिकोड
                                            या डीकोड करने का प्रयास करने के लिए;
18.5.5 बैंक सॉफ्टवेयर एप्लीकेशन और व्यापारी की वेबसाइट डिस्असेंबल, रिवर्स इंजीनियर, डिकंपाइल या डीकोड
                                            किए जाने की अनुमति देने के लिए; और / या
18.5.6 किसी भी तरह से बैंक सॉफ्टवेयर एप्लींकेशन और व्यापारी के वेबसाइट में एकीकृत किसी भी सुरक्षा
                                            प्रणाली का लंघन करने या तोड़ने के लिए.
विवाद
19.1 भारत के कानूनों द्वारा ये नियम और शर्तें नियंत्रित होंगी और के अनुसार अर्थान्वित की जाएँगी. चाहे
                                    इस मामले में किसी अन्य न्‍यायात्रय का समवर्ती क्षेत्राधिकार हो सकता है, इस बात से निरपेक्ष सभी विवाद
                                    नई दिल्‍ली के न्‍्यायात्रयों के अनन्य क्षेत्राधिकार के अधीन हैं. एतददवारा प्रत्येक पक्ष अपरिवर्तनीय रूप से किसी
                                    भी आपत्ति का त्याग करता है, जिसे ऐसे पक्ष को अभी या इसके बाद अनुचित स्थान या मंच असुविधा पर आगे
                                    रखना पड़ सकता है. प्रत्येक पक्ष इस बात पर सहमत है कि इस तरह की किसी भी कार्रवाई या कार्यवाही में
                                    निर्णय, निर्णय पर नालिश द्वारा या कानून द्वारा प्रावधान किए गए किसी भी तरीके से अन्य न्यायक्षेत्रों में
                                    लागू किया जा सकता है.
सचार
20.1 जब आप सेवाओं का उपयोग करते हैं या बैंक को ईमेल या अन्य डेटा, सूचना या संचार भेजते हैं, तो आप
                                    ईमेल निर्देश भेजने में शामिल जोखिमों से अवगत होते हैं, जिनमें यह जोखिम भी शामित्र है कि ईमेल निर्देश
                                    : (ए) धोखाधड़ी या गलती से लिखे, बदले या भेजे; और (बी) इच्छित प्राप्तकर्ता द्वारा पूर्णतया या अंशतया प्राप्त
                                    नहीं किए जा सकते हैं; आप घोषणा और पुष्टि करते हैं कि आप शामित्र जोखिमों (जो जोखिम पूरी तरह से
                                    आपके द्वारा उठाए जाएँगे) से पूरी तरह से अवगत हैं और उचित रूप से विचार करके बैंक से किसी भी निर्देश
                                    पर भरोसा करके कार्य करने के लिए अनुरोध किया और को अधिकृत किया है जैसा कि समय-समय पर उपरोक्त
                                    वर्णित ईमेल द्वारा दिया जा सकता है. बैंक आपकी पहचान या कोई निर्देश देने या देने का आशय रखने वाले
                                    प्राधिकरण के संबंध में या किसी भी ईमेल संदेश की प्रामाणिकता के संबंध में जाँच-पड़ताल पूछताछ के बिना
                                    उपर्युक्तानुसार कार्य कर सकता है (लेकिन करने के लिए बाध्य नहीं होगा) और निर्देश के समय प्रचलित
                                    परिस्थितियों से निरपेक्ष और उसके संबंध में कोई भी त्रुटि, गलतफहमी, स्पष्टता की कमी, धोखाधड़ी, जात्साजी,
                                    या प्राधिकरण की कमी होने के बावजूद, और किसी पुष्टि की माँग किए बिना इसे आपके द्वारा पूरी तरह से
                                    अधिकृत और आप पर बाध्यकारी मान सकता है बशर्ते कि बैंक की ओर से कार्य करने वाले व्यक्ति ने निर्देश
                                    वास्तविक माना था जिस समय इस पर कार्य किया गया था.
20.2 आप समय-समय पर और जब आवश्यक हो, बैंक से इलेक्ट्रॉनिक रिकॉर्ड के माध्यम से संचार प्राप्त करने
                                        के लिए सहमति देते हैं. बैंक आपसे आपके प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट या वेबसाइट पर इलेक्ट्रॉनिक रिकॉर्ड के संबंध
                                        में ईमेल द्वारा या नोटिस से संवाद करेगा जिसे नोटिस / इलेक्ट्रॉनिक रिकॉर्ड का पर्याप्त तामील समझा जाएगा.
                                        यदि सूचना प्रौद्योगिकी अधिनियम, 2000 के संदर्भ में आपके प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट सहित आपके निर्दिष्ट
                                        
                                        इलेक्ट्रॉनिक पते पर दस्तावेज तामील किया जाता है, तो आप एतददवारा किसी भी और सभी कानूनी कार्यवाहियों
                                        के अंतर्गत दस्तावेज़ों की तामीली को चुनौती देने के अपने सभी अधिकारों छोड़ते हैं.
20.3 इसमें या अन्यत्र निहित किसी बात के होते हुए भी, बैंक पूर्ण या निर्देशों के किसी भाग या किसी भी
                                        निर्देश में निहित दिशानिर्देशों के अनुसार कार्य करने के लिए बाध्य नहीं होगा और अपने पूर्ण विवेक और विशेष
                                        निश्चय से किसी भी निर्देश के अनुसार कार्य करना अस्वीकार या कार्य करना छोड़ सकता है या किसी भी निर्देश
                                        के अनुसार कार्य करना टाल सकता है और ऐसा आपके जोखिम पर होगा और बैंक ऐसे किसी भी इनकार या
                                        कार्य करने में चूक या कार्य के आस्थगन के परिणामों के लिए उत्तरदायी नहीं होगा.
20.4 ग्राहक नीचे दिए गए किसी भी बिंदु पर बैंक से संपर्क कर सकते हैं : care@ freecharge.com पर ईमेल
                                        करें.
शुल्क और प्रभार
21.1 बैंक दवारा यथा निर्धारित प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट से संबंधित सभी शुल्क और प्रभार प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट
                                    डेबिट करके या अन्य माध्यमों के माध्यम से वसूल्र किए जाएंगे जैसा कि उपलब्ध और लागू होंगे. शुल्क
                                    वापसीयोग्य नहीं है. प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट के उपयोग के परिणामस्वरूप देय कोई भी सरकारी प्रभार, शुल्क या
                                    डेबिट, या कर ग्राहक की ज़िम्मेदारी होगी और यदि बैंक (या तो प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से) पर आरोपित किया
                                    जाता है, तो बैंक प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट खाते के विरूद्ध इस तरह के प्रभार, शुल्क या कर डेबिट करेगा.
21.2. बैंक आपके प्रीपेड पेमेंट आउंट का उपयोग कर किए गए लेनदेनों के लिए एक महीने पहले नोटिस प्रदान
                                    करने के बाद किसी भी समय ग्राहक पर कोई भी शुल्क / प्रभार प्रभारित करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखता है.
21.3 प्रीपेड पेमेंट अकाउंट का उपयोग करने के लिए लागू शुल्क बैंक के विवेक से समय-समय पर परिवर्तन के
                                    अधीन हैं. बैंक द्वारा यथा निर्धारित वर्तमान में लागू शुल्कों और प्रभारों का विवरण वेबसाइट पर प्रदर्शित किया
                                    जाएगा.
वर्तमान शुल्क/प्रभारों की सूची :
प्रीपेड पेमेट अकाउंट लेनदेन का प्रकार
शुल्क
जारी करने का शुल्क
शून्य
लोडिंग शुल्क
शून्य
फंड ट्रांसफर (दूसरे फ्रीचार्ज वॉलेट में)
शून्य
फंड ट्रांसफर (बैंक खाते में)
लेनदेन का 3%
जब तक कि प्रभारों की इस अनुसूची में स्पष्ट रूप से कहा न गया हो, वस्तु और सेवा कर, जैसा कि सभी
                                    शुल्कों पर समय-समय पर लागू हो सकते हैं, अधिभार और अन्य प्रभार ग्राहक पर लगाए जाएँगे.
सामान्य प्रावधान
22.1
समनुदेशन
: आप किसी भी तृतिय पक्ष को यह अनुबंध या यहाँ दिया गया कोई भी अधिकार या कोई
                                    भी दायित्व समनुदेशित या अन्यथा हस्तांतरित नहीं कर सकते हैं और ऐसा कोई भी समनुदेशन या हस्तांतरण
                                    या अभिप्रेत समनुदेशन या अंतरण आरंभत: शून्य होगा. इस अनुबंध के अंतर्गत बैंक के अधिकार और / या
                                    दायित्व आपकी पूर्व सहमति माँगने की आवश्यकता के बिना बैंक द्वारा किसी भी तृतिय पक्ष को स्वतंत्र रूप
                                    से समनुदेशित करने योग्य या अन्यथा हस्तांतरणीय हैं. बैंक सर्वोत्तम प्रयास के आधार पर इस अनुबंध के
                                    अंतर्गत नोटिस आवश्यकताओं के अनुसार आपको इस तरह का समनुदेशन या हस्तांतरण सूचित कर सकता है.
22.2
विच्छेदनीयता
: यदि, किसी भी कारण से, सक्षम अधिकार क्षेत्र वाल्रा न्यायालय इस समझौते का कोई भी
                                    प्रावधान, या इसका हिस्सा अपरिवर्तनीय पाता है, तो वह प्रावधान उक्त प्रावधान द्वारा यथा प्रतिबिंबित पक्षों के
                                    अभिप्राय को प्रभावी बनाने के लिए अनुमत अधिकतम सीमा तक लागू होगा, और शेष समझौता पूर्ण बल और
                                    प्रभाव में जारी रहेगा. बैंक प्रवर्तनीय बनाने के लिए ऐसा प्रावधान उचित तरीके से संशोधित कर सकता है और
                                    इस तरह के संशोधन को इस अनुबंध की संशोधन शर्तों के अनुसार प्रभावी बनाया जाएगा.
22.3
स्वत्व त्याग
: इस अनुबंध के किसी भी प्रावधान या किसी भी संबंधित अधिकार को प्रवर्तित करने या
                                    प्रयोग करने में किसी भी पक्ष द्वारा कोई भी विफलता या विलंब, उक्त प्रावधान या अधिकार का ऐसे पक्ष द्वारा
                                    स्वत्व त्याग का गठन नहीं करेगा. इसके अंतर्गत किसी पक्ष के एक या अधिक अधिकारों का प्रयोग इस अनुबंध
                                    के अंतर्गत या कानून में या इक्विटी में ऐसे पक्ष को उपलब्ध किसी भी अधिकार या उपचार का अधित्याग नहीं
                                    होगा या का प्रयोग प्रतिबन्धित नहीं करेगा. किसी भी पक्ष द्वारा कोई भी स्वत्व त्याग केवल लिखित में किया
                                    जाएगा और ऐसे पक्ष के विधिवत अधिकृत अधिकारी द्वारा निष्पादित किया जाएगा.
22.4
अप्रत्याशित
: यदि बैंक द्वारा इस अनुबंध के अंतर्गत किसी भी सेवा या दायित्व का निष्पादन श्रम
                                    विवादों, हड़तालों, ईश्वरीय कृत्य, बाढ़, तडित, कठोर मौसम, सामग्रियों की कमी, राशनिंग, जनोपयोगी सेवाओं या
                                    संचार की विफलताओं, भूकंप, युद्ध, क्रांति, आतंकवादी कृत्यों, नागरिक विद्रोह, सार्वजनिक शत्रुओं के कार्यों, नाकाबंदी,
                                    व्यापार प्रतिषेध या किसी भी कानून, आदेश, उद्घोषणा, विनियमन, अध्यादेश, किसी भी सरकार या किसी भी
                                    न्यायिक प्राधिकरण या ऐसी किसी भी सरकार के प्रतिनिधि का कानूनी प्रभाव रखनेवाली मांग या आवश्यकता,
                                    किसी भी संचार प्रणाली की अनुपल्रब्धता, उल्लंघन, व्यवधान या खराबी या सेवाओं के प्रबंध के लिए उपयोग की
                                    जाने वाली प्रक्रियाओं या प्रणाली में वायरस / मालवेयर / बग, कंप्यूटर हैकिंग, कंप्यूटर डेटा और संग्रहण उपकरण
                                    तक अनधिकृत पहुँच, कंप्यूटर क्रैश, सुरक्षा और एन्क्रिप्शन के उल्लंघन, इत्यादि या किसी भी अन्य कार्य के
                                    कारण, चाहे जो भी हो, चाहे इस खंड में निदिष्ट कार्यों के समान या असमान हो, प्रतिबंधित, निषिद्ध, विल्रंबित
                                    या बाधित किया जाता है जो बैंक या बैंक के उप-ठेकेदार के रूप में ऐसी सेवाएं निष्पादित करने वाले इसके
                                    तृतिय पक्ष के उचित नियंत्रण से परे हैं और उचित सावधानी (प्रत्येक, "अप्रत्याशित घटना") से नहीं रोका जा
                                    सकता था, तो बैंक को इस तरह की अप्रत्याशित घटना की सीमा तक और की अवधि के दौरान ऐसे निष्पादन
                                    से मुक्त किया जाएगा. बैंक इसके अंतर्गत अपने दायित्वों का निष्पादन जारी रखने के लिए सभी उचित
                                    वाणिज्यिक प्रयासों का प्रयोग करेगा.
22.5 पूर्वगामी के बावजूद, इस समझौते की ऐसी शर्तें जो इस समझौते की समाप्ति / अवसान से बचने के लिए
                                    है, अनिश्चित काल तक अस्तित्व में रहेंगी जब तक कि बैंक उन्हें समाप्त नहीं करना चाहता है.
22.6 यदि इस समझौते के संबंध में आपका कोई प्रश्न या चिंता हैं, तो हमें  care@ freecharge.com पर संपूर्ण
                                    विवरण भेजें. हम सभी उपयोगकर्ता अनुरोधों का जवाब देने का प्रयास करते हैं.
22.7 यदि आपका कॉपीराइट उल्लंघन का कोई प्रश्न या दावा है, तो हमसे  care@ freecharge.com पर संपर्क
                                    करें.
Terms and Conditions for Mutual Fund Distribution Services
Last Updated on October 26, 2021
In terms of Information Technology Act, 2000, this document is an electronic record, being generated by a computer system and it does not require any physical or digital signature.
Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited (“Freecharge,” “We,” “Our,” or “Us”) is registered with Association of Mutual Funds in India (“
AMFI
”) with ARN 146145. Freecharge is a sub-distributor of Axis Securities Limited (“
ASL
”) which is registered with AMFI with ARN 64610 and acts as a distributor of mutual funds for various asset management companies.
By accepting these terms and conditions, You agree to be bound by the Terms of Use for Freecharge Account (“
Terms of Use
”), these additional terms and conditions for mutual fund distribution services (“
Mutual Fund Terms
”) and the Freecharge Privacy Policy. These terms and conditions are published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and user agreement for access or usage of the intermediary's computer resource by any person.
We request You to read the contents of Mutual Fund Terms carefully. If You disagree with the Mutual Fund Terms, Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and/or disclaimers, We request You to not signup or avail Our mutual fund distribution services (“
Distribution Services
”).
I.   Definitions/Interpretation
a.  "
Applicable Laws
" shall mean all laws, ordinance, statutes, rules, orders, decrees, injunctions, licences, permits, approvals, authorisations, consents, waivers, privileges, agreements, and regulations of any governmental, regulatory and/or statutory authority having jurisdiction over the relevant matter as such which are in effect as of the date hereof or as may be amended, modified, enacted, or revoked from time to time hereafter.
b.   "
AMC
" An asset management company (AMC) is a company that invests its clients' pooled funds into securities through mutual funds.
c.   "
AMFI
" means Association of Mutual Funds in India.
d.   "
NPCI
" means National Payments Commission of India.
e.   "
RBI
" means Reserve Bank of India.
f.   "
SEBI
" means the Securities & Exchange Board of India.
g.   "KYC" KYC shall mean all requirements with respect to KYC Registration Agency as per the SEBI KYC (Know Your Client) Registration Agency Regulations, 2011 and/or the SEBI Master Circular dated July 04, 2018 issued on Guidelines on Anti-Money Laundering Standards and Combating the Financing of Terrorism /Obligations of Securities Market Intermediaries under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002 and rules framed there under (as amended from time to time ) (“
SEBI KYC Master Circular
”)  along with SEBI Circular  on e-KYC and all other circulars issued from time to time for a user to be compliant with the KYC related  regulatory requirements  in this regard.
h.   “
Platform
” shall mean the Freecharge mobile application, website and/or m-site.
i.   "
Offer Documents
" shall mean the Statement of Additional Information, Scheme Information Document, Key Information Memorandum and addenda issued from time to time by AMC.
II.  The words “
User/him/his/her/You/Your/Investor
” under the Mutual Fund Terms refer to the person(s) who use and avail Distribution Services and shall include singular and plural. The Distribution Services provided herein is only for Users who are Indian citizens and tax residents of India. Without prejudice to any other specific requirement which may be laid out in these Mutual Fund Terms, Your use of the Distribution Services and specifically, Your acceptance of these Mutual Fund Terms as aforesaid shall be deemed to be a representation from You that You are above 18 years of age, and are fully able, conscious and competent to enter into these Mutual Fund Terms and make Your investment decisions, execute the investment transactions, evaluate the advice, if any, and confirm to abide by and comply with the terms set forth herein. While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the Distribution Services, they shall do so only with parents and / or legal guardians acting on their behalf. If You do not qualify, please do not access, or use the Distribution Services.
III. The User agrees to provide all the necessary information and documents (“
KYC Information
”) to Freecharge so as to enable them to complete User's KYC verification with a KYC Registration Agency (“
KRA
”), registered under the SEBI (KYC Registration Agency) Regulations, 2011, including e-KYC or central KYC or any other process as specified in SEBI/AMFI circulars from time to time. The User understands and agrees that for the purpose of KYC verification, Freecharge shall share the User’s KYC Information with third parties including but not limited to AMCs/ KRAs. Such KYC verification is required to comply with the SEBI KYC Master Circular and any other circulars issued thereunder by SEBI/AMFI. The User agrees and understands that he/she shall be solely liable to inform Freecharge and/or the AMC in case of any change in his/her KYC information including change in signature/ signatories etc. and in the event of the User’s signature not being updated, available or legible in KYC records / change in resident status / change in FATCA & CRS declaration. Freecharge and/or the AMC would be within its rights to carry out further checks to validate the authenticity of the request or reject any such offline request based on existing KYC information.
IV.  The User has read and understood the contents of the Offer Documents like Scheme Information Document, Statement of Additional Information, Key information Memorandum, Instructions and agrees to abide by the Terms and Conditions, rules and regulations of the Mutual Fund/Scheme and Online Facility in which User Invest.
V.   The User confirms that the User has neither received nor have been induced by any rebate or gifts, directly or indirectly, in making this investment and no obligation was imposed on the User to avail the Distribution Services offered by Freecharge.
VI.  All payments should be through legitimate source and should be in compliance with the policies and guidelines laid down by RBI, NPCI, SEBI, through the User’s own bank account only. In case of a joint bank account, the User should be one of the holders of such bank account and should also be authorized by the other bank account holder to make such purchase through the Distribution Services offered by Freecharge.
VII. In case of micro investments, the User confirms that the User does not have any existing micro systematic investment plan /lumpsum investments which together with the current application will result in aggregate investments exceeding Rs. 50,000 in a year.
VIII.    The User understands that investment instructions placed by the User through the Platform may be delayed or rejected or not executed by the AMC for any reason including but limited to non-availability of sufficient funds in the User’s linked bank account, technical or connectivity  failure and will not hold ASL / Freecharge liable for any damages, loss or costs for such incidents  User  shall ensure that sufficient funds are available for SIP  transactions  and will not hold ASL or Freecharge liable.
IX.  The User undertakes and agrees that the said investments do not contravene any Applicable Laws including but not limited to provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961; anti-money laundering laws, anti-corruption Laws enacted by the government of India from time to time or by any other regulatory or statutory body.
X. User confirms that all details provided by him / her are true and correct and agrees to produce any documents / undertaking as may be required by Freecharge/ASL/ AMCs or their /Register and Transfer Agent (RTA) for verification.
XI. The User acknowledges and understands that only schemes of those mutual funds will be available on the Platform for which ASL has entered into agreements with AMCs and that in event of termination of agreement or for any other reason, the AMC may at its sole discretion discontinue providing information in relation to transaction by the User in mutual fund scheme through the Platform. In such event, the User needs to directly contact/coordinate with AMC.
XII. User confirms that the AMC / ASL/  Freecharge / RTA shall, at its sole discretion, hold an unfettered right to reject any application / transaction by the User in mutual fund scheme through the Freecharge Platform where any data, information, document and/or detail provided by the User is determined to be discrepant, inaccurate, false, incomplete or erroneous, misleading, incorrect, ambiguous, and cancel allotment of units and refund the amount or in case units have been allotted, freeze the folio or redeem the units at applicable NAV without any liability or responsibility for any loss or damages suffered by the User of any nature. The User also agrees that the decision of the AMC and/or RTA in such a situation shall be final and binding on the User. In case User has entered wrong/third party bank details at the time of signup, the User agrees to co-operate with AMC / ASL/ Freecharge/ RTA to provide incremental details as may be required by AMC / ASL/ Freecharge/ RTA to complete the verification or otherwise the transaction initiated by the User is liable to be rejected by AMC/Freecharge/ RTA.
XIII.  The User acknowledges that Freecharge has disclosed to the User, all the commissions (in the form of trail commission or any other mode), payable to ASL for the different competing schemes of various mutual funds.
XIV.  User hereby allows ASL and Freecharge to provide electronic confirmation feeds to the AMC regarding acceptance of these Mutual Fund Terms by the User for doing online electronic transaction and such other confirmation/document/details as may be required by the AMC from time to time relating to the User as may be required under Applicable Laws.
XV.  Mutual fund transactions will be processed in accordance with cutoff times for mutual fund transactions prescribed by SEBI. Any investments close to or beyond the cut off time or any request on a holiday would be processed on the next business day and there can be loss in net asset value for which the User will not hold ASL / Freecharge liable.
XVI.  We may engage with third parties to promote Our Distribution Services through their platforms. Users accessing the Freecharge Platform through such platforms will be subject to these Mutual Fund Terms in addition to the Terms of Use and any other additional terms and conditions which may be applicable. For the sake of clarity, such third parties shall not be responsible for rendering of the Distribution Services, which shall at all times be provided by Freecharge.
XVII.  User authorizes Freecharge to share his / her signatures with AMCs and RTAs, available on the records of the KRA or central KYC for authenticating and processing of requests. In case the User’s signature is not available with KRA/ central KYC, the User shall cooperate with AMC/Freecharge/RTA to provide incremental details as may be required by AMC/Freecharge/RTA to complete verification.
XVIII.  User hereby gives consent to the concerned AMC and/or RTA with respect to sharing information, with ASL and Freecharge, in any manner, with respect to the User and any transaction undertaken by the User in the mutual fund scheme executed through the Platform. The User acknowledges that Freecharge would be privy to such information.
XIX.  User hereby authorize Freecharge and its affiliates, representatives, and agents to provide promotional information about various products, offers and services provided by them or their group companies through any mode including telephone calls, Emails, SMS, letters etc. and You confirm that laws in relation to unsolicited communication referred in "National Do Not Call Registry" as laid down by "Telecom Regulatory Authority of India" will not be applicable for such information/ communication.
XX.  The User understands and agrees that when the User makes an investment through the Platform, the payment transaction is processed by a third-party payment gateway aggregator and the investment amount is remitted directly to the respective AMC's bank account. At no time does Freecharge process receive or hold the investment amount in its bank account. Thus, in no event shall ASL/ Freecharge be liable to You for claims, losses, or damages of any nature whatsoever, arising from or due to failure of payment transactions, delay in credit of amount to the AMC or for any fraud at the payment gateway's end or the bank's end at the time of making such payment.
XXI.
Refund/Cancellation Policy
a.  Transactions will be completed only after successful transfer of money from the User's bank account registered with Freecharge to the respective AMC’s bank account.
b.  Transactions once completed cannot be cancelled by the user.
c.  In case transfer of money is successful but there is failure of investment transaction, money would be refunded to the User’s registered bank account with Freecharge.
XXII.
Prospectus :
For information regarding a fund's investment objectives, load, expenses, and risk considerations, please download the Offer Document. Please read the Offer Document of relevant mutual fund scheme carefully before investing.
XXIII.
Risk Factors:
Investments in mutual funds and securities are subject to market risks and the NAV of the schemes may fluctuate depending upon the factors and forces affecting the securities market including inter alia fluctuations in the interest rates. There can be no guarantee that a scheme's investment objectives will be achieved. All dividend distributions are subject to the investment performance of the schemes. The investments made by the schemes are subject to external risks. The User shall consider the performance track records of the scheme before making investment in any scheme. The Platform is not intended to provide any tax, legal or investment advice, and nothing on the Platform should be construed as a recommendation, by Freecharge, to acquire or dispose of any investment or security, or to engage in any investment transaction. The Platform is an online platform provided by Freecharge which lists plans of select schemes of various mutual funds and enables Users to transact in such schemes. Freecharge may receive a compensation, for the execution services provided by Freecharge towards investment in plans, from the AMCs. Except as otherwise specified, the User alone are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, security, or any other service, is appropriate or suitable for the User based on their investment objectives and personal and financial situation. The User confirms that he/ she has requisite knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved in making an investment into a scheme and has the ability to bear such investment related risk and the User should consult a legal or tax professional regarding their specific legal or tax queries. Access and use of the Platform is entirely at Your own risk. The Platform, including any content or information on it, any related or linked site, products and services displayed, provided, availed of, licensed or purchased on, through or via the Platform are provided "as is," without any representation or warranty/guarantee of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, any representation or warranty for accuracy, continuity, uninterrupted access, timeliness, sequence, quality, performance, fitness for any particular purpose or completeness. In addition to any warranties/guarantees disclaimed in the Terms of Use, Freecharge specifically disclaims any and all “warranties" or guarantees" including, but not limited to:
a.   Any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, usefulness, correctness, currency or completeness of information, products, or services, and
b.   The information and views contained herein are based on information available and believed to be correct to the best of Our knowledge. Although due care has been exercised to verify the accuracy of the information, ASL, Freecharge and their information suppliers do not assume responsibility for the accuracy or for any loss arising out of any information contained herein. This is neither a solicitation to invest in any product nor to avail of a particular service. ASL and Freecharge do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of any product, service in terms of its compatibility, correctness, accuracy, reliability or otherwise. You assume total responsibility and risk for Your access and use of the Platform, all site-related or app related services, products and services mentioned or advertised on or accessed or availed on or through the Platform. You acknowledge that any warranty that is provided in connection with any of the products or services described on the Platform are provided solely by the owner, advertiser, manufacturer, provider or supplier of that product or service, and not by Freecharge or the Platform.
c.   If any disclaimers or limitation of liability in these Mutual Fund Terms are held to be unenforceable, the maximum liability of ASL and/or Freecharge to You shall not exceed the amount of commission received by ASL from the respective AMC for the mutual fund product, that You have ordered or availed of on or through the Platform, with respect to which the dispute has arisen. ASL and/or Freecharge shall not be responsible for any inability to access the Platform or any use or misuse of the Platform. Any search results displayed by or on the Platform are automated and cannot be screened. Accordingly, ASL and Freecharge assume no responsibility for the accuracy or otherwise of any search results or of the content of any Platform included in the search results or otherwise linked to the Platform.
d.   You will be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your account and password. You undertake not to share Your password with anyone and agree to accept responsibility for all activities occurring under Your account or password and ASL/ Freecharge will not be liable for its misuse. Please notify Freecharge immediately if You become aware of any disclosure, loss, theft, or unauthorized use of Your password.
e.   ASL and/or Freecharge shall not be responsible for any unauthorized interception of e-mail to or from You or Freecharge. To the extent possible, the disclaimers, limitations on liability and indemnities available to ASL and/or Freecharge under the Terms and Conditions shall mutatis mutandis extend and be available also to the third-party service providers or any other partner and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, assigns, consultants, sponsors, affiliates, content providers and everyone involved in creating, producing, delivering or managing the Platform (or any part thereof). Although Freecharge endeavors to ensure the integrity of the Platform, they make no guarantee whatsoever as to its sequence, timeliness, completeness, correctness, or accuracy. In the event that such an inaccuracy or incompleteness arises, please inform Freecharge so that it can be corrected. Links from the Platform on certain portions or links within the Platform might take You to other Platforms or mobile applications without any intimation or indication of doing or having done so. The linked Platforms or applications are not under the control of Freecharge and Freecharge assumes no responsibility whatsoever for such other Platforms or applications whether as to content, availability, performance or otherwise. Freecharge also does not represent or warrant that these links shall operate satisfactorily. Freecharge provides these links only as a convenience and links to external web sites do not constitute an endorsement by Freecharge of such other sites, the sponsors of such sites or the content, products, advertising, or other materials presented on or by such sites. Freecharge shall not be responsible or liable, directly, or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the access or use of such other Platforms/applications or reliance on or availing of any content, goods, or services available on such other sites. For informational or educational purposes, or as a convenience to the Users, the Platform may provide referrals to third party content or links to third party websites/mobile application, including companies that have a relationship with Freecharge. Our decision to provide referral information to a third party or to pass on an offer made by a third party or to provide a link from Platform to a third-party website or mobile application shall not be construed as an endorsement of the third party products, services, content, tools, and information. You will use third-party content at Your own risk. It may be noted that ASL is in no way involved or concerned with such third party referral transactions through Freecharge’s sub distributor platform or otherwise and will not be liable for the same as a mutual fund distributor.  Freecharge is not responsible for any third party, their products or services, their website or mobile application, or any content made available through such third-party sites, nor do We make any warranties or representations, express or implied, regarding third party content on any third party sites, and shall have no liability in relation to any of the foregoing. You shall agree to all the terms and conditions, disclaimers clauses and be liable to copyright owners of the hyperlinks appearing in the Platform which is independent in itself and not connected. You shall further indemnify and keep indemnified Freecharge, Freecharge's parent, partner's, subsidiaries, group and associate companies and its employees, directors, representatives and keep them harmless from any dispute(s) that may arise due to a violation/breach(s) of the Terms and Conditions of such hyper link(s) by You. You will be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the account that You create on the Platform. Freecharge does not limit, favour, or restrict any of the schemes available on its Platform while performing search, filter, or sort options. The order of search results based on the ranking provided by a third party and not indicative of performance or recommendation should not be considered as Freecharge opinion to invest or not to invest. It is solely up to the User to decide to select or reject any scheme. Freecharge shows most relevant results based on the User's search query. Estimation on return is indicative based on the past performance and should not be considered as a promise, assurance or guarantee of future returns. The User declares that transactions executed by the User are without any interaction or advice by the employee/relationship manager/sales person of Freecharge or notwithstanding the advice of in- appropriateness, if any, provided by the employee/relationship manager/salesperson of Freecharge.
f.   Freecharge declares that it shall merely act as a sub-distributor, offering services to the User in terms of the provisions contained under its agreements with ASL. Freecharge declares that it shall at no time, provide or cause to provide any advice relating to investing in, purchasing, selling, or otherwise dealing in securities or investment products and provide or cause to provide any advice on investment portfolio containing securities or investment products to the Users. Freecharge shall not act as an investment advisor or consultant in offering the schemes of AMCs and shall offer services to the Users in terms of its agreement with AMCs/RTA and the terms and conditions governing the usage of Platform.
XXIV.
Conflict of Interest Disclosure:
ASL and Freecharge are wholly owned subsidiaries of Axis Bank Limited. Axis Bank Limited is the majority shareholder in Axis Asset Management Company Limited (“Axis AMC”). In carrying on business as a mutual fund distributor, ASL/Freecharge may from time to time act as distributor of mutual funds for Axis AMC. Conflict of interest resulting from the above relationship are minimized by regulations, policies and procedures made by SEBI and industry regulating bodies such as AMFI and internal conflict of interest policies and maintaining of arms – length relationship between Axis AMC, ASL and Freecharge. Compliance with both internal and external regulations, policies and procedures are monitored at all levels of the company under the guidance of ASL/Freecharge’s compliance department.
XXV.
Indemnity:
You agree to indemnify, save, and hold Freecharge/ ASL/ the AMC / Mutual Fund, their affiliates, employees, officers, directors and partners harmless from any and all claims, losses, damages, and liabilities, costs and expenses, including without limitation legal fees and expenses, arising out of or related to: (i) Your use or misuse of the Distribution Services/Platform; (ii) any violation by You of these Mutual Fund Terms or applicable Laws; or (iii) any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made by You herein; or (iv) any act, neglect, misconduct or fraud on Your part; or (v) sharing and or disclosing the information disclosed hereunder or (vi) system failure or connectivity issue. Freecharge reserves the right, at Your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which You are required to indemnify Freecharge, including rights to settle, and You agree to cooperate with Freecharge’s defense and settlement of these claims. Freecharge will use reasonable efforts to notify You of any claim, action, or proceeding brought by a third party that is subject to the foregoing indemnification upon becoming aware of it. This paragraph shall survive termination of these Mutual Fund Terms.
XXVI.
Termination:
You acknowledge and agree that Freecharge may, without notice, suspend or terminate Your ID, password or account or deny You access to all or part of the Platform and/or Distribution Services without prior notice if You engage in any conduct or activities that Freecharge in its sole discretion believes it violates any of the Mutual Fund Terms, or the rights of Freecharge, or is otherwise inappropriate for continued access or as per its Information Security Policy or If Freecharge learns of Your death, bankruptcy or lack of legal capacity or of circumstances which impact Your credit worthiness (which shall be determined at the sole discretion of Freecharge) or for any other reason which Freecharge thinks fit and proper. You acknowledge and agree that Freecharge may in its sole discretion deny You access to any materials stored with Freecharge, or to access third party services, or information on the Platform, and Freecharge shall have no responsibility to notify You or third-party providers of facilities, services, merchandise or information nor for any consequences resulting from lack of notification.
Freecharge may also suspend / freeze The User's account on directions received from regulatory or government bodies and authorities.
XXVII.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction:
These Mutual Fund Terms, all transactions entered into on or through the Platform and the relationship between You and Freecharge shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India and no other nation, without regard to the laws relating to conflicts of law. You and Freecharge agree that all claims, differences, and disputes arising under or in connection with or pursuant to the Distribution Services, these Mutual Fund Terms, any transactions entered into on or through the Platform or the relationship between You and Freecharge shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts located in the city of New Delhi, India and You hereby accede to and accept the jurisdiction of such courts. Provided that, notwithstanding what is stated above, if Freecharge thinks fit, may institute proceedings against You in any other court or tribunal having jurisdiction. Freecharge accepts no liability whatsoever, direct, or indirect for non-compliance with the laws of any country other than that of India. The mere fact that the Platform or the App can be accessed or used or any facility can be availed of in a country other than India would not mean that the laws of such country would be applicable.
XXVIII.
Grievance Redressal:
Freecharge is a mutual fund sub-distributor/intermediary and is empaneled with ASL which is in turn registered as a distributor / intermediary with various AMCs and their respective RTAs for purpose of execution of investment decisions of Users. Freecharge’s ability of providing the User service and addressing the User’s query depends on the information that We have.
Level 1
If You have any grievances / complaints / concerns with respect to Freecharge Services, please approach Our Customer Support via the Freecharge mobile application or write to Us at care@freecharge.in.
Level 2
If Your issue is unresolved after a period of 15 days from the date of first raising the issue at Level 1 or if You are not satisfied with the response provided at Level 1, You may, post completion of a 15 day period from the date of first raising the issue at Level 1, write to the grievance officer, at
grievanceofficer@freecharge.com.
XXIX.
Additional Terms and Conditions of Reliance Nippon Life Asset Management Company Limited :
By accessing and using the Distribution Services, You hereby undertake the following:
“I/We would like to invest in Reliance Mutual Fund products subject to terms of the Statement of Additional Information (SAI), Scheme Information Document (SID), Key Information Memorandum (KIM) and subsequent amendments thereto. I/We have read, understood (before filling application form) and is/are bound by the details of the SAI, SID & KIM including details relating to various services including but not limited to Reliance Any Time Money Card. I/We have not received nor been induced by any rebate or gifts, directly or indirectly, in making this investment. I / We declare that the amount invested in the Scheme is through legitimate sources only and is not designed for the purpose of contravention or evasion of any Act / Regulations / Rules / Notifications / Directions or any other Applicable Laws enacted by the Government of India or any Statutory Authority. I accept and agree to be bound by the said Terms and Conditions including those excluding/ limiting the Reliance Nippon Life Asset Management Limited (formerly Reliance Capital Asset Management Limited) (RNLAM) liability. I understand that the RNLAM may, at its absolute discretion, discontinue any of the services completely or partially without any prior notice to me. I agree RNLAM can debit from my folio for the service charges as applicable from time to time. The ARN holder has disclosed to me/us all the commissions (in the form of trail commission or any other mode), pay able to him for the different competing Schemes of various Mutual Funds from amongst which the Scheme is being recommended to me/us. I hereby declare that the above information is given by the undersigned and particulars given by me/us are correct and complete. Further, I agree that the transaction charge (if applicable) shall be deducted from the subscription amount and the said charges shall be paid to the distributors. I confirm that I am resident of India. I hereby declare that the information provided in the Form is in accordance with section 285BA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 read with Rules 114F to 114H of the Income Tax Rules, 1962 and the information provided by me /us in the Form, its supporting Annexures as well as in the documentary evidence provided by me/us are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, true, correct and complete.
XXX.
Additional Terms and Conditions of Reliance Nippon Life Asset Management Company Limited & Mirae Asset Investment Managers (India) Pvt Ltd (MAIMI):
By accessing and using the Distribution Services, You hereby undertake the following:
“I/We would like to invest in Mirae Asset Mutual Fund products subject to terms of the Statement of Additional Information (SAI), Scheme Information Document (SID), Key Information Memorandum (KIM) and subsequent amendments thereto. I/We have read, understood (before filling application form) and is/are bound by the details of the SAI, SID & KIM including details relating to various services including but not limited to Any Time Money Card. I/We have not received nor been induced by any rebate or gifts, directly or indirectly, in making this investment. I / We declare that the amount invested in the Scheme is through legitimate sources only and is not designed for the purpose of contravention or evasion of any Act / Regulations / Rules / Notifications / Directions or any other Applicable Laws enacted by the Government of India or any Statutory Authority. I accept and agree to be bound by the said Terms and Conditions including those excluding/ limiting the Mirae Asset Investment Managers (India) Pvt Ltd liability. I understand that the MAIMI may, at its absolute discretion, discontinue any of the services completely or partially without any prior notice to me. I agree MAIMI can debit from my folio for the service charges as applicable from time to time. The ARN holder has disclosed to me/us all the commissions (in the form of trail commission or any other mode), pay able to him for the different competing Schemes of various Mutual Funds from amongst which the Scheme is being recommended to me/us. I hereby declare that the above information is given by the undersigned and particulars given by me/us are correct and complete. Further, I agree that the transaction charge (if applicable) shall be deducted from the subscription amount and the said charges shall be paid to the distributors. I confirm that I am resident of India. I hereby declare that the information provided in the Form is in accordance with section 285BA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 read with Rules 114F to 114H of the Income Tax Rules, 1962 and the information provided by me /us in the Form, its supporting Annexures as well as in the documentary evidence provided by me/us are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, true, correct and complete”
Terms of Use for Freecharge Unified Payment Interface(UPI)
These terms and conditions regulate the payments under the Unified Payment Interface (
"UPI"
), a payment service
                            platform (
"UPI Platform"
) developed by National Payments Corporation of India (
"NPCI"
), an umbrella organisation
                            incorporated in 2008 and acting as the settlement/clearing house/regulatory agency for UPI services. The application
                            software (
"Freecharge App"
) which connects to the UPI Platform is being offered by Freecharge Payment
                            Technologies Private Limited a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 with its registered office at
                            2nd Floor, Plot No. 25, Pusa Road, New Delhi-110005, India (hereinafter referred to as
"Freecharge"
) in
                            partnership/association with Axis Bank Limited (
"Axis Bank"
), a bank licensed under the Banking Regulation Act,
                            1949.
By using the UPI services (
“UPI Services”
) provided by Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited
                            (
“Freecharge,” “We,” “Our,” or “Us”
), You agree to be bound by the Terms of Use for Freecharge (
“Terms of
                            Use”
), these additional terms of use for Freecharge UPI (
“UPI Terms”
) and all other terms, policies, and guidelines
                            applicable to the Services (as defined in the Terms of Use) so used. Defined terms will have the same meaning as
                            those found in the Terms of Use, unless otherwise re-defined herein.
These terms apply to You if You register for and use the UPI Services as described hereinafter. The UPI Services are
                            being offered under the brand "Freecharge".
For the purpose of these UPI Terms, wherever the context so requires:
'You/Your' or "User" shall mean any natural or legal person who has registered for Freecharge Services, linked
                                            his/her bank account for UPI payments and who has accepted these UPI Terms.
"We", "Us", "Our" shall mean Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited.
"Merchant" shall include any establishment and/or entity which accepts the UPI payments through Freecharge
                                            App (
"Freecharge UPI
") as a payment method for online or offline purchase of goods and/or services
"Buyer" shall refer to the person who purchases any of the goods or services provided online or offline by the
                                            Merchants.
If You transact using the Freecharge App or any Merchant website/ merchant platform, these conditions will
                                    be applicable. By mere use of the Freecharge App, You shall be contracting with Freecharge and these terms
                                    and conditions including the policies constitute Your binding obligations, with Freecharge.
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these UPI Terms,
                                    at any time without any prior written notice to You. It is Your responsibility to review these UPI Terms
                                    periodically for updates / changes. Your continued use of Freecharge App following the posting of changes
                                    will mean that You accept and agree to the revisions including additional UPI Terms or removal of portions
                                    of these UPI Terms, modifications etc. As long as You comply with these UPI Terms, We grant You a
                                    personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and avail the UPI Services.
Using Freecharge App indicates Your agreement to all the terms and conditions under these UPI Terms, so
                                    please read the UPI Terms carefully before proceeding. By impliedly or expressly accepting these UPI Terms,
                                    You also accept and agree to be bound by Freecharge Policies (including but not limited to Privacy Policy
                                    available on the Freecharge website www.freecharge.com) as amended from time to time.
About UPI:
UPI is a payment platform built by that allows instant online payments between the bank accounts
                                    of any two parties. UPI offers an architecture and a set of standard application programming interface
                                    specifications to facilitate these online payments. It aims to simplify and provide a single interface across all
                                    NPCI systems besides creating interoperability and superior customer experience.
Your Account and Registration Obligations
To enable UPI payments, the User first needs to have a Freecharge account. User can register and create a
                                            Freecharge account by:
i. Downloading the Freecharge App and registering himself/herself. Or
ii. Registering with Freecharge from a third party partner platform.
iii. User has to necessarily install the Freecharge App on his/her smartphone to be able to register and transact
                                                using Freecharge UPI.
Thereafter, You will be able to register for UPI payments by:
i. Selecting Your bank:
You first need to select the bank from amongst the list of UPI-member banks as shown in the App. The list
                                                        comprises of all the banks connected to the UPI Platform of NPCI.
If the name of Your bank does not appear in the list, You can still add Your bank by providing the bank
                                                        account number and the IFSC code. However, You will not be able to make UPI payments from Your bank
                                                        account.
ii. If You have selected a bank from the UPI-member list, Please note that Your mobile number, should be
                                                registered with Your bank. If Your mobile number is not registered, then Your OTP verification will fail.
                                                You will not be able to avail the UPI Service unless You first register Your mobile number with the Bank.
iii. Your bank will share the masked bank account numbers against the registered mobile number. You need to
                                                select the bank account which You wish to link with Freecharge App.
iv. The selected bank account can be linked with Freecharge App in the following manner:
If You already have the 4-6 digit UPI PIN (UPI Personal Identification Number) for Your bank account,
                                                        then You need to simply select the "Link" option and continue.
If You do not remember the UPI PIN, You can click on "forgot UPI PIN" and set a new one by providing
                                                        the Debit card number linked with Your bank account and the expiry date of the Card. Your mobile number
                                                        will be OTP verified by Your bank. If the verification is successful, You will be taken to the NPCI page, to
                                                        set a new UPI PIN. After setting the UPI PIN, You will be taken back to the Freecharge App screen, where
                                                        You have to click on "Link" and then continue.
You can Reset Your UPI PIN by clicking on "Reset UPI PIN". You can then set a new UPI PIN by providing
                                                        the old and new UPI PINs.
If You have never set the UPI PIN before, then You will see an option to Set UPI PIN in settings. Please
                                                        click on the link and set the UPI PIN by providing the debit card number linked with Your bank account
                                                        and the expiry date of the Card. Your mobile number will be OTP verified by Your bank. If the verification
                                                        is successful, You will be taken to the NPCI page, to set a new UPI PIN. After setting the UPI PIN, You
                                                        will be taken back to the Freecharge App screen, where You have to click on "Link" and then continue.
v. You need to authorize every UPI payment transaction by providing the UPI PIN.
vi. Selecting Freecharge Balance (
“UPI on Wallet”
);
This facility is available only to
Active Full KYC
Freecharge Balance Account holders (Freecharge wallet )
Additionally users must be registered for UPI Payment on Freecharge App and should have linked his/her bank account.
UPI on wallet feature can be used only for following type of transactions:
a. Merchant payments by scan QR or other apps
b. Person-to-person payments
c. Credit from other apps
Transactions (Debit and Credit) using UPI on Wallet shall not be allowed from Gift Instruments issued by way of incentives such as cash back, rewards, gifts, etc
All transactions shall require following two factor authentication or such other two factor authentication as may be decided by Freecharge/Axis
a. Login - Mobile number & OTP verification
b. Biometrics
"KYC"
stands for know your customer and refers to the various norms, rules, laws, and statutes issued by RBI
                                            from time to time under which Freecharge is required to procure personal identification details from You before
                                            any UPI Services can be delivered. KYC documents may be asked by the Merchant (on behalf of Freecharge)
                                            from You at the time of activation and/ or on a later date, for availing and / or continuation of UPI Services.
                                            Freecharge/merchant shall not be responsible for wrong details being entered by the User.
In the event the beneficiary/KYC details provided are found to be incorrect/ insufficient, Freecharge retains the
                                            right to block Your Freecharge account. Freecharge retains the right to share the details of the transaction
                                            undertaken using the Freecharge account and the end beneficiary/ KYC details with RBI, as per statutory
                                            guidelines issued from time to time.
You are solely responsible for linking Your correct bank account.
Since Your mobile number is treated as the primary identifier, Your mobile number needs to be updated with
                                            the bank linked to Freecharge App in case of any changes.
If You change the mobile number registered with Your Freecharge account, You will have to re-register Your
                                            new mobile number with Freecharge. To re-enable the Service, You need to register Your new mobile number
                                            with Your bank as well.
You agree that Your UPI ID will act as Your identity for all payment transactions and all requests to Your
                                            Freecharge account will be raised to Your UPI ID unless another UPI ID is explicitly specified.
You agree that if You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete or We have
                                            reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, or not in
                                            accordance with these UPI Terms, We shall have the right to indefinitely suspend or terminate or block access
                                            to Your Account.
We shall ensure that all Your confidential data pertaining to Your money transactions, bank account details,
                                            and all other sensitive personal information are protected and kept confidential by employing best available
                                            protection standards, which are more fully set out in Our Privacy Policy. We/Axis Bank reserves the right to
                                            use Your transaction data for cross-selling/promotions/offers/value added services/increasing
                                            transactions/better user experience/such other purpose as may be required by Us/Axis Bank.
You are solely responsible to keep Your one time password, UPI PIN, and bank account related details
                                                confidential. Sharing such information with others may lead to unauthorized usage, for which Freecharge shall
                                                not be responsible.
Transactions through Freecharge UPI
Freecharge UPI can be used for money transfers from one person to another person or to purchase products and
                                            services online or offline on any merchant platform.
The UPI PIN needs to be entered on Your mobile to authorize every Freecharge UPI payment. You need to
                                            ensure that You are connected to the internet at the time of making any transaction.
Freecharge UPI is one of the payment options available to the Users on various merchant platforms and We
                                            assume no responsibility for the products or services purchased using Freecharge UPI and any liability thereof
                                            is expressly disclaimed.
Freecharge UPI is one of the payment options available to the Users on various merchant platforms and We
                                            assume no responsibility for the products or services purchased using Freecharge UPI and any liability thereof
                                            is expressly disclaimed.
You shall only use Freecharge UPI Services to process a transaction to make payment for legitimate and bona
                                            fide purposes including purchase of goods and services. You shall not use Freecharge UPI Service to process
                                            payment transactions in connection with the sale or exchange of any illegal goods or services or any other
                                            underlying illegal transaction.
We may establish general practices and limits concerning use of Freecharge UPI. We reserve the right to
                                            change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of Freecharge UPI at any time, including hours of operation or
                                            availability of Freecharge UPI Services or any Freecharge UPI Service feature, without notice and without
                                            liability. We also reserve the right to impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the
                                            service without notice and without liability. We may decline to process any Payment Transaction without prior
                                            notice to sender or recipient. We also reserve the right to automatically block any communication received by
                                            a User from a non- Freecharge UPI account, including any payment requests, that is deemed to be spam or a
                                            fraudulent communication.
We do not warrant that the functions contained in Freecharge UPI will be uninterrupted or error free, and We
                                            shall not be responsible for any Service interruptions (including, but not limited to, power outages, system
                                            failures or other interruptions that may affect the receipt, processing, acceptance, completion or settlement of
                                            payment transactions or any other reasons beyond reasonable control of Freecharge).
We may reject a transaction and/or settlement of payments for various reasons, including but not limited to risk
                                            management, suspicion of fraudulent, illegal, or doubtful transactions, selling of prohibited items, use of
                                            compromised or blacklisted cards or UPI accounts, chargebacks/complaints or for other reasons as prescribed
                                            under applicable laws or rules of Participating Banks. In the event that a Transaction is rejected or is unable to
                                            be completed, We will either transfer the funds back to the Your funding account or will handle the funds in
                                            accordance with applicable laws or participating bank rules.
UPI limits issued by NPCI
Requirements and Limits for Freecharge UPI
Particular
Transaction Limit
Monthly
None
Per Transaction
Rs. 1 lakh
Charges
Membership is free for Users. Freecharge does not charge its Users any fee for creating an Account or use of
                                            UPI Services. Freecharge reserves the right to change its fee policy from time to time. In particular, Freecharge
                                            may at its sole discretion introduce new services and modify some or all of the existing UPI Services offered
                                            on the Platform. In such an event, We reserve the right to introduce fees for the new services offered or
                                            amend/introduce fees for existing UPI Services, as the case may be. Changes to the fee policy shall be posted
                                            on the website/app and such changes shall automatically become effective immediately after they are posted.
                                            Unless otherwise stated, all fees shall be quoted in Indian Rupees.
Your bank may charge You a nominal transaction fee for UPI transfers- please check with Your bank for any
                                            such charges.
The reporting and payment of any applicable taxes arising from the use of Freecharge UPI is Your
                                            responsibility. You hereby agree to comply with any and all applicable tax laws in connection with Your use
                                            of Freecharge UPI, including without limitation, the reporting and payment of any taxes arising in connection
                                            with Payments made through Freecharge UPI, or funds/income received through Freecharge UPI.
You herein agree and accepts that, in case of any discrepancy in the information provided by You for availing
                                            this Service and the onus thereof shall always be upon the You only and thus You agrees to furnish accurate
                                            information at all times to the Freecharge.
If You suspect that there is an error in the information supplied by Freecharge, You shall inform Freecharge
                                    immediately. Freecharge will endeavor to correct the error promptly wherever possible on a best effort basis.
Freecharge shall not be held liable & responsible for any loss, cost or damage suffered by You due to
                                    disclosure of Your personal or any other information to a third party including Government./Regulatory
                                    authorities by Freecharge, for reasons inclusive but not limited to participation in any telecommunication or
                                    electronic clearing network, in compliance with a legal or regulatory directive, for statistical analysis or for
                                    credit rating or for any legal or regulatory compliance.
You are solely responsible for protecting Your mobile phone/device, virtual address, and UPI PIN set for the
                                    availing of the UPI Services.
You shall be liable for any kind of unauthorized or unlawful use, misuse, or leakage of any of the virtual
                                    address or MPIN/Passwords/Passcodes issued by Freecharge in respect of the UPI Services or any
                                    fraudulent or erroneous instruction given by You and any financial charges thus incurred shall be payable by
                                    You only
You shall be liable for all loss, cost, or damage, if You have breached the UPI Terms contained herein or
                                    other additional terms and conditions mentioned above or contributed or caused the loss by negligent actions
                                    or a failure on Your part to advise Freecharge within a reasonable time about any unauthorized access in
                                    Your Freecharge account used for this UPI Services.
We reserve the right, in Our sole and absolute discretion, to suspend or terminate Your use of one or more
                                    Freecharge UPI Services, without notice and without liability to You or any third party, for any reason,
                                    including without limitation inactivity or violation of these UPI Terms or other policies We may establish
                                    from time to time.
Disclaimer: THESE UPI SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL CONTENT, SOFTWARE, FUNCTIONS,
                                        MATERIALS, AND INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE ON, PROVIDED IN CONNECTION WITH
                                        OR ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THE UPI SERVICES, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." TO THE FULLEST
                                        EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, FREECHARGE, AND THEIR AGENTS, CO-BRANDERS OR
                                        OTHER PARTNERS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DEVICE MANUFACTURERS
                                        (COLLECTIVELY, " FREECHARGE PARTIES"), MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF
                                        ANY KIND WHATSOEVER FOR THE UPI SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, MATERIALS,
                                        INFORMATION AND FUNCTIONS MADE ACCESSIBLE BY THE SOFTWARE USED ON OR
                                        ACCESSED THROUGH THE UPI SERVICES, OR FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY ASSOCIATED
                                        WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF SENSITIVE INFORMATION THROUGH THE UPI SERVICES. EACH
                                        FREECHARGE PARTY DISCLAIMS WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND
                                        WITH RESPECT TO THE UPI SERVICES, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS
                                        FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. FREECHARGE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS
                                        CONTAINED IN THE UPI SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. FREECHARGE
                                        SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS, INCLUDING BUT NOT
                                        LIMITED TO SYSTEM FAILURES OR OTHER INTERRUPTIONS THAT MAY AFFECT THE
                                        RECEIPT, PROCESSING, ACCEPTANCE, COMPLETION OR SETTLEMENT OF PAYMENT
                                        TRANSACTIONS, P2P PAYMENTS OR THE UPI SERVICES.
THE FREECHARGE PARTIES ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACCURACY OF ANY PAYMENT
                                        INSTRUMENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WHETHER SUCH INFORMATION IS
                                        CURRENT AND UP-TO-DATE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE PRECEDING
                                        SENTENCE, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT SUCH INFORMATION IS
                                        REPORTED BY THE BANK AS OF A PARTICULAR TIME ESTABLISHED BY THE BANK AND MAY
                                        NOT ACCURATELY REFLECT YOUR CURRENT TRANSACTIONS, AVAILABLE BALANCE, OR
                                        OTHER ACCOUNT OR PROGRAM DETAILS AT THE TIME THEY ARE DISPLAYED TO YOU
                                        THROUGH THE UPI SERVICES OR AT THE TIME YOU MAKE A PURCHASE OR REDEMPTION.
                                        YOU MAY INCUR FEES, SUCH AS OVERDRAFT FEES OR OTHER CHARGES AS A RESULT OF
                                        SUCH TRANSACTIONS, PER YOUR AGREEMENT WITH YOUR BANK , OR YOUR ATTEMPT TO
                                        MAKE A PURCHASE OR REDEMPTION MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL.
You agree to release Freecharge and its partner Bank (Axis Bank), agents, contractors, officers, and
                                    employees, from all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) arising out of or in any way
                                    connected to any transaction made through Freecharge App. You agree that You will not involve Freecharge
                                    in any litigation or other dispute arising out of or related to any transaction, agreement, or arrangement with
                                    any recipient, sender, merchant, advertiser or other third party in connection with the Freecharge UPI Service.
                                    If You attempt to do so, (i) You shall pay all costs and attorneys' fees of Freecharge, and group companies and
                                    shall provide indemnification as set forth below, and (ii) the jurisdiction for any such litigation or dispute shall
                                    be limited as set forth below.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Freecharge, its partner bank, group companies and its
                                    directors, officers, owners, agents or other partners, employees, contractors and other applicable third parties
                                    (collectively
"Indemnified Parties"
) from and against any and all claims, demands, causes of action, debt or
                                    liability, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, including without limitation attorneys’ fees and costs incurred
                                    by the Indemnified Parties arising out of, related to, or which may arise from:
Your use of the UPI Services;
any breach or non-compliance by You of any term of these UPI Terms or any related policies;
any dispute or litigation caused by Your actions or omissions; or
Your negligence or violation or alleged violation of any applicable law or rights of a third party.
Jurisdiction :
You agree that any legal action or proceedings arising out of the aforementioned documents
                                    shall be brought exclusively in the competent courts/tribunals having jurisdiction in New Delhi, India and
                                    irrevocably submit themselves to the jurisdiction of such courts/tribunals.
These Freecharge UPI Terms and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, shall not be transferred, or
                                    assigned by You. However, We may assign, in whole or in part, the benefits or obligations of these UPI
                                    Terms. We will provide an intimation of such assignment to You, which will be binding on the parties to
                                    these UPI Terms.
Unless otherwise expressly stated in this UPI Terms, the failure to exercise or delay in exercising a right or
                                    remedy under these UPI Terms will not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or a waiver of any other
                                    rights or remedies, and no single or partial exercise of any right or remedy under the UPI Terms will prevent
                                    any further exercise of the right or remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
These UPI Terms, which by their nature and content are intended to survive the performance hereof by any
                                    or all parties hereto will so survive the completion and termination of these UPI Terms.
If any provision of the UPI Terms is or becomes, in whole or in part, invalid or unenforceable, then that
                                    provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the
                                    remaining provisions.. If any court/tribunal of competent jurisdiction holds any of the provisions of the UPI
                                    Terms unlawful or otherwise ineffective, the remaining of the UPI Terms will remain in full force and the
                                    unlawful or otherwise ineffective provision will be substituted by a new provision reflecting the intent of the
                                    provision so substituted.
Terms and Conditions for Easy EMI
Please read these terms of service carefully. By accessing the Easy EMI Service or using Easy EMI Service (‘service’), in addition to the TERMS AND CONDITIONS mentioned on https://www.freecharge.in/termsandconditions you agree to be bound by the Easy EMI Service TERMS & CONDITIONS ("TERMS"). If you do not agree with these terms, please do not access the Easy EMI service or use the Easy EMI service.
(A)  FREECHARGE TERMS OF SERVICE
1.  The Easy EMI Service (“Service”) is provided by Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited (“Freecharge”) in partnership with Axis Bank Limited (“Axis Bank” or “Lender”).
2.  In order to avail the Service, the Customer needs to provide his Axis Bank Debit Card Details. Re. 1 will be deducted to validate the Axis Bank Debit Card which will be refunded back in 5-7 business days.
3.  Post Axis Debit Card verification, requested amount will be added in Freecharge Balance as Gift Instrument with a validity of 1095 days.
4.  Rejection or approval of the Service, approved amount and rate of interest are at the sole discretion of Axis Bank.
5.  For any complaints/queries regarding the Service kindly write to care@freecharge.com.
6.
CHARGES:
Freecharge reserves the right to charge and recover from the Customer, service charges / other applicable charges for providing the Service. The Customer hereby authorizes Freecharge to recover the service charge in a manner as Freecharge may deem fit along with such interest, if any, and/or suspension of the Service without any liability to Freecharge.
7.
AUTHORITY TO FREECHARGE:
Freecharge/ shall have no obligation to verify the authenticity of any transaction / instruction received or purported to have been received from the Customer. While Freecharge shall endeavour to carry out the instructions promptly, they shall not be responsible for any delay in carrying on the instructions due to any reason whatsoever, including due to failure of operational systems or any requirement of law. Freecharge may refuse to comply with the instructions without assigning any reason and shall not be under any duty to assess the prudence or otherwise of any instruction and have the right to suspend the Service if it has reason to believe that the Customer’s instructions will lead or expose to direct or indirect loss or may require an indemnity from the Customer.
8.
LIABILITY OF THE CUSTOMER AND FREECHARGE:
Freecharge shall not be liable for any unauthorised transactions occurring through the use of the Service and the Customer hereby fully indemnifies and holds Freecharge harmless against any action, suit, proceeding initiated against it or any loss, cost or damage incurred by it as a result thereof. Freecharge shall under no circumstance be held liable to the Customer if the Service is not available in the desired manner for reasons including but not limited to natural calamities, legal restraints, faults in the telecommunication network or network failure, or any other reason beyond the control of Freecharge. Under no circumstances shall Freecharge be liable for any damages whatsoever whether such damages are direct, indirect, incidental consequential and irrespective of whether any claim is based on loss of revenue, interruption of business or any loss of any character or nature whatsoever and whether sustained by the Customer or by any other person. Illegal or improper use of the Service shall render the Customer liable for payment of financial charges as decided by Freecharge or will result in suspension of the Service.
9.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES:
The Customer expressly agrees that use of the Freecharge website/ Service is at its sole risk. The Freecharge website/ Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Except as warranted in the terms, Freecharge expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied or statutory, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, data accuracy and completeness, and any warranties relating to non-infringement in the Service provided by Freecharge/. Freecharge does not warrant that access to the Freecharge website/ Service shall be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free nor does it make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the Freecharge website or use, accuracy or reliability of the Service. Freecharge will not be liable for any virus that may enter the Customer’s system as a result of the Customer using the Service. Freecharge does not guarantee to the Customer or any other third party that the Service would be virus free.
10.
Change of Terms:
This Service shall be provided at the discretion of Freecharge who reserves the right to add, revise, suspend in whole or in part any of the services provided by it. By using the Service, the Customer shall be deemed to have accepted these Terms. Freecharge shall have the absolute discretion to amend or supplement any of the Terms and/or terms and conditions stipulated by Freecharge pertaining to the Service and/or to any services/facilities offered by Freecharge at any time. The Customer shall be responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms and the terms and conditions stipulated by Freecharge including amendments thereto as may be posted on the website. By using any new services as may be introduced by Freecharge, the Customer shall be deemed to have accepted the changed terms and conditions stipulated by Freecharge.
11. The Customer shall be solely responsible for the payments made through the Service even in the event of the Customer claiming non-possession of the Freecharge Account with him/her. The Customer shall further be solely responsible for any payments made using the Service through the website and cannot claim the invalidity of the same.
12. Since the disbursal of the loan will be in Freecharge Balance, the terms and conditions for prepaid payment instruments namely Freecharge Balance as published on the Freecharge’s website shall be applicable. The amount shall not be transferrable or withdrawable or refundable and shall have a validity period of 1095 days.
(B) Axis Bank Terms of Service
1. "EMI" or "Equated Monthly Installment" means the equated monthly installment of amounts payable by the Card Member to AXIS Bank comprising of principal amount, interest and any/ or other charges, if applicable.
2.   "Debit Card EMI" refers to the conversion into EMI upon request by the Card Member, of transactions performed using the Debit Card at EDC (Electronic Data Capture) terminal and/or for such online transactions, where the option for such conversion is available. AXIS Bank shall be entitled to, at its sole discretion, make available to individual Card Member, EMI on the Debit Card, without prejudice to the obligation of the Card Member to make immediate payment on the incurring of the charge, the Card Member may, seek to avail of the option of paying for certain purchases through Equated Monthly Installments (EMIs)
3.   The decision of conversion of EMI as per customer request lies at the discretion of AXIS Bank.
4.   If all conditions are met the transaction amount is disbursed into the customer’s Freecharge Balance account within 4 working days from the date of transaction. Post which the EMI will be debited on a monthly basis from customer linked active saving account.
5.   The EMI facility will be available with respect to the Debit Card which presently comprise of the following purchases, viz., New purchases at Merchant Establishment and ecommerce retailers.
6.  The Card member shall be charged an interest rate on monthly reducing balance basis, for availing the EMI facility. This interest will be mentioned on the payment confirmation page for customer consent.
7.  The Pre-Approved EMI will be offered for a maximum tenor of 12 months with slabs of 6, 9 and 12 months.
8.  The rate of interest effective from March 12, 2015 will be 14 % per annum computed on reducing balance. Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) per Rs 1000 will be  Rs. 174 for EMI tenor of 6 months, Rs. 118 for EMI tenor of 9 months and Rs. 90 for EMI tenor of 12 months. The Bank may revise the rate of interest at a later stage without issuing prior notice to the cardholders.
9.  The Equated Monthly Installment (EMI) amount will be auto debited every month from the customer’s saving account on a particular date (i.e on 30th  day Post EMI Booking date)
10. The entire EMI amount will be included in calculation of Minimum Amount Due payable by the cardholder.
11. Axis bank reserves the right to mark a lien on the customer saving account to recover the outstanding balance in case of delinquent customers.
12. No request for changes in the billing cycle shall be entertained during the entire loan period. The loan period is defined as the loan tenor selected by the cardholder at the time of request.
13. Service Tax will be applicable on Foreclosure Fee
14.
Repayment:
The card member shall repay the facility and interest thereon in EMIs. The interest shall be at such rate which has been indicated by AXIS Bank to the card member at the time of making the offer for the facility and as also as communicated to the card member on the charge-slip. The interest calculation will start from the time the transaction has been booked for the facility. The card member hereby authorizes AXIS Bank to auto debit the account of the card member on a monthly basis for the amount of EMI due for that particular month. The card member should maintain required balance in his account to pay the entire amount of the EMI for a particular month on the due date, and the same shall not be permitted to be carried forward/included in the next month. In the event the payment is not made by the due date as specified, it shall be construed as a default by the card member and card member shall become liable to pay the entire due amount.
15.
Prepayment:
The card member may close the facility (prepayment of the outstanding amount) at any time by contacting AXIS Bank's Customer Care to avail of the foreclosure. The card member has to call up the customer service for complete prepayment of the facility. AXIS Bank shall, without prejudice to all rights and remedies, have the right to call upon the card member to forthwith repay the Facility, all interest thereon and all other monies in respect of the facility upon occurrence of event of default in payment of EMI for more than two consecutive months and the card member shall be liable to repay all such amounts upon such demand
16.
Cancellation of Facility:
The card member may cancel the facility within 30 days of date of transaction. The customer can request for a cancellation at the customer care. In the case of cancellation, the original transaction amount which was converted into EMI shall be debited back to the customer account and all charges relating to such EMI conversion shall be reversed, but only if the card member has called up within 30 days from the date of transaction. Kindly ensure that there are sufficient funds (upto the transaction amount availed of EMI on Debit Card) available in your account for processing the cancellation request.
17.
Particular Affirmative Covenants:
a.  The card member has understood AXIS Bank's method of calculating EMIs payable.
b.  The card member is deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions upon the card member having requested for the facility.
c.  The card member shall make payment of all taxes, duties, levies (including service tax) in connection with the facility.
d.  Axis Bank reserves the right at any time without previous notice to add, alter, modify, change or vary all or any of these Terms and Conditions or to replace, wholly or in part, this scheme by another scheme, whether similar to this scheme or not, or to withdraw it altogether. Which if done shall be binding on the cardholder and the cardholder shall abide by the said rules. If withdrawn, those who have opted shall continue to get the right to pay through EMIs for the already approved conversion.
e.  The participants will not hold Axis Bank responsible for or liable for, any actions, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs, charges, and expenses that a participant may suffer, sustain or incur by way of this scheme.
f.  All and any disputes arising from the EMI facility shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Mumbai
18.  Events Of Default:
a.  On Failure of EMI payment dues, bank can take legal action as per section 138, mark lien or debit my saving account to recover the outstanding due amount
b.  Ifone or more of the events specified in this Clause ("Events of Default") occur or shall have occurred, AXIS Bank may foreclose the facility by a notice in writing to the card member.
c.  The card member's commission of a breach of any of the terms and conditions along with covenants herein contained or having made any misrepresentation to AXIS Bank.
d.  The card member's having been declared as an insolvent.
e.  The card member's having been declared as an insolvent.
f.  The card member's failure to furnish any information or documents that may be required by AXIS Bank.
g.  The card member's entering into any composition with his/her creditors.
h.  The card member's defaulting on any of the terms and conditions of any other loan or facility provided by AXIS Bank to the card member.
i.  The existence of any other circumstances which, in the sole opinion of AXIS Bank, jeopardize AXIS Bank's interest. Upon the occurrence of any event of default as specified above, AXIS Bank shall be entitled to exercise rights and remedies available to it under these terms and conditions as also the primary terms and conditions.
Terms and Conditions for Axis Bank Personal Loan
Please read these Terms of Service carefully. by accessing the Freecharge Personal Service or using Freecharge Personal Loan Service (‘Service’), in addition to the Terms and Conditions mentioned on https://www.freecharge.in/termsandconditions you agree to be bound by the Freecharge Personal Loan Service Terms & Conditions (TERMS). If you do not agree with these terms, please do not access the Freecharge Personal Loan Service or use the Freecharge Personal Loan Service.
(A)  FREECHARGE TERMS OF SERVICE
1.  The Freecharge Personal Loan Service (“
Service
”) is provided by Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited – a wholly owned subsidiary of Axis Bank Ltd (“
Freecharge
”) in partnership with Axis Bank Limited (“
Axis Bank
”).
2.  In order to avail the Service, the Customer may be asked to provide his name, mobile number and Axis Bank Debit Card details (if available). If the Customer provides his/her Axis Bank Debit Card details,  Re. 1 will be deducted to validate the Axis Bank Debit Card.
3.  Post Axis Bank Debit Card verification (if applicable), the Customer shall be redirected to Axis Bank loan processing webpage.
4.  Rejection or approval of the Service, approved amount and rate of interest are at the sole discretion of Axis Bank.
5.  For any complaints/queries regarding the Service kindly raise your query on https://application.axisbank.co.in/webforms/axis-support/sub-product/PersonalLoans.aspx.
6.
CUSTOMER  CONTACT:
You  authorize  Axis  Bank,  Freecharge  and  its  representatives  to  call,  send SMS and email on the contact number and email ID and offer you information on the product/services. You authorize us to call, SMS, email irrespective of whether you are registered with the NDNC registry.
7.
CHARGES:
Freecharge reserves the right to charge and recover from the Customer, service charges / other applicable charges for providing the Service. The Customer hereby authorizes Freecharge to recover the service charge in a manner as Freecharge may deem fit along with such interest, if any, and/or suspension of the Service without any liability to Freecharge.
8.
AUTHORITY TO FREECHARGE:
Freecharge/ shall have no obligation to verify the authenticity of any transaction / instruction received or purported to have been received from the Customer. While Freecharge shall endeavour to carry out the instructions promptly, they shall not be responsible for any delay in carrying on the instructions due to any reason whatsoever, including due to failure of operational systems or any requirement of law. Freecharge may refuse to comply with the instructions without assigning any reason and shall not be under any duty to assess the prudence or otherwise of any instruction and have the right to suspend the Service if it has reason to believe that the Customer’s instructions will lead or expose to direct or indirect loss or may require an indemnity from the Customer.
9.
LIABILITY OF THE CUSTOMER AND FREECHARGE:
Freecharge shall not be liable for any unauthorised transactions occurring through the use of the Service and the Customer hereby fully indemnifies and holds Freecharge harmless against any action, suit, proceeding initiated against it or any loss, cost or damage incurred by it as a result thereof. Freecharge shall under no circumstance be held liable to the Customer if the Service is not available in the desired manner for reasons including but not limited to natural calamities, legal restraints, faults in the telecommunication network or network failure, or any other reason beyond the control of Freecharge. Under no circumstances shall Freecharge be liable for any damages whatsoever whether such damages are direct, indirect, incidental consequential and irrespective of whether any claim is based on loss of revenue, interruption of business or any loss of any character or nature whatsoever and whether sustained by the Customer or by any other person. Illegal or improper use of the Service shall render the Customer liable for payment of financial charges as decided by Freecharge or will result in suspension of the Service.
10.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES:
The Customer expressly agrees that use of the Freecharge website/ Service is at its sole risk. The Freecharge website/ Service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Except as warranted in the terms, Freecharge expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied or statutory, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, data accuracy and completeness, and any warranties relating to non-infringement in the Service provided by Freecharge/. Freecharge does not warrant that access to the Freecharge website/ Service shall be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free nor does it make any warranty as to the results that may be obtained from the Freecharge website or use, accuracy or reliability of the Service. Freecharge will not be liable for any virus that may enter the Customer’s system as a result of the Customer using the Service. Freecharge does not guarantee to the Customer or any other third party that the Service would be virus free.
11.
Change of Terms:
This Service shall be provided at the discretion of Freecharge who reserves the right to add, revise, suspend in whole or in part any of the services provided by it. By using the Service, the Customer shall be deemed to have accepted these Terms. Freecharge shall have the absolute discretion to amend or supplement any of the Terms and/or terms and conditions stipulated by Freecharge pertaining to the Service and/or to any services/facilities offered by Freecharge at any time. The Customer shall be responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms and the terms and conditions stipulated by Freecharge including amendments thereto as may be posted on the website. By using any new services as may be introduced by Freecharge, the Customer shall be deemed to have accepted the changed terms and conditions stipulated by Freecharge.
12. The Customer shall be solely responsible for the payments made through the Service even in the event of the Customer claiming non-possession of the Freecharge Account with him/her. The Customer shall further be solely responsible for any payments made using the Service through the website and cannot claim the invalidity of the same.
13. In addition to the above the Service is subject to terms and conditions of Axis Bank Limited.
Terms and Conditions for Digital Gold
Last Updated On 7th March 2022
These terms apply to You if You use Services as described hereinafter.
By using the Services, You agree to be bound by the Terms of Use for Freecharge (
“Terms of Use”
), these additional
                             terms and conditions (
“Terms”
) and all other terms, policies, and guidelines applicable to the Services (as defined in
                             the Terms of Use) used.
PART I AND PART II OF THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS THE
‘TERMS’
AND SHALL ALWAYS BE READ TOGETHER.
PART – I
DEFINITIONS
1.1. For the purpose of these Terms, wherever the context so requires, the term:
1.1.1.
“Customer”
shall mean any individual, who as the counterparty transacts using the
                                     Platform for buying Gold (as defined below), taking delivery of Gold and/or selling back
                                     the Gold to DGIPL as outlined in these Terms.
1.1.2.
“Gold”
shall mean 24 karat gold of 99.9% purity or higher, offered to the Customer by
                                         Digigold under the brand name “SafeGold”
1.1.3.
“Gold Account”
shall mean the account created whether by You or otherwise, in
                                         accordance with these Terms.
1.1.4
“Gold Account Information”
shall mean the information provided by You for the purpose
                                         of creation of the Gold Account.
1.1.5.
“Customer Request”
shall mean a Delivery Request, Sale Request or exchange request
                                         placed by You in relation to the Customer Gold.
1.1.6.
“Force Majeure Event”
shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of
                                             Freecharge and/or DGIPL and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood,
                                             explosion, act of God, civil commotion, strikes, lockouts or industrial action of any kind,
                                             riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, civil disturbances,
                                             unauthorised access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, virus attacks,
                                             breach of security and encryption, and any other similar events not within the control of
                                             Freecharge and/or DGIPL and which Freecharge and/or DGIPL is not able to overcome.
1.1.7.
“Person”
shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, a joint venture, a trust, an
                                         unincorporated organization, and any other legal entity.
1.1.8.
"Platform"
shall mean, and include the mobile application and website by the name and
                                         style of ‘Freecharge’, that the Customer accesses for the transactions, including all contents,
                                         services and technology offered through the Platform.
1.1.9.
“Transfer”
refers to a facility to transfer Gold from a Gold Account to another Gold
                                         Account.
In addition to the terms defined in Section 1.1, additional terms used herein shall have the respective meanings
                                     assigned thereto in the relevant sections contained hereinafter.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICES BEING PROVIDED BY DGIPL
2.1. Digital Gold India Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 with
                                     its registered office at 1902 Tower B, Peninsula Business Park, Ganpatrao Kadam Marg, Lower
                                     Parel, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400013, (
"DGIPL"
) will be selling gold and providing services of safe
                                     keeping/vaulting and delivery/fulfilment of gold and related services thereto to the Customers, on
                                     or through the Platform (
“Services”
).
2.2. The Gold is being offered for purchase and/or sale by DGIPL under its brand name
“SafeGold”
.
                                     The Services are being provided by DGIPL. ‘Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited’ a
                                     company incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its registered office at
                                     2nd Floor, Plot No. 25, Pusa Road, New Delhi-110005 (
“Freecharge”
) is only facilitating the
                                     collection of payments for the Services on its Platform. Freecharge assumes no liability for the
                                     Services except for providing payment services and Customer Support in addressing the queries
                                     related to the Services and payments made in relation thereto. Any and all of the transactions relating
                                     to the Services are being rendered by DGIPL in association with the Intermediaries (namely the
“Security Trustee”
and
“Vault Keeper”
) with whom separate agreements have been entered into
                                     by DGIPL.
2.3. The Customers are advised to read and understand these Terms carefully before using the Services.
2.4. DGIPL and/or Freecharge does not guarantee any returns, on any transactions consummated vis-àvis the Platform, to any person, either directly or indirectly. The Customer (hereinafter referred to
                                     as
“You”
, with the term
“Your”
being construed accordingly) shall be solely responsible for
                                     undertaking appropriate and effective due diligence and related analysis before undertaking any
                                     transactions pursuant to these Terms of Use. You further acknowledge and agree that DGIPL and/or
                                     Freecharge and its officers, directors, employees, agents and affiliates will have no liability for Your
                                     purchase or other decisions using the Platform.
2.5. The Services by DGIPL shall be provided for a term commencing from the date of creation of the
                                     Gold Account.
2.6. You understand and acknowledge that the Services are being provided and made available on an
                                         “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Platform may contain errors or inaccuracies that could
                                         cause failures, corruption or loss of data and/or information from Your device and/or any device
                                         used by You to connect to the Platform as well as from peripherals (including, without limitation,
                                         servers and computers) connected to any of the above-mentioned devices. You assume all risks and
                                         costs associated with Your use of the Services and the Platform, including without limitation, any
                                         costs incurred for the use of Your device and any damage to any equipment, software or data.
2.7. You confirm that You are not registered under the Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 andthat if, in
                                         the course of Your relationship with DGIPL, You become registered under the Goods and Services
                                         Tax Act, 2017, You shall inform DGIPL of Your change in status immediately, and provide any
                                         relevant information and documents, as may be requested.
SECURITY TRUSTEE, INTERMEDIARIES AND SAFE KEEPING ARRANGEMENT
3.1. Appointment of Intermediaries
3.1.1. DGIPL or the Security Trustee (as the case may be) may from time to time appoint
                                         intermediaries who shall assist DGIPL in providing the Services to You
                                         (
“Intermediaries”
). The term,
“Intermediaries”
shall mean the Security Trustee, Vault
                                         Keeper and shall include any and all Persons appointed by DGIPL or the Security Trustee
                                         (as the case may be) upon placement of a Customer Order (and successful payment of
                                         monies in lieu thereof) till the consummation of the Customer Requests placed by You in
                                         accordance with these Terms. You hereby consent to the appointment of such
                                         Intermediaries, for and on Your behalf, by DGIPL or the Security Trustee (as the case may
                                         be).
3.1.2. You acknowledge and understand that these Intermediaries have been appointed to ensure
                                             that Your Customer Orders/Customer Requests are duly complied with in accordance with
                                             these Terms. You additionally acknowledge that certain payments will have to be made to
                                             these Intermediaries for their appointment and services in relation thereto, which shall be
                                             borne by DGIPL on Your behalf unless otherwise indicated in these Terms.
3.2. Appointment of Security Trustee
3.2.1. You hereby acknowledge and agree that in order to ensure that Your Customer
                                         Orders/Customer Requests are fulfilled in all circumstances, a first and exclusive charge on
                                         the Customer Gold by way of hypothecation will be created in favour of IDBI Trusteeship
                                         Services Limited or any successor Person (
“Security Trustee”
).
3.2.2. By accepting these Terms, You further agree to accede to the terms for such arrangement
                                         with the Security Trustee (i.e., a security trustee agreement) and for creation of the charge
                                         over the Customer Gold by way of a deed of hypothecation or the like (collectively,
“Security Trustee Agreements”
). By clicking on “I Accept”, You acknowledge that You
                                         will accede to the Security Trustee Agreements (upon such date) as if You had been named
                                         as an original party to the same and had executed each of such Security Trustee
                                         Agreements; and will be bound by all the terms and conditions of the Security Trustee
                                         Agreements.
3.2.3. In the event of any expenses or charges remaining payable to any Intermediaries or
                                             otherwise till actual delivery or fulfilment of any of Your Customer Orders/Customer
                                             Requests for any reason, including where DGIPL is unable to pay these expenses or charges
                                             for any reason whatsoever, thereby adversely effecting or jeopardizing the fulfilment of
                                             Your Customer Orders/Customer Requests, then the Security Trustee will be entitled to sell
                                             part of the Customer Gold and satisfy such outstanding expenses or charges as required in
                                             accordance with these Terms read with the Security Trustee Agreements. The sums due to
                                             You and/or gold to be delivered (as the case may be), after settling the aforementioned
                                             charges, would be dealt with in accordance with these Terms read with the Security Trustee
                                             Agreements.
3.2.4. By way of these Terms, You authorize the Security Trustee to act on Your behalf to ensure
                                                 that Your interests are adequately protected.
3.3. Safe Keeping/Vaulting of Gold
3.3.1. Gold purchased by You corresponding to the Customer Order shall be stored with a
                                         custodian in a vault on Your behalf (
“Vault Keeper”
).
3.3.2. You hereby authorize (i) appointment of such Vault Keeper to safe keep the gold purchased;
                                         and (ii) DGIPL to store such gold products purchased by You, including, but not limited to,
                                         bullion, coins or jewellery (as the case may be) in the secured vault on Your behalf
                                         (
“Customer Gold”
). It is hereby clarified that Your purchase of the gold corresponding to
                                         the Customer Order shall be deemed to be completed and title in relation thereto shall be
                                         deemed to have been passed upon such relevant portion of the Customer Gold being stored
                                         in the vault with the Vault Keeper on Your behalf or upon a final invoice being issued by
                                         DGIPL in accordance with these Terms, subject to applicable laws.
3.3.3. To ensure that the Customer Gold stored in such vault is adequately protected, necessary
                                             insurance policy/ies has been obtained by the Vault Keeper, where the cost of insurance to
                                             safe keep the same will be borne by the Vault Keeper. Pursuant to such insurance policy/ies,
                                             for any loss or damage to the Customer Gold stored in the vault, You further authorize the
                                             Security Trustee to act as Your beneficiary under the insurance policy/ies and to take all
                                             steps necessary to protect Your interests.
3.3.4. While the Vault Keeper has taken the necessary insurance policy/ies, in case of occurrence
                                         of an event not covered in such insurance policy/ies, the Customer Gold may be at risk. The
                                         insurance policy/ies obtained by the Vault Keeper are in line with the global industry
                                         practices and cover losses due to fire, lightning, theft, cyclone, earthquake, flood, etc. but
                                         do not cover losses due to events such as war, revolution, derelict weapons of war, nuclear
                                         radiation, etc.
STORAGE OF GOLD
You are required to take delivery of Your Customer Gold within such maximum period as shall be specified
                                 for this purpose by DGIPL from time to time on the Platform (
“Maximum Storage Period”
). For the purposes
                                 of making delivery to You, You are required to provide a valid address and/or any other
                                 documents/information/ biometric identification that may be specified in this regard by Freecharge and/or
                                 DGIPL on the Platform from time to time. You may provide such address at any time during the Maximum
                                 Storage Period. In the event that no valid address has been provided by You during the Maximum Storage
                                 Period, then Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall for a period 1 year commencing from the date of expiry of
                                 Maximum Storage Period (such period being the
“Grace Period”
) attempt at least once to contact You using
                                 the contact information provided by You to obtain either (i) an address to which You would require the gold
                                 in question to be delivered or (ii) Your bank account details into which sale proceeds of the Customer Gold
                                 shall be deposited. In the event that Freecharge and/or DGIPL has not been able to contact You during the
                                 applicable Grace Period using the contact information provided by You or where You shall during the Grace
                                 Period either fail to:
take delivery of the gold in question for any reason whosoever (including where You shall not have
                                         provided any address to take delivery of such gold); or
provide the details for a valid bank account into which the proceeds of any sale of such Customer
                                         Gold is to be deposited;
then upon expiry of the applicable Grace Period for the Customer Gold in question, DGIPL shall purchase such
                                 Customer Gold with the purchase price being the applicable prevailing price displayed on the Platform for
                                 purchase of gold from Customers. The purchase proceeds realized from such sale (
“Final Sale Proceeds”
)
                                 after deducting any amounts payable to DGIPL as storage charges for storage of such gold after the Free
                                 Storage Period, shall be deposited into a no-lien bank account operated by the Security Trustee who shall be
                                 the sole signatory to such bank account. In the event that You shall during a period of 3 years commencing
                                 from the date of expiry of the applicable Grace Period (such period being the
“Final Claim Period”
) notify
                                 either Freecharge, DGIPL or the Security Trustee that You are claiming the applicable Final Sale Proceeds, the
                                 Security Trustee shall issue suitable instructions to transfer the Final Sale Proceeds to such bank account as
                                 You shall notify for this purpose. Please note that to claim the Final Sale Proceeds You will be required to
                                 provide details of a valid bank account and that the Final Sale Proceeds will not be transferred in the absence
                                 of such details. At no time will the Final Sale Proceeds be paid to You in cash. In the event that You shall not
                                 claim Your Final Sale Proceeds within the Final Claim Period, then the Final Sale Proceeds shall be transferred
                                 to the Prime Minister’s Relief Fund or such other fund as You may designate for this purpose at any time prior
                                 to the expiry of the Grace Period.
FORCE MAJEURE
If performance under these Terms is prevented, restricted, delayed or interfered with by reason of labour
                                 disputes, strikes, acts of God, floods, lightning, severe weather, shortages of materials, rationing, inducement
                                 of any virus, Trojan or other disruptive mechanisms, any event of hacking or illegal usage of the Platform,
                                 utility or communication failures, earthquakes, war, revolution, acts of terrorism, civil commotion, acts of
                                 public enemies, blockade, embargo or any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, demand or
                                 requirement having legal effect of any government or any judicial authority or representative of any such
                                 government, or failure of any device used to access the Platform, or any other act whatsoever, whether similar
                                 or dissimilar to those referred to in this section, which are beyond the reasonable control of Freecharge and/or
                                 DGIPL and could not have been prevented by reasonable precautions then Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall be
                                 discharged from such performance to the extent of and during the period of such force majeure event. Such
                                 non-performance by Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall, in no manner whosoever, amount to a breach of its
                                 obligations herein.
TERMINATION OF SERVICES BY DGIPL
6.1. DGIPL, in its sole discretion, may modify, suspend, or terminate access to or may require the
                                 Platform to modify, suspend, or terminate access to, all or any portion of the Platform or Your ability
                                 to access any Services through the Platform at any time for any reason including termination for
                                 breach of any of these Terms or occurrence of a Customer EoD or the Privacy Policy. The term
“Customer EoD”
shall mean any default by a Customer of its obligations owed to the Security
                                 Trustee, under the Security Trustee Agreements provided that for the purposes of enforcing the
                                 hypothecation created by You in favour of the Security Trustee, the Security Trustee would be
                                 required to first obtain a suitable order / direction passed in its favour from a competent judicial or
                                 statutory authority having jurisdiction in the matter.
6.2. These Terms shall further stand terminated:
6.2.1. if DGIPL is adjudged bankrupt or declared insolvent;
6.2.2. if DGIPL ceases to carry on its business or has communicated to the Security Trustee any
                                         intention to cease to carry on its business;
6.2.3. if DGIPL breaches any of the terms and conditions under the Security Trustee
                                         Agreements or Terms and DGIPL does not remedy such breach within 60 (Sixty) days of
                                         being called upon to do so by the Security Trustee;
6.2.4. upon any corporate action (excluding any third party corporate action), legal proceedings
                                         or other procedures or steps being taken in relation to the suspension of payments,
                                         winding up, dissolution, administration, provisional supervision or reorganization or
                                         restructuring (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) of
                                         DGIPL;
6.2.5. upon DGIPL commencing a voluntary proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy,
                                         insolvency, winding up or other similar applicable law now or hereafter in effect, or
                                         consenting to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary proceeding under any such
                                         applicable law, or consenting to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver,
                                         liquidator, assignee (or similar official) for the whole or a substantial part of its property
                                         or takes any action towards its re-organization, liquidation or dissolution;
6.2.6. upon an order being made for the winding up, bankruptcy or dissolution of DGIPL, or an
                                         application is admitted for initiating any corporate insolvency resolution process against
                                         DGIPL in accordance with Applicable Law;
6.2.7. upon any encumbrancer lawfully taking possession, or a liquidator, judicial custodian,
                                         receiver, administrative receiver or trustee or any analogous officer having been
                                         appointed in respect of the whole or a substantial part of the property of DGIPL, or an
                                         attachment, sequestration, distress or execution (or analogous process) being levied or
                                         enforced upon or issued against whole or a substantial part of the assets or property of
                                         DGIPL, or any action has been taken or suffered against DGIPL towards liquidation or
                                         dissolution or similar reorganization; or
6.2.8. upon a liquidator or provisional liquidator being appointed to DGIPL or a receiver,
                                         receiver and manager, trustee or similar official being appointed in respect of DGIPL or
                                         any of its assets, or an event analogous.
6.3. Upon the happening of any of the events referred to in Section 6.2, and where there is any
                                     insufficiency of DGIPL funds required to pay any costs and expenses to be incurred in relation to
                                     providing delivery of Your Customer Gold to You, then in such an event You do hereby authorise
                                     the Security Trustee to sell any part of the Customer Gold, that is necessary or required to defray
                                     such costs and expenses.
6.4. Pursuant to the Security Trustee Agreements, DGIPL has created acharge by way of hypothecation
                                     in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the Customers over: (a) the monies lying in the
                                     Collection Account from time to time; and (b) gold purchased by DGIPL from time to time and
                                     lying with the Vault Keeper or in transit and, which is the property of DGIPL; (collectively
                                     “Security”). Upon the occurrence of any of the events detailed in Section 6.1 and 6.2, the Security
                                     Trustee under the Security Trustee Agreements is to: (i) declare all outstanding amounts as due and
                                     payable to the Security Trustee forthwith; and (ii) take charge and/or possession of, seize, recover,
                                     receive and remove the Security and use the same to discharge any liability of DGIPL to the
                                     Customers. You however expressly understand and acknowledge that any enforcement of the
                                     Security would always be subject to and undertaken in accordance with the provisions of Applicable
                                     Law and therefore:
(i) it is not possible to accurately predict the time required to make any such distribution; and/or
(ii) the amount received by You from such distribution may not be sufficient to completely
                                     extinguish DGIPL’s liability to You;
and consequently, no liability shall accrue to the Security Trustee in relation to the above.
CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION OF SERVICES BY DGIPL
7.1. Upon such termination for any reason whatsoever, subject to these Terms read with the Security
                                     Trustee Agreements:
7.1.1. Fractional amounts for gold holdings of less than 1 (One) gram may be sold and cash in
                                     pursuance thereto will be sent directly to Your bank account, after deducting all the
                                     requisite charges relating to appointment of Intermediaries (including but not limited to
                                     charges due and payable to Intermediaries and any other out of pocket expenses, custody
                                     charges, minting and delivery charges) (
“Charges”
).
7.1.2. For larger gold holdings, the Security Trustee shall (to the extent You have not already
                                         paid for all the Charges) be allowed to sell part of Your gold to pay for all the Charges
                                         to all the Intermediaries. The remaining portion of the gold shall be delivered to You in
                                         accordance with these Terms, along with the details of the deductions made and the
                                         quantum of gold that You are entitled to receive.
7.2. You acknowledge that the termination of Your access to the Platform and Services may be affected
                                 without any prior notice, and the Gold Account may be immediately deactivated or deleted and all
                                 related information and/or bar any further access to the Gold Account the Platform or the Services.
                                 Further, You agree that Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall not be liable for any discontinuation or
                                 termination of Services by any third party.
7.3. None of Your content shall remain accessible on the Platform upon termination. This information
                                     cannot be recovered by You, once the account is terminated.
7.4. The disclaimer of warranties, the limitation of liability, and the governing law provisions shall
                                     survive any termination of these Terms.
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
These Terms shall be governed by and interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of India. The
                                 courts of Mumbai shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising under these Terms. In the event
                                 of any dispute arising out of these Terms the same shall be settled by a binding arbitration conducted by a sole
                                 arbitrator, appointed jointly by both parties and governed by the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The
                                 venue of arbitration shall be Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.
PART – II
CREATION OF GOLD ACCOUNT AND REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS
9.1. Before availing the Services, the Customer shall complete registration process as may be prescribed
                                 from time to time. The Customer shall follow the instructions given in the Platform for opening a
                                 Gold Account. Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall be entitled to collect and store relevant information
                                 and documents provided by the Customer to the Platform for KYC purposes. As and when required
                                 by DGIPL and/or Freecharge, the Customer will be required to provide additional documents for
                                 fulfilling the KYC requirements. You authorize DGIPL and Freecharge to make such enquiries as
                                 may be necessary to satisfy about the validity of Your identity. You shall be responsible for the
                                 correctness of information provided to DGIPL and Freecharge from time to time. If You have
                                 reasons to believe that there is an error in the information furnished by You, You shall immediately
                                 provide correct / updated information.
9.2. Freecharge and/or DGIPL through Freecharge, reserves the right to terminate any Gold Account,
                                     with or without notice to You, in the event the KYC documents / information are found to be
                                     incorrect, or authenticity of the documents / information is found to be doubtful. You hereby
                                     undertake to indemnify and keep indemnified Freecharge and/or DGIPL against any and all losses,
                                     claims, liabilities costs etc. which arise out of or relating to Your failure to identify Yourself and
                                     validate Your account promptly and / or due to incorrect KYC documents / information.
9.3. Know Your Customer (KYC) and Verification
9.3.1. Prior to placing an order, You may be required to provide certain KYC documentation and
                                         other information as may be required by Freecharge and/or DGIPL in such form and
                                         manner as it may deem fit.
9.3.2. Once such documentation and other information is provided by You to Freecharge, You
                                         shall be entitled to place an order on the Platform (
“Customer Order”
).
9.3.3. You agree that Your continued use of the Platform, consequent upon the creation of the
                                         Gold Account, is subject to verification by DGIPL and/ or Freecharge (on behalf of
                                         DGIPL), of the information and documentation provided by You. You hereby grant DGIPL
                                         and/ or Freecharge permission to conduct such verification, in such form and manner as it
                                         may deem fit.
9.3.4. You further acknowledge that DGIPL and/ or Freecharge reserves the right for such
                                         verification either on registration of the Gold Account or at any time thereafter.
9.4. Customer’s Obligations
9.4.1. You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Gold Account
                                         Information and shall be fully responsible for all activities that occur under the Gold
                                         Account. You agree to immediately notify Freecharge and/or DGIPL of any unauthorised
                                         use of the Gold Account Information or any other breach of security. DGIPL or Freecharge
                                         cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Your failure to comply
                                         with this section. You may be held liable for losses incurred by DGIPL or Freecharge or
                                         any user or visitor of the Platform due to authorised or unauthorised use of the Gold
                                         Account, as a result of Your failure in keeping the Gold Account Information confidential.
9.4.2. You shall ensure that the Gold Account Information provided by You in the registration
                                         form is complete, accurate and up-to-date. Use of another Customer’s account information
                                         for availing of any of the Services and/or for use of the Platform is expressly prohibited.
9.4.3. You agree that if You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or
                                         incomplete, (or becomes untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete) or if Freecharge and
                                         DGIPL has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not
                                         current, incomplete, or not in accordance with these Terms, Freecharge and DGIPL through
                                         Freecharge shall have the right to indefinitely suspend or terminate or block access to the
                                         Gold Account on the Platform and refuse to provide You with access to the Platform.
PURCHASE OF GOLD
10.1. You can offer to buy Gold worth Rs.1.00 (Rupee One Only) and above incremental value thereof at
                                     the market linked prices of gold shown on the Platform. Market linked prices meansthat these quotes
                                     are linked to the prices of gold in the commercial bullion market in India.
10.2. It is hereby clarified that such market linked prices of gold shall constitute fully binding offers and
                                         would be an invitation to offer to purchase gold at the said market prices to all Customers.
                                         Notwithstanding the foregoing, You understand that these prices may vary multiple times within a
                                         day, and accordingly Your payment obligations for any order will depend on the market linked prices
                                         then prevailing.
                                         While reasonable efforts will be made to offer You a competitive price for the Customer Gold, there
                                         is no guarantee that the price offered to You will be close to or comparable with other prices available
                                         in the market.
10.3. Payment will be accepted through the payment options made available on the Platform, which may
                                             include redirection to a Payment Gateway hosted by other third party website or platform, including
                                             by DGIPL. At the time of purchase / fulfilment / sale-back / transfer of Gold, the relevant taxes will
                                             be chargeable as applicable as per the Government regulations. It is hereby clarified that once a
                                             Customer Order is placed, You are not entitled to cancel a Customer Order, provided however that
                                             a Customer Order shall stand cancelled if the payment fails for any reason whatsoever.
10.4. Freecharge and/or DGIPL reserves the right to cancel a Customer Order, at its sole discretion, if
                                     Your information, provided prior to placing the Customer Order, is not found acceptable and
                                     Freecharge and/or DGIPL are of the opinion that You are not eligible to purchase gold. The Gold
                                     Account shall accordingly stand amended. Freecharge as well as DGIPL shall have the right to freeze
                                     the Gold Account until it receives KYC and other documentation in a form and manner satisfactory
                                     to Freecharge and DGIPL.
10.5. Once the payments are received by DGIPL and the KYC information is found acceptable, DGIPL
                                     shall issue an invoice to You confirming the Customer Order placed within a period of 3 (Three)
                                     business days of placing such order, in a manner it may deem fit.
10.6. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Terms, Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall
                                     be entitled to accept or reject a Customer, for any reason whatsoever, at its sole discretion.
10.7. In case of rejection of a Customer Order in accordance with these Terms, where payments have been
                                     received by DGIPL, such payments shall be returned to You to the bank account linked to Your
                                     account, subject to the terms and conditions indicated on the Platform.
DELIVERY OF GOLD
11.1. This Platform offers Services for Customers who wish to procure delivery of the Customer Gold in
                                 accordance with these Terms.
11.2. You shall be entitled to procure delivery of the Customer Gold using the Platform (
“Delivery
                                 Request”
).
11.3. Upon placing the Delivery Request, You shall be required to pay for the applicable charges and
                                 confirm the Delivery Request. Your Gold Account shall be provisionally debited corresponding to
                                 the quantity of the Customer Gold sought to be delivered (
“Delivered Customer Gold”
).
11.4. Within a period of 7 (Seven) business days of the Delivery Request being confirmed or such further
                                 period as may be required by DGIPL, DGIPL shall arrange for delivery of the Delivered Customer
                                 Gold at the shipping address indicated by You. You shall be solely responsible for ensuring that the
                                 correct address is furnished by You on the Platform for processing such Delivery Request. You shall
                                 not be entitled to change the shipping address after the Delivery Request is processed byDGIPL.
11.5. You should carefully examine the package delivered and shall not accept deliveries where the
                                 packaging has been tampered with. If, however, You are of the view that the package delivered has
                                 been tampered with, You shall be required to intimate DGIPL immediately of the same, and provide
                                 such other information as may be required by DGIPL in this regard (
“Return Request”
). Within a
                                 period of 14 (Fourteen) business days of the original package of Delivered Customer Gold being
                                 delivered back to DGIPL, in a manner indicated by DGIPL, and the Return Request being approved
                                 by DGIPL, DGIPL shall arrange for re-delivery of the Delivered Customer Gold at the shipping
                                 address indicated by You. The costs for such shipping shall be borne by DGIPL. However, in the
                                 event of frivolous and unjustified Return Requests made by You, Freecharge and/or DGIPL reserve
                                 the right to take all action available to it, including black-listing or blocking You from using the
                                 Services on the Platform.
11.6. You, upon signing the delivery receipt, acknowledge the receipt of the Delivered Customer Gold in
                                 terms of the Delivery Request placed with DGIPL. DGIPL shall not be liable to You for any
                                 refund/replacement, under any circumstance, for any subsequent complaints with respect to such
                                 deliveries and/or any failure on Your part (as the case may be) to comply with these Terms.
11.7. Upon receipt ofthe Delivery Request by DGIPL, the Gold Account shall be debited for the Delivered
                                     Customer Gold from the Gold Account.
11.8. It shall be Your responsibility to ensure that You are available to receive the Delivered Customer
                                 Gold at the time of delivery. If You are not available at the time of delivery, DGIPL courier agent
                                 may try and deliver the item again before returning the same to DGIPL. In case of return of the
                                 Delivered Customer Gold to DGIPL, Gold Account shall be credited for the Delivered Customer
                                 Gold, after deducting the charges (if any) due from You, provided however that DGIPL is of the
                                 opinion that the packaging has not been tampered with. It is hereby clarified that should a request
                                 for re-delivery be made by You, You shall be solely liable to incur the applicable charges for
                                 delivering the Delivered Customer Gold.
11.9. In case of DGIPL’s inability to make deliveries of Delivered Customer Gold due to a Force Majeure
                                 Event, DGIPL shall intimate You of the same and may require that the deliveries be effectuated
                                 through specific modes. In such a case, You hereby agree to bear any additional costs and fees
                                 necessary for the delivery to be complete.
11.10. DGIPL will not be able to deliver a fractional quantity of gold below such threshold as DGIPL shall
                                 notify for this purpose even if a Customer Request is made for such fractional quantity (
“Threshold
                                 Quantity”
). You are advised to check the Platform periodically to determine the Threshold Quantity
                                 as the same may be revised from time to time. In the event that any Gold below the Threshold
                                 Quantity is to be delivered to You, then please note that such Customer Gold shall instead be sold
                                 by DGIPL based on the sale prices displayed on the Platform and You will instead receive the
                                 applicable sale proceeds in Your bank account, details of which are provided by You. If there is any
                                 mistake in the account number provided by You, Freecharge and/or DGIPL would not be held
                                 responsible for the same.
11.11. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Terms, DGIPL shall be entitled to reject
                                     a Customer Request which is not in compliance with the Terms hereof, and shall intimate the
                                     Customer of the reasons for the same.
11.12. Based on the changes made to the Gold Account (in lieu of the Customer Orders and/or Customer
                                     Requests), if You are of the opinion that the changes made thereto do not tally with the orders and/or
                                     Customer Requests placed by You, You may contact Freecharge at care@freecharge.com (or such
                                     other address as may be communicated by Freecharge in this regard), who shall accordingly take all
                                     necessary actions for taking care of any such identified discrepancies.
11.13. It is hereby clarified that the Customer Gold cannot be pledged or transferred by You to any other
                                 user, and the Gold Account is non-transferrable, unless specifically allowed by DGIPL. In the event
                                 of Your death, if specifically allowed by DGIPL, the title to such Customer Gold lying in the vault
                                 and the Gold Account shall transfer to Your legal heirs only after the required due diligence has
                                 been conducted. Subsequent to this, Your legal heir(s) shall be regarded as the Customer for the
                                 purpose of the Customer Gold and Gold Account thereafter and the Terms shall be applicable to
                                 Your legal heir(s).
11.14. It is hereby clarified that the Platform displays the articles that are available for shopping. Some
                                     items may appear slightly larger or smaller than actual size due to screen defaults and photography
                                     techniques. Freecharge and DGIPL shall not be liable for any legal action on this account. It shall
                                     be the endeavour of Freecharge to ensure that all details regarding the product are clearly displayed
                                     on the Platform.
11.15. Due to reasons not directly attributable to DGIPL or Freecharge, data may be inaccurately displayed
                                     on the Platform due to some system errors on the Platform or any device used to access the Platform.
                                     Freecharge reserves the right to correct any and all errors when they do occur, at its sole discretion,
                                     and Freecharge or DGIPL shall be entitled to not honour any requests/orders placed by You based
                                     on any inaccurate or erroneous prices.
11.16. The prices quoted on the Platform are fixed and not negotiable. The prices on the Platform are also
                                     subject to change without notice to You.
11.17. It is hereby clarified that the delivery of the gold is managed by DGIPL, so all the delivery related concerns need to be directly reported to DGIPL. DGIPL shall be entitled to provide resolution after due investigation of the case. Freecharge will not be liable for any delivery related issues.
SELL THE CUSTOMER GOLD
12.1. You may be provided an option to sell the Customer Gold during market hours based on the sale
                                     prices on the Platform. If the prices are found acceptable to You, You shall confirm the sale request,
                                     in a form and manner acceptable to DGIPL (
“Sale Request”
). Your Gold Account shall be debited
                                     corresponding to the quantity of the Customer Gold sought to be sold vide the Sale Request (
“Sold
                                     Customer Gold”
).
12.2. Within a period of 2 (Two) business days of the Sale Request being confirmed or such further period
                                     as may be required, the payment, pursuant to the Sale Request, shall be disbursed by DGIPL at the
                                     sale prices indicated at the time of placing such Sale Request. DGIPL shall arrange for such
                                     payments to be made to Your bank account, details of which are provided by You. If there is any
                                     mistake in the account number, ISC code etc. provided by You, DGIPL would not be held
                                     responsible for the same.
12.3. It is hereby clarified that DGIPL and/or Freecharge will provide this service on a best efforts basis
                                     and only when the commercial bullion market is in operation. DGIPL and Freecharge do not in any
                                     way guarantee that this option will be available to You at all times. Further, the buyer of the Sold
                                     Customer Gold may be either DGIPL or another party (being interested in buying the Sold Customer
                                     Gold). Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall not be held liable for any actions of such third-party
                                     purchaser.
12.4. You will be provided with free storage for Your Customer Gold for such period as more particularly
                                     stipulated by DGIPL in this regard from time to time at its sole discretion and notified to Customers
                                     on the Platform (
“Free Storage Period”
). After the expiry of the Free Storage Period, DGIPL shall
                                     be entitled to levy storage charges for such Customer Gold at such rate as would be specified on the
                                     Platform, and which may be revised from time to time. The charges would be levied by deducting
                                     the gold balance at the end of each month by a percentage amount at the specified rate. You are
                                     advised to periodically check the Platform to understand these storage charges. In the event, DGIPL
                                     is not able to deduct the storage charges because Your gold balance is too low, then DGIPL shall be
                                     entitled to sell such portion of Your Customer Gold stored with the Vault Keeper that is necessary
                                     or required to recover the unpaid storage charges in question.
12.5. While reasonable efforts will be made to offer You a competitive price for the Customer Gold, there
                                     is no guarantee that the price offered to You will be close to or comparable with other prices available
                                     in the market.
12.6. Change in Mobile Phone Number: In the event that You update the mobile phone number associated
                                     with Your Freecharge Account, Your Gold Account information will not be visible on the Platform.
                                     Accordingly, You can either:
12.6.1. update Your mobile phone number on the Platform and Sell the Customer Gold linked to
                                             Your existing mobile phone number by visiting the DGIPL website, i.e.,
https://www.safegold.com;
or
12.6.2. sell the Customer Gold linked to Your existing mobile phone number by placing a Sale
                                             Request through the Platform and update Your mobile phone number after the payment
                                             with respect to sale of Gold is disbursed to You.
. USE OF THE PLATFORM AND SERVICES
13.1. You acknowledge that the Services are for Your personal use and agree not to publish the gold prices
                                 or descriptions of gold and/or any other information displayed on the Platform (in lieu of Your access
                                 to the Platform) on any other medium. You shall not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display,
                                 perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information,
                                 software, products, or services obtained from the Services.
13.2. Subject to these Terms and the Privacy Policy, You hereby grant to DGIPL and Freecharge a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free right to (a) collect, store, and transmit Your data, in each case
                                 solely to the extent necessary to provide the Services to You, and (b) share Your data or interact
                                 with other people, to distribute and publicly perform and display Your data as You direct or enable
                                 through the Services. You will provide Your consent to Freecharge as may be required under
                                 applicable law for the use and/or sharing of any data generated by You when purchasing Gold or
                                 otherwise using the Platform for any services related to the purchasing of the Gold in such manner
                                 as Freecharge may stipulate in this regard. Freecharge may share Your data with DGIPL, who, in
                                 turn, may share Your data with the Security Trustee as required to fulfil their obligations as a
                                 Security Trustee. Your data will continue to be governed by confidentiality obligations outlined in
                                 Section 20. It is hereby clarified that DGIPL would be the owner of any data generated by You when
                                 purchasing the Gold on the Platform.
13.3. You represent and warrant that: (i) You have obtained all necessary rights, releases and permissions
                                     to provide all Your data to Freecharge and DGIPL and to grant the rights granted to Freecharge and
                                     DGIPL in these Terms and (ii) Your data and its transfer to and use by Freecharge and DGIPL as
                                     authorized by You under these Terms do not violate any laws or rights of any third party, including
                                     without limitation any intellectual property rights, rights of privacy, or rights of publicity, and any
                                     use, collection and disclosure authorized herein is not inconsistent with the terms of any applicable
                                     privacy policies. Other than its security obligations under these Terms and the Privacy Policy,
                                     Freecharge and/or DGIPL assume no responsibility or liability for Your data, and You shall be solely
                                     responsible for Your data and the consequences of using, disclosing, storing, or transmitting it.
13.4. Freecharge and/or DGIPL shall not be held liable for any loss of data, technical or otherwise,
                                     information, or for particulars supplied by You, due to the reasons beyond its control like corruption
                                     of data or delay or failure to perform as a result of a Force Majeure Event.
13.5. DGIPL shall have the sole discretion to determine the locations and pin codes it may want to serve.
13.6. The provision of Services may be interrupted, including for maintenance, repairs, upgrades, or
                                     network or equipment failures. Freecharge and DGIPL strives to keep the Services up and running;
                                     however, all online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages. Freecharge and DGIPL are
                                     not liable for any disruption or loss You may suffer as a result.
13.7. DGIPL may discontinue some or all of the Services, including certain features and the support for
                                     certain devices and platforms, at any time.
SUSPENSION / CLOSURE OF GOLD ACCOUNT
14.1. DGIPL may, at its discretion, suspend Gold Account of Customers, if there appearsto be a fraudulent
                                 or suspicious activity in the account. If Freecharge and/or DGIPL are of the opinion that You are
                                 involved in any unlawful activity or the Gold Account is used for any unlawful purpose, Freecharge
                                 and/or DGIPL shall have the right to take all actions available to it, including black-listing or
                                 blocking You from using the Services on its Platform or blocking Your access to the Services
                                 through the Platform or intimating the relevant authorities of such unlawful activities.
14.2. Your Gold Account may be closed in the event that the arrangement between DGIPL and Freecharge
                                     is terminated or otherwise Freecharge decides to discontinue the relationship with DGIPL. In such
                                     an event, the Your Gold balance may be accessible on www.safegold.com and DGIPL may continue
                                     to provide the Services and the customer support or facilitate the delivery / sale of Your Gold
                                     balance.
14.3. Each of Freecharge and DGIPL shall not be held liable / responsible, in any manner whatsoever, for
                                     any loss / liability arising out of or relating to any technical failure / issue in Platform and / or acts /
                                     omission not attributable to it.
14.4. You shall inform immediately, in any case no later than 10 (ten) days of the transaction, of any
                                     irregularities or discrepancies that may exist in Your Gold Account, failing which it shall be deemed
                                     that there is no error or discrepancy in the account. All records maintained by Freecharge and/or
                                     DGIPL, in electronic or documentary form of the instructions of the Customer and such other details
                                     (including, but not limited to payments made or received) pursuant to the Terms, shall as against the
                                     Customer, be deemed to be conclusive evidence of such instructions.
FEES
15.1. You hereby agree that You shall be liable for all fees and charges associated with the use of the
                                 Platform and Services. Further, details of the fees payable (including, but not limited to the terms
                                 pertaining to such fees and the quantum thereof), has been set out on the Platform. Please note that
                                 the fees and charges may be revised from time to time and it would be Your responsibility to view
                                 the Platform to check the then current fees and charges payable.
15.2. It is hereby clarified that fees and charges, once paid, are non-refundable.
15.3. All payments made for the use of the Platform and/or purchase of Customer Gold by You shall be
                                 compulsorily in Indian Rupees.
15.4. While availing any of the payment method/s available on the Platform for availing the Services,
                                 Freecharge and DGIPL shall not be responsible for or assume any liability, whatsoever in respect of
                                 any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly to You due to:
15.4.1. Lack of authorization for any transaction(s), or
15.4.2. Exceeding the preset limit mutually agreed by You and between bank/s and/or other
                                         institutions used by You in making payment, or
15.4.3. Any payment issues arising out of the transaction, or
15.4.4. Rejection of transaction for any other reason(s) whatsoever.
15.5. DGIPL may temporarily/permanently suspend/terminate the Gold Account or refuse access in case
                                     of non-payment of fees due by You. Without limitation to the other rights and remedies available to
                                     DGIPL, it also reserves the right to take legal action for the same.
MEMBER ELIGIBILITY
Use of the Platform and/or the Services is available only to Persons who can enter into legally binding contracts
                                     under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 and to Personsresident in India. Persons who are "incompetent to contract"
                                     within the meaning of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 including minors, un-discharged insolvents and persons
                                     of unsound mind are not eligible to use the Platform or the Services. Any person under the age of 18 shall not
                                     register on the Platform and shall not transact on or use the Platform in relation to or for any Services. DGIPL
                                     reserves the right to terminate any Person’s membership and/or refuse to provide such Person with access to
                                     the Platform and/or any Services if it is brought to DGIPL’s notice or if it is discovered that such Person is not
                                     eligible to use the Platform and/or any Service.
ABSENCE OF RELATIONSHIP
17.1. You represent and warrant to Freecharge and DGIPL that You have sufficient experience and
                                 knowledge to make informed decisions to purchase / sell Gold. You acknowledge that You have not
                                 relied on any information made available either by Freecharge or DGIPL and that Freecharge or
                                 DGIPL is not making any recommendation with respect to such purchases / sale-back of Gold. No
                                 relationship other than seller-purchaser, including, without limitation, any agent-principal
                                 relationship, any advisor-advisee relationship, any employee-employer relationship, any franchiseefranchisor relationship, any joint venture relationship or any partnership relationship, exists between
                                 You and Freecharge and/or DGIPL.
17.2. You acknowledge that DGIPL and Freecharge are not providing / dealing in / offering any
                                 investment product and does not offer any guarantee / assured returns. You further acknowledge that
                                 value of Gold may vary depending on various factors and forces.
ELECTRONIC ORDER RISKS
Commercial internet service providers are not 100% reliable and a failure by one or more of these providers
                                 may affect internet-based order entry. You acknowledge that the order entry system is an electronic mechanical
                                 system and as such may be subject to failure beyond the control of Freecharge or DGIPL. Therefore, Freecharge
                                 or DGIPL shall not be responsible for errors, negligence, inability to execute orders, delays in transmission,
                                 delivery or execution of order due to breakdown or failure of transmission or communication facilities
                                 (including in any device used to connect to the Platform), or to any other cause beyond Distributing Partner’s
                                 or DGIPL’s control or anticipation.
FEEDBACK
19.1. The Platform may allow You to post Your review and experience of using the Platform ("Reviews")
                                     in order to improve the Platform and the user experience.
19.2. You, being the originator of the Reviews, are responsible for the Reviews that You upload, post,
                                     publish, transmit or otherwise makes available on the Platform. You represent that all such Reviews
                                     will be in accordance with applicable law. You acknowledge that Freecharge and/or DGIPL does
                                     not endorse any Reviews on the Platform and is not responsible or liable for any Reviews.
                                     Freecharge reserves the right to disable access to the Reviews on the Platform.
19.3. You hereby grant Freecharge a perpetual, non-revocable, worldwide, royalty-free and sub-licensable
                                     right and license to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, transmit, make available, reproduce,
                                     modify, adapt the Reviews in any manner as deemed appropriate by Freecharge in any form
                                     including but not limited to print, broadcast, online and across any and all websites and platforms
                                     owned by Freecharge.
19.4. You further represent and warrant that while posting any Reviews on the Platform You shall not use
                                     any offensive, libellous, derogatory, hateful or racially or ethnically objectionable language. Further,
                                     You shall not post any content on any part of the Platform that is obscene, pornographic, constitutes
                                     an “indecent representation of women” as provided in the Indecent Representation of Women
                                     (Prohibition) Act, 1986.
CONFIDENTIALITY
As elaborated under the Privacy Policy, Freecharge and DGIPL will keep all confidential information
                                 confidential, including Your personal information, and shall not disclose it to anyone except as required by
                                 law, and shall ensure that such confidential information is protected with security measures and a degree of
                                 care that it would apply to its own confidential information. Freecharge and DGIPL acknowledges that its
                                 employees, directors, agents and contractors shall use the confidential information only for the intended
                                 purpose for which it is provided. Freecharge and DGIPL shall use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that its
                                 employees, directors, agents and contractors acknowledge and comply with the provisions of these Terms of
                                 confidentiality as if such person was subject to these Terms of confidentiality.
CONTENT AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
21.1. DGIPL solely and exclusively owns respective copyrights, trademarks, service marks, logos, trade
                                 names, and other intellectual and proprietary rights associated with the Services provided by DGIPL
                                 and displayed on/accessed on the Platform and is protected under Indian law.
21.2. You hereby acknowledge that the Services constitute original works and have been developed,
                                     compiled, prepared, revised, selected, and arranged by DGIPL respectively through the application
                                     of methods and standards of judgment developed and applied through the expenditure of substantial
                                     time, effort, and money and constitutes valuable intellectual property of DGIPL and such others.
                                     You thereby agree to protect the proprietary rights of DGIPL during and after the term of these
                                     Terms. You may not selectively download portions of the Platform without retaining the copyright
                                     notices. You may download material from the Platform only for the purpose intended by these
                                     Terms.
21.3. Any infringement shall lead to appropriate legal proceedings against You at appropriate forum for
                                     seeking all available remedies under applicable laws of the country
LINKS TO/FROM THIRD-PARTIES' WEBSITES/APPLICATIONS
The Platform may contain links and interactive functionality interacting with the websites of third parties.
                                 Freecharge or DGIPL is not responsible for and has no liability for the functionality, actions, inactions, privacy
                                 settings, privacy policies, terms, or content of any such website. Before enabling any sharing functions to
                                 communicate with any such website or otherwise visiting any such website, DGIPL strongly recommends that
                                 You review and understand the terms and conditions, privacy policies, settings, and information-sharing
                                 functions of each such third-party website.
INDEMNIFICATION
You hereby agree to indemnify and keep Freecharge and DGIPL indemnified from and against all actions,
                                 claims, demands, proceedings, losses, damages, costs, charges and expenses, directly or indirectly, whatsoever
                                 (
“Losses”
) which Freecharge and/or DGIPL and/or its employees, agents, workers or representative may at
                                 any time incur, sustain, suffer or be put to as a consequence of or by reason of or arising out of: (i) the usage
                                 of the Platform and/or any device used by the Customer to access the Platform; (ii) by reason of Freecharge
                                 and/or DGIPL acting in good faith and taking or refusing to take or omitting to take action on the Customer's
                                 instructions, and in particular arising directly or indirectly out of the negligence, mistake or misconduct of the
                                 Customer; (iii) breach or non-compliance of the Terms and relating to the Gold Account; and/or (iv) fraud or
                                 dishonesty relating to any transaction by the Customer.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
24.1. ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS AND SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR
                                     OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE PLATFORM (COLLECTIVELY,
                                     THE
"CONTENTS"
) ARE PROVIDED BY DGIPL AND FREECHARGE ON AN "AS IS," "AS
                                     AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
                                     DGIPL AND/OR FREECHARGE MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF
                                     ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE PLATFORM, THE
                                     ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENTS AND THE ACCURACY OF THE
                                     INFORMATION. DGIPL AND/OR FREECHARGE SHALL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR
                                     ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS
                                     FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY CONTENT, MATERIALS, DOCUMENT OR
                                     INFORMATION OR ANY OTHER LOSSES INCURRED BY YOU FOR USE OF THE
                                     PLATFORM. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE USE OF THE PLATFORM IS AT YOUR
                                     SOLE RISK. DGIPL AND/OR FREECHARGE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES
                                     OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE PLATFORM OR THE SERVICES OR THE
                                     CONTENTS INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT,
                                     CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, UNLESS
                                     OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,
                                     DGIPL AND/OR FREECHARGE DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND
                                     WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PLATFORM (OR ANY PART THEREOF) AND ITS
                                     CONTENTS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
                                     WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
                                     PURPOSE OR USE.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
You hereby acknowledge that DGIPL and/or Freecharge (including but not limited to its, directors, employees,
                                 agents or partners) shall not be held liable to You for any special, consequential, incidental, and exemplary or
                                 punitive damages, or loss of profit or revenues. DGIPL and/or Freecharge shall also not be liable under any
                                 circumstances for damages arising out or related in any way to Your inability to access, or Your difficulty in
                                 accessing the Platform to avail of any Services, any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be
                                 transmitted to or through the Platform by any third party, any loss of Your data, any claim relating to Your data
                                 or content from the Services and/or Your failure to keep the Gold Account Information secure and confidential.
                                 You further agree that DGIPL shall not be held responsible in any manner whatsoever for any and all acts or
                                 omissions of Freecharge, any Intermediaries or any other third party whosoever including (but not limited to)
                                 any person whose device has been used by You to access the Platform and/or any person appointed/nominated
                                 by Freecharge for the purposes of accepting/collecting any payments from You for the purchase of Gold.
                                 Likewise, Freecharge shall not be held responsible in any manner whatsoever for any and all acts of any third
                                 party, DGIPL or other Intermediaries.
GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL MECHANISM
26.1. In accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and Rules made thereunder:
26.1.1. the contact details of Grievance Officer for the purposes of Freecharge are:
Name: Mr. Mandeep Sokhanda
E-mail ID: care@freecharge.com
26.1.2. the contact details of Grievance Officer for the purposes of DGIPL are:
Name: Rukhsar Khan
E-mail ID: care@safegold.in
Address: 1902B Peninsula Business Park, G.K. Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400013
AMENDMENTS, ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
27.1. DGIPL reserve the right, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms at any time.
                                 Such changes shall be posted on the Platform and shall be notified to the Customer prior to making
                                 such changes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Customer shall be responsible for regularly
                                 reviewing the Terms, including amendments thereto as may be posted on the Platform and shall be
                                 deemed to have accepted the amended Terms by continuing the use of Platform.
27.2. Accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Platform indicates Your agreement to all the terms and
                                     conditions under these Terms. You are advised to read these Terms carefully before proceeding. By
                                     impliedly or expressly accepting these Terms, You also accept and agree to be bound by all policies,
                                     including but not limited to the privacy policy of Freecharge and DGIPL (
“Privacy Policy”
), as
                                     amended from time to time. You can view and read the Privacy Policy of Freecharge at the Platform
                                     and the Privacy Policy of DGIPL at www.safegold.com.
27.3. You may not use the Platform or avail of the Services if You do not accept the Terms or are unable
                                     to be bound by the Terms. As a condition of Your access to and use of the Platform or the provision
                                     of any Services to You using the Platform, You agree that You will comply with all applicable laws
                                     and regulations when using the Platform. If DGIPL is of the opinion that the Gold Account is being
                                     used by You for any unlawful purpose, DGIPL shall have the right to take all actions available to it,
                                     including black-listing or blocking You from using the Services through the Platform or intimating
                                     the relevant authorities of such unlawful activities.
Terms and Conditions for Term life insurance
I understand that the term insurance is offered by Max Life Insurance Company Limited 
                                and not by Freecharge.
Nothing contained herein shall constitute and /or deem to constitute an offer and/or an invitation to an offer or a legally binding obligation on Freecharge nor shall it confer any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities to me or provide any 
                            remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action against Freecharge.
I authorize Freecharge to share the above-mentioned information provided by me with Max
                                 Life Insurance Company Limited (“Max Life Insurance”). Further, I authorize Max Life Insurance and its representatives to call me and/or send me messages with reference to the term insurance services offered by Max Life Insurance. This consent will override any registration for DNC / NDNC.
Terms and Conditions for Axis Bank Gold Loan
I understand that submission of the above mentioned information will not amount to an application or pre-qualification or eligibility for sanction of loan. 
                            Nothing contained herein shall constitute and /or deem to constitute an offer and/or an invitation to an offer or a legally binding obligation on Freecharge nor 
                            shall it confer any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities to me or provide any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action against Freecharge.
I authorize Freecharge to share the above-mentioned information provided by me with Axis Bank Limited ("Axis Bank"). Further, I authorize Axis Bank and its representatives to call me and/or send me messages with reference to the loan against gold services offered by Axis Bank. This consent will override any registration for DNC / NDNC.
Terms and Conditions for Two Wheeler Loans
I understand that submission of the above mentioned information will not amount to an application or pre-qualification or eligibility for sanction of loan.
                                Nothing contained herein shall constitute and /or deem to constitute an offer and/or an invitation to an offer or a legally binding obligation on Freecharge nor shall it confer any rights, 
                                remedies, obligations or liabilities to me or provide any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, cause of action against Freecharge.
I authorize Freecharge to share the above-mentioned information provided by me with Axis Bank Limited ("Axis Bank"). 
                                Further, I authorize Axis Bank and its representatives to call me and/or send me messages with reference to the loan against Two Wheeler Loans  offered by Axis Bank.
                                This consent will override any registration for DNC / NDNC.
Terms and Conditions for Freecharge Pay Later
Last Updated on 22nd April, 2021
This document sets out general terms and conditions (“
Pay Later Terms
”) with respect to the Freecharge pay later (“
Freecharge Pay Later
”) payment method provided by Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited (“
Freecharge
”) in partnership with Axis Bank Limited (hereinafter “
Axis Bank
” or “
Bank
”). These Pay Later Terms are in addition to the Terms of Use for Freecharge (“Terms of Use”) and any terms and conditions laid out by Axis Bank with respect to the Freecharge Pay Later (“
Axis Bank Terms
”). In case of any conflict between these Pay Later Terms and the Axis Bank Terms, the Axis Bank Terms shall prevail. “Freecharge”, “We”, “Our”, and “Us” refer to Freecharge, Our successors, affiliates, or assignees. “Customer”, “You” or “Your” shall refer to the customer, as the case may be.
We request You to read the contents of these Pay Later Terms carefully. If You disagree with the Pay Later Terms, We request You to not apply for and/or use Freecharge Pay Later.
I.
The Facility
:
The Freecharge Pay Later payment option is a credit facility that shall be made available to select registered customers of Freecharge enabling them to make purchases/payments at/to Freecharge or its merchants/partners and make repayments for the same on a deferred basis.
II.
Eligibility and Application
:
a.) The Customer understands that Freecharge Pay Later is a credit facility provided by Axis Bank and that application for availing Freecharge Pay Later shall be made to Axis Bank (“
Application
”). The Customer further understands that KYC, credit risk assessment of the Customer and evaluation of the Application shall be undertaken by Axis Bank. The Customer agrees that for the purpose of credit risk assessment, the Bank may fetch the customer’s credit information from a credit information company.
b.) The Customer understands that Freecharge is only facilitating the Customer in filling and submitting the Application through its website/mobile application (“
Freecharge Platform
”) and subsequently displaying the status of the Application. For this purpose, the Customer provides consent to Freecharge to share any information collected by Freecharge about/from the Customer with Axis Bank.
c.) Provision of the Freecharge Pay Later facility, is at the discretion of the Bank, and the Bank reserves the right to reject (exercisable in its discretion) the facility to a customer, with or without any notice or reason and without any liability.
d.) The Customer understands and agrees that the Bank shall at its discretion be entitled to charge the Customer a processing fee.
III.
Utilization of Freecharge Pay Later Facility and Refunds
:
a.) Freecharge Pay Later can only be used for payments if the customer has sufficient limit available under the Freecharge Pay Later facility granted by Axis Bank. Where full or partial payment for a transaction is being made using Freecharge Pay Later, the transaction amount cannot exceed Rs. 5000.
b.) The customer can view the utilized amount and upcoming due date on the Freecharge Platform. A statement of account can be made available to the Customer upon a written request being sent to
care@freecharge.com
.
c.) Refunds from Merchants for payments made using Freecharge Pay Later, which are received during a billing cycle shall be adjusted in the due amount. However, if the refund is received after the end of the billing cycle, the amount shall be credited to the Customer’s Freecharge Balance Issued by Axis Bank. The Customer understands and agrees that the Bank shall be entitled to charge on interest on such refunds as per the Axis Bank Terms.
d.) The amount made available to the Customer under the Freecharge Pay Later facility may be modified or the Freecharge Pay Later facility being provided to the Customer may be cancelled by the Bank in its sole discretion, and without assigning any reason and any liability. Freecharge shall have no liability in this regard.
e.) Pay Later would be the default payment mode for any Platform, unless otherwise mentioned.
IV.
Interest
:
The Customer understands and agrees that the Bank shall be entitled to charge the Customer an interest on the amount utilized from the Customer's Freecharge Pay Later limit. The interest rate at which the Freecharge Pay Later facility may be availed, shall be as conveyed to the Customer by the Bank from time to time. The Bank may also, at its discretion, from time to time specify charges associated with the Freecharge Pay Later facility.
V.
Re-payment
:
a.) The Customer shall make payments for the purchases made using Freecharge Pay Later during a given billing cycle and all fees, interest costs, charges including the Convenience Charge, expenses, and all other sums whatsoever payable by the Customer in accordance with the Pay Later Terms and the Axis Bank Terms (collectively “
Amount Due
”), by the due date for payment as maybe be intimated to the Customer by Freecharge or the Bank (“
Payment Due Date
”). The Bank shall be entitled to charge late fee in case of delay in repayment beyond the Payment Due Date. The amount of such late fee will depend upon the number of days of delay from the Payment Due Date.
b.) The Customer can make payment against the Amount Due only after generation of the Freecharge Pay Later bill at the end of the billing cycle. Partial payment of the Amount Due is not permitted.
c.) Freecharge or its representatives or service providers may notify (including by means of post, emails, SMS, phone calls, automated phone calls, etc.) the Customer at any time (including on and after the due dates of payment) regarding the details of the Amount Due. The Customer agrees to the sufficiency of such notification and agrees to make the payments due forthwith upon such notification. Further, for the purpose of this clause, the Customer authorizes Freecharge to share the Customer’s personal information and sensitive personal information with Freecharge’s service providers, including but not limited to the Customer’s name, phone number, the Amount Due, Payment Due Date etc.
d.) The Customer can make payment of the Amount Due through the UPI payment option available on the Freecharge Platform.
e.) The Customer shall be eligible to receive the Freecharge Pay Later facility for the next billing cycle only upon repayment of the Amount Due by the due date.
VI.
Convenience Charges
: Freecharge reserves the right to charge and recover from the Customer, service charges (“
Convenience Charge
”) for enabling the Customer to make payment to Freecharge partners though the Freecharge Pay Later payment option. The Customer hereby authorizes Freecharge to recover the Convenience Charge in a manner as Freecharge may deem fit along with interest for delayed payment, if any. The Customer understands that the Freecharge Pay Later facility can be suspended in the event of non-payment of Convenience Charge. The Convenience Charge shall be applicable even if the amount paid using Freecharge Pay Later is refunded by a merchant/partner.
VII.
Liability
: Under no circumstances shall Freecharge be liable for any loss, costs, or damages whatsoever whether such losses, costs or damages are direct, indirect, incidental consequential and irrespective of whether any claim is based on loss of revenue, interruption of business or any loss of any character or nature whatsoever and whether sustained by the Customer or by any other person. Further, Freecharge shall not be held liable, in any manner whatsoever, for any loss arising out of or relating to any technical failure or issues in Platform and/or acts or omissions not attributable to it and/or due to the reasons beyond its control like corruption of data or delay or failure to perform as a result of force majeure, including any loss of data, technical or otherwise, information, or particulars supplied by the Customer.
VIII.
Privacy
: Please read Our Privacy Policy to understand Our practices which governs Your use of the Platform and Freecharge services. Any information (including Your personal information and/or sensitive personal data or information) provided by You on the Platform will be collected, stored, processed, transferred, or shared by Us in accordance with Our Privacy Policy. These Terms are deemed to incorporate the Privacy Policy posted on Freecharge’s website domain: www.freecharge.com.
IX.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
: These Pay Later Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. You agree that any legal action or proceedings arising out of these Pay Later Terms may be brought exclusively in the competent courts/tribunals having jurisdiction in New Delhi in India and irrevocably submit themselves to the jurisdiction of such courts / tribunals.
X.
Assignment
: These Pay Later Terms, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred, or assigned by You. We may assign, in whole or in part, the benefits or obligations of these Pay Later Terms. We will provide an intimation of such assignment to You, which will be binding on the parties to these Pay Later Terms.
XI.
Force Majeure
: We will not be liable for failure to perform under these Pay Later Terms as a result of any event of force majeure including but not limited to acts of god, fire, wars, pandemic, sabotage, civil unrest, labour unrest, action of statutory authorities or local or state, central governments, change in laws, rules, and regulations, affecting Our and/or the Bank’s performance.
XII.
Waiver
: Unless otherwise expressly stated in these Pay Later Terms, the failure to exercise or delay in exercising a right or remedy under these Terms will not constitute a waiver of the right or remedy or a waiver of any other rights or remedies, and no single or partial exercise of any right or remedy under these Pay Later Terms will prevent any further exercise of the right or remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy.
XIII.
Survival of Provisions
: These Pay Later Terms by their nature and content are intended to survive the performance hereof by any or all parties hereto and will so survive the completion and termination of these Pay Later Terms.
XIV.
Severability
: If one or more provisions of these Pay Later Terms are held to be unenforceable under applicable law(s), the remainder of these Pay Later Terms will be valid and enforceable.
XV.
Waiver
: If You breach these Pay Later Terms and Freecharge takes no action, We will still be entitled to use Our rights and remedies in any other situation where You breach these Pay Later Terms.
XVI.
Grievance Officer
: In the event You have any queries/complaints regarding usage of Platform, please contact grievanceofficer@freecharge.com. The complaints will be redressed in the manner provided under the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules framed thereunder and Our grievance redressal policy.
XVII.
Notices
: All notices, requests, demands, waivers, and other communications required or permitted to be given under these Terms and Conditions will be in writing and to be sent to the following addresses:
For Freecharge:
Postal Address: 11th Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Greens,
DLF Cyber City, DLF Phase-3,
Gurugram, Haryana - 122002
Email: care@freecharge.in
For you:
To the name and email address provided at the time of registration.
Or, in each case, at such other address as may be specified in writing to the other parties in accordance with the requirements of this clause. All such notices, requests, demands, waivers and other communications will be deemed duly given
a.  if by personal delivery, on the day after such delivery,
b.  if by certified or registered mail, on the second day after the mailing thereof,
c.  if by courier service or similar service, on the day delivered, or
d.  if emailed, on the day following the day on which such email was sent, provided that a copy is also sent by registered mail.
Terms of Use for Freecharge Checkout Services
Last Updated on 22nd April, 2021
These Terms of Use apply to You if You use Freecharge’s Checkout Services as described hereinafter.
By using payment processing and checkout services (“
Checkout Services
”) provided by Freecharge Payment Technologies Private Limited (“Freecharge,” “We,” “Our,” or “Us”), You agree to be bound by the Terms of Use for Freecharge (“
Terms of Use
”), these additional terms and conditions for use of Freecharge Checkout Services (“
Checkout Terms
”) and all other terms, policies, and guidelines applicable to the Checkout Services (as defined in the Terms of Use) used. Defined terms will have the same meaning as those found in these Terms of Use, unless otherwise re-defined herein.
Our Relationship with You:
Through Our Checkout Services, We facilitate You in making payments to merchants/sellers registered with
                            Freecharge (“
Merchants
”), with respect to goods and services You purchase from
                            such Merchants, or to Freecharge’s registered billers (“
Billers
”) with respect
                            to any dues or prepaid services, using Your debit card, credit card, internet banking, UPI (If
                            You register for UPI services, You agree and accept to be bound by the
Terms of Use of
                            Freecharge UPI
) and any other acceptable modes of payment mechanism provided by Us. You
                            understand that these transactions conducted are between the Merchants/Billers and You and that
                            Freecharge only acts as an intermediary for these transactions. As an intermediary, We
                            facilitate the collection of payments from You and onward settlement of such payments to the
                            respective Merchant/Biller. We are not involved in the clearing or payment of the transaction.
                            In order to serve in this role, We have entered into agreements with various nodal banks,
                            payment system providers, as defined under the Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007, card
                            associations, payment service providers and other payment and technology service providers
                            (collectively “
Payment Processors
”), to enable use of internet payment gateways
                            developed by/for them in order for them to effect payments between You and the Merchants/Billers
                            and provide clearing, payment and settlement services with respect to Your transaction. It is to
                            be clarified that the payment instructions are authenticated, authorized, and processed by the
                            card associations and Your issuing bank through the payment system provider’s payment gateway
                            and We do not have any role in the same. You understand and acknowledge that Our role is limited
                            to facilitating Your payment instructions and providing other values added services.
As a
                            part of the Checkout Service offering, We also facilitate distribution and marketing of prepaid
                            payment instruments by the name of Freecharge wallet and Freecharge gift instrument
                            (“
Freecharge Balance
”). Freecharge Balance is issued by Axis Bank Limited
                            (“
Partner Bank
”) and marketed and distributed by Freecharge on the Platform.
                            Freecharge Balance may only be used to make payments for goods and services purchased from
                            Merchants/Billers or for such other purposes as may be permitted by Freecharge or the Partner
                            Bank from time to time. If You register for and/or are issued Freecharge Balance, You agree and
                            accept to be bound by the
Terms and Conditions for Freecharge Balance account
issued by Axis
                            Bank Limited.
Rights You Grant to Us:
By submitting Your information or data
                                    (including any financial information or data), passwords, usernames, other log-in
                                    information, materials, and other content (“
User Information
”) to Us,
                                    You are granting Us the right to use such User Information for the purpose of providing
                                    the Checkout Services. We may use and store such User Information in accordance with
                                    these Checkout Terms, the Terms of Use and Our Privacy Policy, without any obligation to
                                    pay You any fee or charges and without being subject to any restrictions or limitations.
                                    By using the Checkout Services, You expressly authorize Freecharge to access Your User
                                    Information and submit it to Payment Processors and such other third Parties as may be
                                    required for processing Your payment request.
Your Obligations Towards Payment System Providers and Card
                                    Associations:
As You will be using the services of Payment Processors including
                                    payment system providers and card associations to process Your payment instructions, You
                                    consent and agree to comply with the rules, guidelines, directions, instructions,
                                    requests, etc. (“
Guidelines
”) made by the Payment Processors from time
                                    to time. Notwithstanding Our assistance in understanding such Guidelines, You expressly
                                    acknowledge and agree that You are assuming the risk of compliance with all applicable
                                    Guidelines. You further acknowledge that the Payment Processors and Your issuing Bank
                                    may also place limitations and restrictions with respect to Your accounts (card,
                                    banking, or  others), at their sole discretion. You are responsible for keeping Yourself
                                    up-to-date with all such Guidelines and ensure compliance. In addition, You understand
                                    and acknowledge that Payment Processors have the right to reject payments made by You
                                    for any reason whatsoever. If You fail to comply with Your obligations towards the
                                    Payment Processors, We may suspend or terminate Your Freecharge Account.
Rejection of Authentication and Authorization:
You understand that the Payment Processors and/or the
                                        issuer (for the card or bank account or other payment instrument as the case may be)
                                        may reject authentication and/or authorization of transaction initiated by You for
                                        any reason including but not limited to insufficient funds, incorrect authentication
                                        details provided, expired card/bank account, risk management, suspicion of
                                        fraudulent, illegal or doubtful transactions, sale/purchase of banned items, use of
                                        compromised cards or bank account numbers, use of banned/blacklisted cards or bank
                                        account numbers, use of suspicious API or in accordance with the Guidelines or
                                        rules, guidelines, regulations, etc. issued by the Reserve Bank of India
                                        (“
RBI
”) and/or any other laws, rules, regulations, guidelines in
                                        force in India.
You further acknowledge that as a security measure We and/or the Payment
                                            Processors may at Our respective sole discretion, permanently or temporarily,
                                            block any card number, account numbers, group of cards or transactions from any
                                            specific blocked or blacklisted cards /, accounts, specific, group of IP
                                            addresses, devices, geographic locations and / or take any such risk mitigation
                                            measures as We may believe necessary for security of Our Users and
                                            business.
As a risk management tool, We and/or the Payment Processors reserve the right to limit or restrict transaction size, amount and/or monthly volume at any time. We consider a variety of factors in making such a decision and such determination will be at Our sole discretion.
Transaction Confirmation and Account History
When Your payment instructions are successfully
                                        processed with respect to a transaction, We will update Your Freecharge Account
                                        activity and provide You with a transaction confirmation. This confirmation will
                                        serve as receipt of the transaction. You understand and acknowledge that We will
                                        only release the transaction confirmation upon receiving confirmation (Your bank
                                        account or debit or credit card or Freecharge Balance being debited or charged) from
                                        the Payment Processors ("
Transaction Confirmation
"). We will not be
                                        responsible for any transactions that have not been confirmed to Us by the Payment
                                        System Providers.
The summary of Your transaction history is available on Your Freecharge Account dashboard. Except as required by law, You are solely responsible for:
i. compiling and retaining permanent records of all transactions and other data; and
ii. reconciling all transaction information that is associated with Your Freecharge Account. If You believe that there is an error or unauthorized Transaction activity that is associated with Your Freecharge Account, You agree to contact Us at
care@freecharge.in
immediately not later than 5 (five) days.
Risk Monitoring; Unusual or Suspicious Transactions:
In an effort to
                                manage Our risk, We may monitor Your transactions and processing activity for high-risk
                                practices or for fraudulent transactions. We may also engage third-party service providers
                                to assist in these efforts and other elements of the service. If We believe there is
                                suspicious or unusual activity, We may temporarily or permanently suspend Your access to the
                                Platform and/or Services including the Checkout Service. Suspicious or unusual activity
                                includes but is not limited to changes in Your average transaction amount or processing
                                pattern or use of different payment accounts.
Security Procedures:
Unauthorized access to Your financial information: To help
                                    prevent unauthorized access to Your personal financial information, You agree to:
i.
                                    maintain the security of Your account by not sharing Your password with others and
                                    restricting access to Your account on Your computer or mobile or other device;
ii. ensure that You logout from Your Freecharge Account each and every time You use
                                    it;
iii. ensure that You have a lock such as a pattern lock, password protection,
                                    etc. on Your device and not leave Your computer or mobile or other device unattended or
                                    unlocked; and
iv. take responsibility for all activities that occur under Your
                                    Freecharge Account and accept all risks of unauthorized access. If You believe Your
                                    password or devices has been lost or stolen, or if You suspect any fraudulent activity,
                                    please report this to Us immediately at
care@freecharge.com
.
You are solely responsible for any unauthorized access to Your personal or financial
                                    information that result from Your failure to properly follow the security procedure
                                    detailed in these Checkout Terms. Freecharge will not be liable for any loss, damage or
                                    other liability arising from Your failure to comply with these Checkout Terms herein or
                                    from any unauthorized access to or use of Your Freecharge Account. We will also have no
                                    liability and You agree to assume all risk of loss that arises out of or relates to any
                                    loss or theft of Your device or any information contained within any device.
Risks: The use of a device such as mobiles, tablets and laptops involves risk as
                                    also does the usage of internet. For example, sensitive personal information or
                                    financial data that is transmitted from or to a device or internet may be intercepted
                                    and used by third parties without Your knowledge. Viruses, spyware and other “malicious
                                    code” can also be downloaded to Your devices without Your knowledge. By using a device
                                    and internet to access the sites, You assume all of those risks and agree that We will
                                    have no liability whatsoever to You for any loss or theft (including identity theft)
                                    occurring as a result of such risks.
PCI DSS and ISO 27001:2013 Certification: We provide Payment Card Industry (PCI)
                                    Data Security Standard (DSS) and ISO 27001:2013 certified services. We have implemented
                                    technical and organizational measures designed to secure Your personal information from
                                    accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or disclosure. However,
                                    We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those
                                    measures or use Your personal information for improper purposes. You acknowledge that
                                    You provide Your personal information at Your own risk.
Encryption: Data transferred via the sites is encrypted in an effort to provide
                                    transmission security. Notwithstanding Our efforts to ensure that the sites are secure,
                                    You acknowledge that mobile transmissions and the Internet are inherently insecure and
                                    that all data transfers, occur openly and potentially can be monitored and read by
                                    others. We cannot and do not warrant that all data transfers utilizing Our sites will
                                    not be monitored or read by others.
Additional Security Procedures: We may from time to time use reasonable additional
                                    or alternative procedures to ensure the security and confidentiality of Your payment
                                    transactions through Our sites. At all times You agree to comply with all security
                                    procedures We may impose in connection with Your use of the Platform. You agree that all
                                    security procedures We use are commercially reasonable, and to the extent allowed by
                                    law, You assume all risk of loss for unauthorized transactions where We have followed
                                    Our then-current security procedures
Duty of Reasonable Care: We will exercise good faith
                                        and reasonable care in processing Your transactions in accordance with these
                                        Checkout Terms. You will similarly exercise good faith and reasonable care in:
i.using the Platform;
ii. observing and maintaining security procedures;
iii. communicating with Us; and
iv. in reviewing Your transaction records for any errors or discrepancies
Dropped calls, lost signals: If the internet connection to Your device is interrupted
                                  or disconnected at any time before signing off, You must confirm that Your payment
                                  requests have been received by Us. We are not responsible for disconnections or
                                  interruptions in service or for failing to complete any payment request that We have not
                                  received as a result of any disconnection or interruption of the internet connection on
                                  Your device.
Compatibility: The protocol that We use may be different from that used by Your device or internet carrier. We make no representations or warranties that Your device or any carrier will be compatible with Our system requirements or otherwise allow You to make payment requests using the Platform.
Disclaimer Regarding Sellers/Merchant, Their Products and Related Third Parties
All obligations with respect to the delivery of goods and services
                            and/or acknowledgement of payment will be solely that of the Merchant/Biller and not of
                            Freecharge. Notwithstanding the dispute resolution assistance provided by Freecharge, all
                            disputes regarding quality, merchantability, non-delivery, and delay in delivery or otherwise
                            will be directly between You and the Merchant/Biller without making Us and/or the Payment System
                            Providers, a party to such disputes.
We make no representations or guarantees regarding Merchants/Billers utilizing Our
                                services. Use of Our services in no way represents any endorsement by Us of a
                                Merchants/Billers existence, legitimacy/legality, ability, policies, practices, beliefs as
                                well as the Merchants/Billers goods and services or reliability. The Merchant alone will be
                                responsible to You and We will not have any responsibility or liability towards You in this
                                respect.
The relationship between Us and the Merchants/Billers is on principal-to-principal
                                basis. We have no connection or interest of whatsoever nature in the business of the
                                Merchants/Billers or the goods/services offered / marketed by the Merchant/Biller. We do not
                                in any manner take part in their business, directly or indirectly and are nowhere concerned
                                or connected to the revenue of the Merchants/Billers. We will only provide payment
                                aggregator services to the Merchant/Buyer in Our capacity as an intermediary. For the use of
                                Our services, the seller/Merchant pays Us Fees as posted on Our website and We nowhere
                                connected or concerned about the revenues of the Seller/Merchant or the Payment System
                                Providers.
Further it is not Our responsibility to monitor in any manner the use of the payment mechanisms by You for purchasing goods and services from the Merchant or aiming Your bill payment to the Billers. You are using the payment mechanisms at Your sole option and risks.
Terms and Conditions for Health Monitor
The Financial Strength (FIST) Score analysis is based on certain assumptions around user
                                input data and does not take into account individual needs/circumstances. It's for
                                reference only and is not a substitute for professional advice. Freecharge shall not be
                                liable for any errors or omissions in or any reliance placed upon the analysis or for
                                consequences of any action taken as a result of the analysis.
Terms and Conditions for CIBIL check
CIBIL Check service is an online service that enables you to access your credit information as supplied by
                                our credit bureaus. The service consist of receipt of your credit information.
General Terms and Conditions for Credit Score service:
DEFINITIONS
Credit Information
shall mean collectively the Credit Information Report, Credit Score
                                and Credit Data Analysis Deliverables
Credit Information
Report shall mean the credit information
                                    reports which shall be
                                    generated by the Credit Bureaus including, but not limited to, credit history, credit
                                    behaviour of the consumer or any other information provided in such report which is
                                    construed as credit information
Credit Score
shall mean the score which shall be set out in the credit information report obtained from Credit Bureaus
Credit Data Analysis Deliverables
shall mean the Credit Score, inferences, rule sets in relation to the Credit Information of the Individual Consumer computed by the Credit Bureaus by using their tools, algorithms and devices including, but not limited to, the credit history, the credit behaviour of the Individual Consumer and any other information provided in such Credit Information Report
User
shall mean the person/requester/individual who has requested for availing the Credit Score Service
AUTHORIZATION
You hereby acknowledge and agree that by clicking on Proceed or Submit option and by providing your personal details on Freecharge you have requested for availing the Service and have provided your unconditional and unequivocal consent for sharing your details with the Credit Bureaus and obtaining your Credit Information from the Credit Bureaus for End User Permitted Purpose, as more particularly captured in these Credit Information. You agree and hereby give your specific consent for the Authorisation and the consent provided by you under these Credit Information to be shared by Freecharge with the Credit Bureaus or its business partners/ affiliates as it may deem fit in its sole discretion for End Use Permitted Purpose.
The above terms shall, at all times, be read in conjunction with the Privacy Policy and general terms and conditions of Freecharge on “www.freecharge.in”
Specific Terms and Conditions for fetching credit information from TransUnion CIBIL
USER CONSENT FOR DELIVERY OF PRODUCT
To,
TransUnion CIBIL Limited
[Formerly known as Credit Information Bureau (India) Limited]
19th Floor, One World Centre Tower-2A-2B,
841 Senapati Bapat Marg,
Lower Parel,
Mumbai 400 013
Sub:   Grant of Consent
Dear Sirs,
In connection with submission of the application for my credit information (“Consumer Credit Information”) and other related credit products (Credit Products) offered by CIBIL through [Freecharge Payment Technologies Pvt Ltd] (referred to as the “FPTPL”) and delivery of the Consumer Credit Information and Credit Products to the FPTPL, I hereby acknowledge and agree to the following:
The FPTPL is my lawfully appointed agent and he / it has agreed to be my agent for the purposes, including, without limitation, to receive the Consumer Credit Information and Credit Products from TUCL on my behalf and use it and the FPTPL has granted its consent for being appointed for the aforesaid purpose.
I grant my unconditional consent to the FPTPL to receive the Consumer Credit Information and Credit Products from TUCL on my behalf and the FPTPL has granted its consent for being appointed for the aforesaid purpose. I hereby represent and acknowledge that the Terms of Understanding in relation to the use of the Consumer Credit Information and Credit Products has been agreed between me and the Company.
I hereby expressly grant unconditional consent to, and direct, TUCL to deliver my Consumer Credit Information and Credit Products to the FPTPL on my behalf.
I agree that my consent shall be stored by the FPTPL on a permanent basis and shall be verifiable from time to time. I understand that the FPTPL cannot access the Consumer Credit Information for more than 6 months on a single Consumer Consent and the same shall be required to be refreshed every six (6) months. FPTPL can store the Consumer Credit Information only for (i) a limited time period of six months or (ii) till such time the credit information is required to be retained to satisfy the purpose for which it was provided or (iii) until I withdraw my consent to store such Consumer Credit Information, whichever is earlier and thereafter, the stored Consumer Credit Information shall be deleted, purged, expunged by the FPTPL.
I shall not hold TUCL  responsible or liable for any loss, claim, liability, or damage of any kind resulting from, arising out of, or in any way related to: (a) delivery of my Consumer Credit Information and Credit Products to the FPTPL ; (b) any use, modification or disclosure by the FPTPL  of the contents, in whole or in part, of my Consumer Credit Information or Credit Products , whether authorized or not; (c) any breach of confidentiality or privacy in relation to delivery of my Consumer Credit Information  to the FPTPL.
I acknowledge and accept that TUCL has not made any promises or representations to me in order to induce me to provide my Consumer Credit Information or seek any consent or authorization in this regard.
I agree that I may be required to record my consent / provide  consent  electronically and in all such cases I understand that by clicking on the "I Accept" button below, I am providing "written  consent " to FPTPL authorizing FPTPL to obtain my Consumer Credit Information from my personal credit profile from TransUnion CIBIL LIMITED]. I further authorize FPTPL to obtain such information solely to confirm my identity and display my Consumer Credit Information to me.  Further in all such cases “By checking this box and clicking on the ‘Authorize button,  I agree to the terms and conditions, acknowledge receipt of TUCL privacy policy and agree to its terms, and confirm my  authorization for FPTPL  to obtain my Consumer Credit Information and Credit Products.
I understand that in order to deliver the product to me, I hereby authorize FPTPL, to obtain my Consumer Credit Information and Credit Products from TUCL.
By submitting this registration form, I understand that I am providing express written consent for FPTPL to request and receive information about me from third parties, including but not limited to a copy of my consumer credit report and score from consumer reporting agencies, at any time for so long as I have an active FPTPL account. I further authorize FPTPL to retain a copy of my information for use in accordance with FPTPL’S Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
I UNDERSTAND THAT THE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND TUCL EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
I shall not sue or otherwise make or present any demand or claim, and I irrevocably, unconditionally and entirely release, waive and forever discharge TUCL , its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees, affiliates, successors and assigns, jointly and individually (hereinafter “Releasee”), from any and all manner of liabilities, claims, demands, losses, claims, suits, costs and expenses (including court costs and reasonable attorney fees) (“Losses”), whatsoever, in law or equity, whether known or unknown, which I ever had, now have, or in the future may have against the Releasee with respect to the submission of my Consumer Credit Information or Credit Products  and / or my decision to provide TUCL with the authority to deliver my Consumer Credit Information  and Credit Products to the FPTPL . I agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Releasee from and against any and all Losses resulting from claims made against TUCL L by third parties arising from and in connection with this letter.
I agree that the terms of this confirmation letter shall be governed by the laws of India and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in Mumbai in regard to any dispute arising hereof. TUCL is entitled to assign its rights hereunder to any third person without taking my prior written consent.
Yours faithfully,
Signature:
Name:
Address:
CC: [Freecharge Payment Technologies Pvt Ltd]
2nd Floor, Plot No. 25
Pusa Road, New Delhi
West Delhi, DL
110005 IN.
Terms and Conditions for Experian check
This End User Agreement (the “
Agreement
”) is made between you (the “
User
” or “
You
”) and 
                                FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD, a private limited company having its registered 
                                office at  2nd Floor, Plot No. 25, Pusa Road, New Delhi-110005 (“
CLIENT
”, “
Us
” or “
We
”, 
                                which term shall include its successors and permitted assigns). The User and FREECHARGE 
                                PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD shall be collectively referred to as the “
Parties
” and individually 
                                as a “
Party
”.
You hereby consent to Freecharge being appointed as your authorized representative to receive your Credit Information from Experian for the purpose of 
                                evaluating credit history and display pre-approved credit offers (“End Use Purpose”), on month on month basis for a period, not more than six (6) months
BY EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT / CONSENT FORM, YOU ARE EXPRESSLY AGREEING TO ACCESS THE EXPERIAN CREDIT INFORMATION REPORT 
                                AND CREDIT SCORE, AGGREGATE SCORES, INFERENCES, REFERENCES AND DETAILS (AS DEFINED BELOW)(TOGETHER REFERRED AS 
                                “CREDIT INFORMATION”).YOU HEREBY ALSO CONSENT TO SUCH CREDIT INFORMATION BEING PROVIDED BY EXPERIAN TO YOU AND 
                                FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD  BY USING EXPERIAN TOOLS, ALGORITHMS AND DEVICES AND YOU HEREBY AGREE, 
                                ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN.
Terms and Conditions:
Information Collection, Use, Confidentiality, No-Disclosure and Data Purging
FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD shall access your Credit Information as your authorized representative and 
                                FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD shall use the Credit Information for limited End Use Purpose consisting of 
                                and in relation to the services proposed to be availed by you from FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD. 
                                We shall not aggregate, retain, store, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, sell or rent the 
                                Credit Information to any other person and the same cannot be copied or reproduced other than as agreed herein 
                                and in furtherance to CICRA.
The Parties agree to protect and keep confidential the Credit Information both online and offline.
The Credit Information shared by you or received on by us on your behalf shall be destroyed, purged, erased 
                                promptly of upon the completion of the transaction/ End Use Purpose for which the Credit Information report 
                                was procured for up to a maximum of 6 months.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The relationship between you and FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD shall be governed by laws of India 
                                and all claims or disputes arising there from shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Mumbai.
Definitions:
Capitalized terms used herein but not defined above shall have the following meanings:
“
Business Day
” means a day (other than a public holiday) on which banks are open for general business in Mumbai.
“
Credit Information Report
” means the credit information / scores/ aggregates / variables / inferences or reports which shall be generated by Experian;
“
Credit Score
” means the score which shall be mentioned on the Credit Information Report which shall be computed by Experian.
“
CICRA
” shall mean the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005 read with the Credit Information Companies Rules, 2006 and the Credit Information 
                                Companies Regulations, 2006, and shall include any other rules and regulations prescribed thereunder.
PLEASE READ THE ABOVE MENTIONED TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND CLICK ON “ACCEPT” FOLLOWED BY THE LINK BELOW TO COMPLETE THE 
                                AUTHORISATION PROCESS/  FOR SHARING OF YOUR CREDIT INFORMATION BY EXPERIAN WITH FREECHARGE PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD 
                                IN ITS CAPACITY AS YOUR AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE.
BY CLICKING “ACCEPT” YOU AGREE AND ACCEPT THE DISCLAIMERS AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET OUT HEREIN.
** This document is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and Rules made thereunder, and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records.
Terms and Conditions for Axis Bank Freecharge Plus Credit Card
I hereby expressly consent to and authorize the Bank (whether acting by itself or through any of its service providers, and whether in automated manner or otherwise), to collect, store and process my application details, personal data and sensitive information about me, information, papers and data relating to know your customer (KYC), credit information, and any other information about me/pertaining to me or not as may be deemed relevant by the Bank (collectively, “Information”).
I have read and hereby fully accept the
Card Member Agreement
,
Credit Card Authorization Statement
and
Most Important Terms and conditions
of Axis Bank ("Bank"). I expressly consent Bank to share and disclose the Information to Freecharge Payments Technologies Pvt Ltd, service providers, consultants, credit information companies, information utilities, other banks and financial institutions, affiliates, group companies, subsidiaries, regulators, investigating agencies, judicial, quasi-judicial and statutory authorities, or to other persons/institutions/entities as may be necessary in connection with the contractual or legal requirements or in the legitimate interests of the Bank or as per the consent, undertake to process information including by way of storing, structuring, organizing, reproducing, copying, using, profiling, etc. as may be deemed fit by the Bank and for the purposes of credit appraisal, fraud detection, anti-money laundering obligations, for entering into contract, for direct marketing, for cross selling, for developing credit scoring models and business strategies, for monitoring, for evaluating and improving the quality of services and products, or for any purposes as the Bank may deem fit. I expressly agree to the Bank, its service providers, agents and/or its affiliates and Freecharge Payments Technologies Pvt Ltd, for using the Information and for marketing, promotion and cross-selling to me their various products and services of the Bank from time to time via telephone, SMS and/or email.
I expressly consent to and authorise Axis Bank to provide an overlimit transaction facility on my card as per Axis Bank internal policies and other terms and conditions.
I hereby give my consent to Axis Bank to increase my credit limit once within 6 months of card issuance.
I am interested in the Card Protection Plan (CPP) & hereby provide consent to Axis Bank and/or CPP Assistance Service Pvt. Ltd. and/or their representatives to contact me for the same.
I have read the above terms and conditions and accept the same and I am not a senior officer or relative of a director/senior officer of Axis Bank and I am not a director(trustee) or relative of a director(trustee) of any other bank/subsidiary of any bank (mutual funds/venture capital funds set up by banks).