Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Product
Dormi–Baby Monitor (Android app)
This privacy policy explains in detail what information Sleekbit, LLC (“we”, “us” or
        “our”) collects and how we use your personal information when you use the Product. We may update this policy at any
        time; please check back frequently to stay current. Your continued use of the Product indicates that you have read
        this Privacy Policy and that you accept its terms. You also give your express permission for us to collect, store,
        and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. At all times, your use of the Product is governed
        by our Terms of Service, available
here
.
1. In brief
Given the nature of our product, the importance of your privacy is paramount. To that
        end, our application:
end-to-end encrypts your audio and video streams,
uses an encrypted channel to set up and maintain your monitoring session,
collects as little personally identifiable information as possible, given the functionality
            required. See (3) below.
A detailed description of the protocols and algorithms in use is available
here
.
2. What is personal information and what is processing of personal information
Personal information (or data) is any information relating to you and that alone or in cumulation with other pieces
        of information gives the opportunity to the person that collects and processes such information to identify you as
        a person. It can be your name, your identification number, your location data, or information related to your physical,
        physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social life. Processing of the information means any action
        with your personal data, for example, collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, use, disclosure
        by any means and so on.
3. Personal information we collect
For our service to be functional (i.e. interconnecting multiple devices in a monitoring session over different types
        of network topologies), we temporarily (for the duration of a session) store the following information on our servers:
your IP address,
a hash of your randomly generated Group ID.
We also permanently store a unique identifier (UID) assigned to you by Google (on a per-app basis) to reward you with
        free monitoring time (recurring monthly). The purpose of this free allowance is to let anyone evaluate the app without
        having to make a payment, and/or continue using it for a prolonged time period, if usage was minimal.
If you are using our services from the EEA, where GDPR applies, the processing of this UID happens only after we obtain
        your explicit consent to doing so.
Alternatively, you may purchase any of the unlimited monitoring items offered under the Billing tab of Rewards & Billing.
Please note that we are doing our best to secure this data from any third party.
4. Who we share your personal information with
We do not share your personal information with any third party.
5. Changes to this notice
Our activities may evolve over time and we may update this privacy policy accordingly. For significant changes to
        this policy we will try to give you reasonable notice unless we are prevented from doing so. Where required by law
        we will seek your consent to changes in the way we use your personal information.
6. Contacting us
In the event of any query or complaint in connection with the information we hold about you, please email us
        at:
privacy@sleekbit.com
05/25/2018