Super Note - Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Super Note
Home
Privacy Policy
Super Note
Home
Privacy Policy
More
Home
Privacy Policy
Super Note
(Privacy Policy)
Last updated: September
09
th, 202
1
Privacy policyThis privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how Eco Mobile VN (“Eco Mobile VN”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collects, protects and uses the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you (“User”, “you” or “your”) may provide in the
Notepad - Notepad reminder app & Notebook, notes application and any of its products (collectively, “Mobile Application”). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, websites, products that we do not control or own, or any third-party features made available via the Application.
Permission We Use:
uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET to access to the internet to improve user experience and access main function of the app
uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE to access to the wifi to improve user experience and access main function of the app
uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE to listen for your device's network changes, to ensure your in-app experience is not stuttering
uses-permission android:name="android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED used to be able to make sure the app can work properly even if you restart your device
uses-permission android:name="com.android.launcher.permission.INSTALL_SHORTCUT is access so you can use the shortcut feature to create notes or checklists on the top of the device's home screen
uses-permission android:name="com.android.launcher.permission.UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT is access so you can use the shortcut feature to create notes or checklists on the top of the device's home screen
uses-permission android:name="com.android.vending.BILLING Is the right for you to make in-app purchases with in-app packages such as Vip, Vip monthly, No ads,...
Drive Scope permission: Super Note needs to ask for a drive scope to sync database files on many different devices using the same google drive account or login with the same email. We are committed to using only the Drive Scope permission so that users can use the Sync database file feature on many different machines using the same Google drive account or the same email, and will not use the Drive permission. Scope for any other purpose, absolutely do not get user data for any other 3rd purpose.
Scope:
Sign in to your Google Drive account: We require you to sign in to your Google Drive account so you can sync your notes or checklists to your own Drive account. From there you can use it on many different devices with the same Drive account to download your note data to different devices. We promise not to take any of your data including your email address and your notes. This login is for the sole purpose of making it possible for you to use it on many different devices, making taking notes easier and more convenient for you. We also promise not to use this login for other purposes.
Show User Profile: We access the profile to display your name on the Notepad application, help you identify the account you are using and from there you can log in to this account on another device to download your notes. Apart from using it to display on the app in your own device, we do not collect any user information, undertake not to provide it or use it for other purposes any third destination.
Show gmail address: We access to show your gmail address so you can identify exactly which account you are using so you can retrieve your notes by logging into your account this and sync down or onto Google Drive log in and search for the note file on it. The display of your email address is only for the purpose of helping you have a better experience when using the sync feature of the Notepad application, and has no other purpose. We commit not to collect or use the display of this mail for any purpose other than to serve the synchronization feature in the application.
This permission allow us to reset you device’s
We may collect and store the following information when running the ColorNote Service:Information You Provide. When you register for an account, we collect some Personal Information, such as your name and email address. You may also ask us to import your contacts by giving us access to your third party services (for example, your email account) or to use your social networking information if you give us access to your account on social network connection services.
Processing Personal Information
ECO MOBILE will only collect such Personal Information that is relevant for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Personal Information may be processed for the purposes of maintaining, customizing and developing the Applications, improve Users experience and marketing information to Users, conducting research, creating reports, offering competitions receive feedback from user. ECO MOBILE commit to adhere to the provisions of the Finnish Personal Data Act and other applicable laws and regulations pertaining to processing of Personal Information, as well as to process Personal Information in compliance with good processing practices. All personnel processing Personal Information are obliged to keep such information strictly confidential.
Protection of Information
The registers will be maintained in external service providers’ servers with appropriate safeguards, such as password protection, granting the access to the stored information only to persons working at ECO MOBILE or ECO MOBILE partners who are expressly authorized by ECO MOBILE. The register is protected by appropriate industry standard, technical and organisatory safety measures. Although We make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, We cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. ECO MOBILE will post a notice on our Fanpage in case material security breach that endangers your privacy or Personal Information. ECO STUDIO may also temporarily shut down an application to protect Personal Information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
ECO STUDIO may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes here to will be made available on this fanpage, which is why ECO MOBILE encourages Users to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Changes hereto will not prejudice Users’ rights without their consent.
Contact Information
The User may at any time contact ECO MOBILE at the address here below.
CONTACT US – ECO MOBILE:
Address: Ha Noi City, VietnamEmail: supernote@ecomobile.vn
Notepad - Sticky notes & Notebook, Notes
Email Support
:
Supernote@ecomobile.vn
Download on CH Play:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eco.note
Developers:
Eco Mobile VN
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Report abuse