Rareprob privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Last Update: May 8, 2022
ASD Dev Video Player for All Format (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates websites, games, mobile applications and other products (“Games”) (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Service
Service means games, mobile applications, other products (“Games”), and websites operated by ASD Dev Video Player for All Format
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information collection and use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Sensitive Personal data and information We do not collect
We do not ask or collect any sensitive personal data or information such as password related to other services, financial information such as bank account or credit card
or debit card or other payment instrument details, physical, physiological and mental health conditions,sexual orintations, medical report and history or biometric information.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies.
Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Sensitive Personal Data and Information We Do Not Collect
We do not ask or collect any Sensitive Personal Data or information such as passwords related to other services, financial information such as bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument details, physical, physiological, and mental health conditions, sexual orientation, medical records, and history, or biometric information.
Use of data
ASD Dev Video Player for All Format uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Legal basis for processing personel data under the
GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), ASD Dev Video Player for All Format legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
ASD Dev Video Player for All Format may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do sol
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Third party tools:
Our Platform makes advantage of third party tools from YouTube. The YouTube API has been incorporated into our software to provide you smooth access to the platform's services. It's important to mention that if you use any of our services, third party may be notified about which parts of our Platform you have operated.
Platform is being improved with the support of third-party partners. Under GDPR legislation, the use of these services is a legitimate interest as defined by Art. 6(1)(f) DSGVO.
DMCA Copyright policy:
All Content available on the Platform is licenced from third-party services such as YouTube. All copyrights are owned by their respective owners and are used with permission. The Platform only provides outbound links to these Third-Party Services and has no direct control over their content. In compliance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the Company has adopted the following general stance toward copyright infringement.
Youtube Content: third party content available through the use of Google’s API (such as text, images, videos, audio, or software) hosted by Youtube.
Third party Service providers:
As we've integrated
YouTube API Services
into our app so being a third -party service provider. We may share your information with YouTube that execute services on our behalf, including seamless music videos access
For more information about
YouTube's Terms of Services
. By using all these services, you are agreeing to be bound by
Google's Privacy Policy
.
Retention of data
ASD Dev Video Player for All Format will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
ASD Dev Video Player for All Format will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
you are located outside France and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to France and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
ASD Dev Video Player for All Format will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of data
Business Transaction
If ASD Dev Video Player for All Format is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, ASD Dev Video Player for All Format may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
ASD Dev Video Player for All Format may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of ASD Dev Video Player for All Format
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
OUR POLICY ON “DO NOT TRACK” SIGNALS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA ONLINE PROTECTION ACT (CALOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your data protection rights under the GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. ASD Dev Video Player for All Format aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where ASD Dev Video Player for All Format relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
          
             These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Facebook Analytics
Facebook Analytics is provided by Facebook Inc.
We use Facebook Analytics for in-game data analytics to improve our games.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Firebase Analytics
We use the developer platform called “Google Firebase” as well as the associated functions and services of Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, (“Google”). Google Firebase is a platform for developing apps for mobile devices and websites. Google Firebase offers a variety of features, which are can be found on the following summary page: https://firebase.google.com/products/
The functions include the storage of apps, including users’ personal data, such as content they have created or information regarding their interaction with the apps. Google Firebase also offers interfaces that allow interaction between the users of the app and other services.
The analysis of user interactions is carried out using the analysis service of Firebase Analytics. This service helps us to record our users’ interactions. Events such as the first time an app is opened, the uninstalling of an app, updates, crashes or the frequency of use of the app are recorded. Certain user interests are also recorded and evaluated.
The information processed by Google Firebase may be used with other Google services, such as Google Analytics and Google marketing services. In this case, only pseudonymous information, such as the Android Advertising ID or the Advertising Identifier for iOS, will be processed to identify users’ mobile devices. Additional information on the use of data for marketing purposes by Google can be found on the summary page:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
, Google’s privacy policy is available at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
The legal basis for use is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter of GDPR. If users wish to object to interest-based advertising through Google marketing services, they can use the settings and opt-out options provided by Google:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences
.
GameAnalytics
GameAnalytics is provided by GameAnalytics.
We use GameAnalytics for in-game data analytics to improve our games.
For more information about GameAnalytics, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
Tenjin.io
Tenjin is provided by Tenjin, Inc.
We use Tenjin for performance attribution.
For more information on what type of information Tenjin collects, please visit:
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy/
Adjust
Adjust is provided by Adjust GmbH.
We use Adjust for performance attribution.
For more information on what type of information Adjust collects, please visit:
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
AppsFlyer
AppsFlyer is provided by AppFlyer
We use AppFlyer for performance attribution.
For more information on what type of information AppsFlyer collects, please visit:
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
Adincube
Adincube is provided by Purple Brain SAS.
Please visit
https://storage.googleapis.com/adincube-resources/doc/Privacy_policy.pdf
IronSource
IronSource is provided by IronSource Mobile Ltd.
You can opt-out from IronSource network by following the instructions as described by Ironsource on their Privacy Policy page:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
For more information about IronSource, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
MoPub
MoPub is provided by MobPub Inc.
You can opt-out from MobPub service by following the instructions on MoPub Opt-out page: http://www.mopub.com/optout/
For more information on what information MobPub collects and how it is used, please read MoPub Privacy Policy:
http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Facebook Audience Network
Facebook Audience Network is provided by Facebook Inc.
For more information about Facebook Audience Network, please visit their Privacy Policy:
AdMob
AdMob is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or app” page:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
AppLovin
AppLovin is provided by AppLovin Corporation.
If you’d like to opt-out from AppLovin service, please visit the AppLovin Opt-out page:
https://www.applovin.com/optout
If you’d like to learn more about AppLovin, please visit the Privacy Policy page of AppLovin:
HyprMx
HyprMx is provided by HyprMX Mobile LLC.
For more information about HyprMX, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://www.hyprmx.com/pp
PalmUp
PalmUp is provided by Palmup SAS .
For more information about PalmUp, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://docs.palmup.io/legal-section/privacy-policy
Pangle
Pungle is provided by Bytedance Pte.Ltd..
For more information about Pungle, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://ad.oceanengine.com/union/media/privacy
Fyber
Fyber is provided by Fyber N.V
For more information about Fyber, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://www.fyber.com/website-privacy-policy/
Vungle
Vungle is provided by Vungle Inc.
You can opt-out from Vungle service by following the instructions as described by Vungle on their Privacy Policy page:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
For more information about Vungle, please visit their Privacy Policy:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
Mintegral
Mintegral is provided by Mintegral International Ltd.
For more information about Mintegral, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Please find their official statement regarding SDK Allegations of August 2020:
https://www.mintegral.com/en/our-statement-regarding-recent-SDK-Allegations/
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is provided by Unity.
For more information about Unity Ads, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Ogury
Ogury is provided by Ogury Limited.
For more information about Ogury, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://www.ogury.com/privacy
/
Tapjoy
Tapjoy is provided by Tapjoy Inc.
You can opt-out from Tapjoy service by following the instructions as described by Tapjoy on their Privacy Policy page:
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/
For more information about Tapjoy, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://dev.tapjoy.com/faq/tapjoy-privacy-policy/
Chartboost
Chartboost is provided by Chartboost Inc.
For more information about Chartboost, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
AdColony
AdColony is provided by Jirbo Inc.
You can opt-out from AdColony service by visiting the AdColony Opt-out page:
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/opt-out/
You can also opt-out from AdColony through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information about AdColony, please visit their Privacy Policy:
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
InMobi
InMobi is provided by InMobi Pte Ltd.
You can opt-out from InMobi service by following the instructions as described on the InMobi Opt-out page:
http://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of InMobi, please visit the InMobi Privacy Policy:
http://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
<
StartApp
StartApp is provided by StartApp Inc.
You can opt-out from interest-based ads served by StartApp by following the instructions on their Privacy Policy, section “8. Your Choices and Controls”:
https://www.startapp.com/policy/privacy-policy/
For more information on what information StartApp collects and how it is used, please read their Privacy Policy:
https://www.startapp.com/policy/privacy-policy/
Smaato
Smaato is provided by Smaato, Inc.
For more information on what information Smaato collects and how it is used, please read their Privacy Policy:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Verizon
Verizon is provided by Verizon Communication Inc.
For more information on what information Verizon collects and how it is used, please read their Privacy Policy: https://www.verizon.com/about/privacy/
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Behavioral Remarketing
ASD Dev Video Player for All Format uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google Ads
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook Ads
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada
http://youradchoices.ca/
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Links to other sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@rocksplayer.com.
Rareprob solutions private limited Shop 3 Galli no 2, Omnagar Shahibabad. Ghaziabad 201007
asddev86@gmail.com
Follow Us:
©2019, All Rights Reserved