Emojidom
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application “Emojidom Emoji & Fun Smileys” (including any variations of this title) available for download on
Google Play Store
, on
Apple App Store
, on
Amazon Appstore
(“Application”) provided for mobile devices on iOS and Android and created by PlantPurple B.V. (“Company”).
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
All content inside the application including but not limited to typed messages, images exchanged, etc. remains private to the user and is not shared with the Application or any third parties.
Automatically Collected Information
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. This information helps the Company to identify any performance issues of the Application and improve the Application over time.
Starting with version 3.0 and above, the name of the account used on the device is logged for the purpose of automatic restoring of previously made purchases in the Application (in accordance with the standard authorization flow for all Google APIs and all components of Google Play services).
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to the analytics tools which help us evaluate the Application’s usage patterns and improve the Application over time. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or a similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted service providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if PlantPurple B.V. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application simply by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall process available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 12. The Application for iOS devices is rated as 12+ content rating; the Application for Android is rated as “low maturity” (definitions of each app platform apply). If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at hello@plantpurple.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for the information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted on this website with an updated timestamp in the bottom of this page. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as the continued use of the Application is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand-held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Netherlands or other locations authorized by the Company as part of its operations.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application or have questions about our practices, please contact us at
hello@plantpurple.com
.
Last update: 10 May 2013