隐私保护
隐私政策
一、如何收集和使用信息
在使用产品及服务过程中，我们需要/可能需要收集和使用的您的个人信息包括：
1、账户注册信息：
对于需要通过平台账户才能使用的服务，需要您提供姓名、电子邮箱、

电话号码、验证码、账号密码，用于创建平台账户。

在使用客户端应用过程中填入所需提供的上述信息，我们会根据您提供的信息校验您的身份，

确保是在为您提供服务。
2、非账户注册信息：
如果您选择提供昵称、头像等非注册账户必须的个人资料，我们将为您提供更加人性化的服务。您的昵称、头像仅作为个人资料的补充信息，不会公开显示。
3、用户反馈信息：
当您使用我们产品中的反馈和建议功能时，我们会收集您的电子邮件地址、手机号码和反馈内容，以便及时处理您的问题和设备故障。
4、移动设备信息：
在使用我们的服务过程中，为了识别账号异常状态，了解产品适配性，提供及时的预警消息推送和广告推送通知，我们可能会自动收集您个人信息，包括：
1）基本信息：
我们会根据您在软件安装及/或使用中的具体操作，接收并记录您所使用的设备相关信息（包括设备型号、操作系统版本、设备设置、唯一设备标识符、设备环境等软硬件特征信息）、设备所在位置相关信息（包括您授权的GPS位置以及WLAN接入点、蓝牙和基站等传感器信息）。
2）服务日志信息：
当您使用我们的网站或客户端提供的产品或服务时，我们会自动收集您对我们服务的业务数据，作为服务日志保存，包括浏览、点击查看、搜索查询、交易、分享信息，以及IP地址、浏览器类型、电信运营商、使用语言、访问日期和时间。
3）授权信息：
为了提供更多人性化的服务，我们在您启用客户端应用过程中使用的如下功能，可能会需要收集和使用您的个人信息。如果您不提供这些信息，将无法启用相关功能，但不影响账户的正常使用。
基于相机/摄像头的权限：
在启用客户端应用进行远端控制智能设备功能时，我们需要获取您在移动设备上相机/摄像头的使用权限，以便提供扫描二维码添加智能设备的功能。
基于相册（图片库/视频库）访问权限：
您可以开启相册的访问权限，以实现实时抓取智能设备的录像和图片等功能。我们会将抓取的录像文件和图片存储在移动设备上，以便您后续查看和使用。
基于麦克风的权限：
您可以开启麦克风使用权限实现语音功能，即与智能设备端进行单向语音或双向语音通话。
基于扬声器的权限：
您可以开启扬声器使用权限实现语音播放功能，以便监听智能设备端的声音。
基于系统存储的权限：
我们将在您安装和启用客户端应用时获取您的移动设备的系统存储空间和权限信息，以便保证正常运行应用程序和满足图片/录像资料的存储所需使用的空间。
基于位置信息的权限：
我们将在您安装和启用客户端应用时获取您的移动设备的位置权限，以便针对您的地理位置提供符合安全性的相关服务。
基于获取通知的权限：
您可以开启获取通知的权限来保证接收到智能设备端发出的报警通知消息。
5、智能设备信息：
为了实现通过客户端应用远端控制智能设备，我们将会收集智能设备的基本信息，包括设备名称，设备ID、设备密码、在线状态、网络接入信息、固件版本、升级信息，以便为您提供连线服务。

您理解并同意，上述功能可能需要您在您的移动设备中开启您的位置信息 （地理位置）、摄像头（相机）、相册（图片库）、麦克风（语音）、扬声器和系统存储空间信息访问权限，以实现这些权限所涉及信息的收集和使用。您可在您的移动设备的系统设置中逐项查看上述权限的状态，并可自行决定这些权限随时的开启或关闭。

请您注意，您开启任一权限即代表您授权我们可以收集和使用相关个人信息来为您提供对应服务，您一旦关闭任一权限即代表您取消了授权，我们将不再基于对应权限继续收集和使用相关个人信息，也无法为您提供该权限所对应的服务。但是，您关闭权限的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权所进行的信息收集及使用。
二、如何使用Cookie和同类技术
1、Cookie
为了让您获得更轻松的访问体验，我们会在您的计算机或者移动设备上存储Cookie、Flash Cookie，或浏览器（或关联应用程序）提供的其他通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码和字符的本地存储（统称“Cookie”）。借助于Cookie，网站能够存储您的登录资料等数据。
如果您的浏览器或浏览器附加服务允许，您可修改对Cookie的接受程度或拒绝我们的Cookie。但如果您这么做，在某些情况下可能会影响您安全访问我们的网站，且可能需要在每一次访问我们的网站时更改用户设置。
2、Cookie同类技术
除 Cookie外，我们还会在网站上使用网站信标、像素标签、ETag等其他同类技术。
例如，我们向您发送的电子邮件可能含有链接至我们网站内容的地址链接，如果您点击该链接，我们则会跟踪此次点击，帮助我们了解您的产品或服务偏好，以便于我们主动改善客户服务体验。
网站信标通常是一种嵌入到网站或电子邮件中的透明图像。借助于电子邮件中的像素标签，我们能够获知电子邮件是否被打开。如果您不希望自己的活动以这种方式被追踪，则可以随时从我们的寄信名单中退订。
ETag（实体标签）是在互联网浏览器与互联网服务器之间背后传送的HTTP协议标头，可代替Cookie。ETag可以帮助我们避免不必要的服务器负载，提高服务效率，节省资源、能源，同时，我们可能通过ETag来记录您的身份，以便我们可以更深入地了解和改善我们的产品或服务。大多数浏览器均为用户提供了清除浏览器缓存数据的功能，您可以在浏览器设置功能中进行相应的数据清除操作。但请注意，如果停用ETag，您可能无法享受相对更佳的产品或服务体验。
三、如何共享、转让、披露信息
1、共享信息
我们不会与服务提供者以外的公司、组织和个人共享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1）在法定情形下的共享：
我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼、争议解决需要，或按行政、司法机关依法提出的要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
2）在获取明确同意的情况下共享：
获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
3）在您主动选择情况下共享：
当您通过客户端应用启用分享智能设备功能时，我们会根据您的选择，将您添加的智能终端信息共享给您指定的终端用户。
2、转让信息
我们不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1）在获取明确同意的情况下转让：
获得您的明确同意后，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2）在服务提供者发生合并、收购或破产清算情形，或其他涉及合并、收购或破产清算情形时，
如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织继续受本政策的约束，否则我们将要求该公司、组织和个人重新向您征求授权同意。
3、披露信息
我们仅会在以下情况下，披露您的个人信息：
1）获得您明确同意或基于您的主动选择，我们可能会公开披露您的个人信息；
2）如果我们确定您出现违反法律法规或严重违反平台相关协议及规则的情况，或为保护平台用户或公众的人身财产安全免遭侵害，我们可能依据法律法规或征得您同意的情况下披露关于您的个人信息，包括相关违规行为以及平台已对您采取的措施。
4、共享、转让、披露信息的例外情况
以下情形中，共享、转让、公开披露您的个人信息无需事先征得您的授权同意：
1）与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
2）与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益有关的；
3）与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等司法或行政执法有关的；
4）出于维护您或其他个人的生命、财产等重大合法权益但又很难得到本人同意的；
5）您自行向社会公众公开的个人信息；
6）从合法公开披露的信息中收集个人信息的，如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道。
请知悉，根据适用的法律，若我们对个人信息采取技术措施和其他必要措施进行处理，使得数据接收方无法重新识别特定个人且不能复原，则此类处理后数据的共享、转让、公开披露无需另行向您通知并征得您的同意。
四、如何保护和管理您的信息
1、我们已采取符合业界标准、合理可行的安全防护措施保护您的信息，防止个人信息遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。例如：
1）我们采用HTTPS加密传输协定传输装置数据到云端；
2）设备之间数据以128/256-bit AES、XTEA加密方式传输；
3）透过ECDH自动产生AES加密金钥；
4）采用ECDSA数字签名验证身份；
5）以扰乱机制(Scrambling)传输影像数据。
2、我们有行业先进的以数据为核心、围绕数据生命周期进行的数据安全管理体系，从组织建设、制度设计、人员管理、产品技术等方面多维度提升整个系统的安全性。目前，我们的重要信息系统符合GDPR规范，并获得ISO27001认证。
3、持续调整现有的工作准则与流程，以确保资料的机密性、完整性与可用性，并在发生个人隐私侵害事件通报后，能够依法规要求迅速在72小时内通报权责机关与用户：
1）导入ISO 27001 / ISMS信息安全管理制度；
2）修订资料保护与公司隐私权政策；
3）资料收集与使用同意书/声明内容调整；
4）更新资料泄漏处理程序；
5）研拟个资事故紧急应变程序。
五、如何管理您的信息
您可以通过如下方式管理您的信息：
1、查询、更改您的信息：
您有权查询和更改您的个人信息，通过客户端应用或者登录网站，点击账户设置进行查询和修改账户信息。
2、改变您授权同意的范围：
在启用客户端应用的部分功能时，需要获取您在移动设备上对应的授权，您可以至移动设备相关系统设置中重新修改授权同意。当您收回授权同意时，我们不再处理相应的个人信息，同时对应的功能可能将无法正常启用。但您收回同意的决定，不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
3、响应您的反馈请求：
为了保障安全，我们可能会要求先验证您的身份，再处理您的请求，所以需要您提供书面证明，或其他能证明您身份的相关资料。
在以下情形中，按照法律法规要求，我们将无法响应您的请求：
1）与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
2）与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益有关的；
3）与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和执行判决等有关的；
4）有充分证据表明个人信息主体存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
5）响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
6）涉及商业秘密的。
六、如何实现信息在全球范围转移
应不同国家适用的数据安全保护法律法规要求，针对信息在全球范围转移措施如下：
境内运营中收集和产生的个人信息，存储在境内，以下情形除外：
1）适用的法律有明确规定；
2）获得您的明确授权；
3）您通过互联网进行跨境交易等个人主动行为。
针对以上情形，我们会确保依据本隐私权政策对您的个人信息提供足够的保护。
七、如何更新本隐私政策
1、我们可能适时修订本政策内容，以适应最新法律法规的要求。
2、我们将在变更生效前，在官网公告或以其他方式通知您，让您可以详阅更新后的完整内容。
3、在该情况下，如您仍选择继续使用我们的服务，即表示同意首经修订的政策约束。
感谢您花时间阅读我们的隐私政策
Privacy policy
I. How to collect and use information
In the course of using the Products and services, we need/may need to collect and use your personal information, including:
1. Account registration information:
For the services that can only be used through the platform account, you need to provide your name, email address,
The phone number, verification code, and account password are used to create platform accounts.
Fill in the above information when using the client application, we will verify your identity based on the information you provide,
Make sure you're being served.
2, non-account registration information:
if you choose to provide the nickname, profile picture and other non-registered account required personal information, we will provide you with more user-friendly services.
Your nickname and profile picture are only supplementary information to your profile and will not be displayed publicly.
3. User feedback information:
When you use the feedback and suggestion functions in our products, we will collect your email address, mobile phone number and feedback content, so as to timely handle your problems and equipment faults.
4. Mobile Device Information:
In the process of using our services, we may automatically collect your personal information, including:
1) Basic information:
Based on your specific operations during software installation and/or use,
Receives and records the device information (including the device model, operating system version, device Settings, unique device identifier, and hardware and software features such as the device environment) and device location information (including the GPS location authorized by you and the sensor information such as the WLAN access point, Bluetooth, and base station).
2) service log information:
when you use our website or products or services provided by the client, we automatically collect your interest in our service business data, as a service log, including browsing, click to view, search query, trading, sharing information, as well as the IP address, browser type, telecom operators, language use, access, date and time.
3) Authorization Information:
In order to provide more user-friendly services, we may need to collect and use your personal information in the following functions when you enable the client application.
If you do not provide this information, relevant functions will not be enabled, but the normal use of the account will not be affected.
Camera/camera-based permission: Before enabling the client application to remotely control a smart device, we need to obtain the permission to use the camera/camera on your mobile device so that we can scan a QR code to add a smart device.
Access permission for photo albums (photo library/video library) : You can enable access permission for photo albums to capture videos and pictures of smart devices in real time.
We will store the captured video files and pictures on mobile devices for your subsequent viewing and use.
Microphone-based permission:
You can enable the microphone permission to implement the voice function, that is, to make one-way or two-way voice calls with the smart device.
Speaker-based rights:
You can enable the speaker-based rights function to listen to the voice on the smart device.
Permission based on system storage:
We will obtain the system storage space and permission information of your mobile device when you install and enable the client application, so as to ensure the normal operation of the application and meet the storage space required for pictures/videos.
Location-based permissions:
We will obtain your mobile device location permissions when you install and enable the client application, so that we can provide security-compliant services for your geographical location.
Based on notification permission:
You can enable the notification permission to receive alarm notification messages sent by smart devices.
5. Smart Device Information:
In order to achieve remote control of smart devices through client applications, we will collect basic information about smart devices, including device name, device ID, device password, online status, network access information, firmware version and upgrade information, so as to provide connection services for you.
You understand and agree that the above functions may require you to enable the access rights of your location information (geographic location), camera (camera), photo album (photo library), microphone (voice), speaker, and system storage space information on your mobile device to collect and use the information involved in these permissions.
You can view the status of the above permissions in the system Settings of your mobile device, and you can decide to turn these permissions on or off at any time.
Please note that you open any permissions that represents your authorization we can collect and use personal information to provide corresponding service for you, once you close any permissions that represents your cancel the authorization, we will no longer be based on corresponding permission to continue to collect and use personal information, also is unable to provide you with the permission of the service.
However, your decision to turn off permissions does not affect previous information collection and use based on your authorization.
How to use cookies and similar technologies
1, Cookie
To make your access experience easier, we store cookies, Flash cookies, or other local storage provided by the browser (or associated application) that usually contains identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters on your computer or mobile device (collectively, "Cookies").
With cookies, websites can store data such as your login details.
You may modify your acceptance of cookies or reject our cookies if your browser or browser add-on services allow it.
However, if you do so, it may affect your secure access to our site in some circumstances and may require you to change user Settings every time you visit our site.
2, Cookie similar technology
In addition to cookies, we also use web beacons, pixel tags, Etags and other similar technologies on our websites.
For example, we may send you an email that contains an address link to the content of our website, and if you click on that link, we will track that click to help us understand your product or service preferences so that we can proactively improve our customer service experience.
A website beacon is usually a transparent image embedded in a website or email.
With the help of the pixel labels in the E-mail, we can tell whether the E-mail is open or not.
If you do not wish your activities to be tracked in this way, you can always unsubscribe from our mailing list.
An ETag (entity tag) is an HTTP protocol header that is passed between an Internet browser and an Internet server in place of a Cookie.
ETag can help us avoid unnecessary server load, improve service efficiency, save resources, energy, and at the same time, we may record your identity through ETag, so that we can further understand and improve our products or services.
Most browsers provide the function of clearing cached data. You can clear cached data in the browser Settings function.
Note, however, that if you disable ETag, you may not enjoy a relatively better product or service experience.
Iii. How to share, transfer and disclose information
1. Share information
We will not share your personal information with companies, organizations and individuals other than service providers, except in the following cases:
1) Sharing under legal circumstances: We may share your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation and dispute resolution requirements, or according to the requirements of administrative and judicial organs.
2) Sharing with express Consent: Upon obtaining your express consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
3) Sharing at your choice: When you enable the function of sharing smart devices through the client application, we will share the information of the smart terminals you add to the terminal users specified by you according to your choice.
2. Transfer of information
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual except in the following circumstances:
1) Transfer with express consent: Upon obtaining your express consent, we will transfer your personal Information to other parties;
2) in the service provider, mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation or other situations involving mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation, such as involving personal information transfer, we will request the new holder you personal information of the company, the organization continue to be bound by this policy, otherwise we will ask the company, organization or individual to ask for a grant to you.
3. Disclosure
We will only disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
1) With your express consent or upon your active choice, we may publicly disclose your personal information;
2) if we determine your violation of the laws and regulations or a serious breach of relevant agreements and rules of platform, or to protect the platform users or the personal property safety of the public from the infringement, we can according to the laws and regulations or under the condition of your consent to disclose personal information about you, including related violations and the platform has the measures taken to you.
4. Exceptions to sharing, transfer and disclosure of information
In any of the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information does not require prior authorization from you:
1) Related to national security and national defense security;
2) Related to public security, public health or major public interests;
3) related to judicial or administrative law enforcement such as criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment enforcement;
4) For the purpose of protecting the life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals, but it is difficult to get my consent;
5) Your personal information disclosed to the public by yourself;
(6) Collect personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
Please note that, in accordance with applicable laws, if we take technical and other necessary measures to process personal information in such a way that the recipient of the data cannot re-identify a specific individual and cannot recover the data, the sharing, transfer or public disclosure of such processed data does not require further notice to you and your consent.
How to protect and manage your information
1. We have taken reasonable and feasible security measures in line with industry standards to protect your information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of your personal information.
Such as:
1) We use HTTPS encryption transmission protocol to transmit device data to the cloud;
2) Data between devices is transmitted in 128/256-bit AES and XTEA encryption mode;
3) Automatically generate AES encryption keys through ECDH;
4) Using ECDSA digital signature to verify identity;
5) To transmit image data with the Scrambling mechanism.
2, we have the industry advanced data as the core, around the data life cycle of the data security management system, from the organizational construction, system design, personnel management, product technology and other aspects of multi-dimensional improve the security of the entire system.
Our critical information systems are currently GDPR compliant and ISO27001 certified.
3. Continuously adjust the existing working standards and procedures to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the data, and promptly notify the authorities and users within 72 hours as required by laws and regulations upon the occurrence of personal privacy violations:
1) Import ISO 27001 / ISMS information security management system;
2) Revise the data protection and privacy policy of the company;
3) Data collection and use consent/statement content adjustment;
4) Update the processing procedures for data leakage;
5) Develop an emergency response procedure.
How to manage your information
You can manage your information in the following ways:
1. Query and Change your Information: You have the right to query and change your personal information through the client application or log in to the website and click Account Settings to query and modify your account information.
2. Change the scope of your authorization: To enable some functions of the client application, you need to obtain your authorization on the mobile device. You can modify the authorization in the relevant system Settings of the mobile device.
When you withdraw your authorization, we will no longer process the relevant personal information and the corresponding functions may not be enabled properly.
However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the processing of personal information that has previously been carried out based on your authorization.
3. Responding to your feedback request: In order to ensure security, we may require you to verify your identity before processing your request, so you need to provide written proof or other relevant information to prove your identity.
In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with laws and regulations:
1) Related to national security and national defense security;
2) Related to public security, public health or major public interests;
3) Those related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
4) There is sufficient evidence to show that the subject of personal information has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
5) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
6) Involving trade secrets.
Vi. How to realize the global transfer of information
According to the requirements of data security protection laws and regulations applicable in different countries, the measures for the global transfer of information are as follows:
Personal information collected and generated during operations in China shall be stored in China, except in the following cases:
1) The applicable laws are clearly stipulated;
2) Obtain your express authorization;
3) You take the initiative to conduct cross-border transactions through the Internet.
In light of the above circumstances, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Vii. How to update this Privacy Policy
1. We may revise this policy in due course to meet the requirements of the latest laws and regulations.
2. We will notify you on the official website or in other ways before the change takes effect, so that you can read the complete content after the update.
3. Under such circumstances, if you choose to continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the first revised Policy.
Thank you for taking the time to read our privacy policy