Authy App Privacy Notice | Twilio
Skip to main content
Skip to content
Twilio
Products
Featured Products
MessagingX
Send and receive text messages
SMS
WhatsApp
Chat
Twilio Engage
Create omnichannel campaigns with a unified, data-first platform
Twilio Flex
Digital engagement center for customer service and sales
Contact Center
Trusted Activation
Prevent sign up fraud, account takeovers, and protect transactions
Channels
SendGrid Email API
Deliver email messages reliably at scale
Programmable Voice
Make, receive, and monitor calls around the world
Programmable Video
Build HD real-time video applications
Applications
Twilio Segment
Unify your customer data to power personalized engagement
Marketing Campaigns
Create and manage email marketing campaigns
Serverless
Build, deploy, and run apps with Twilio's serverless environment
Connectivity
Internet of Things
Connect IoT devices to global cellular networks
Elastic SIP Trunking
Deploy SIP trunks globally in minutes
Phone Numbers
Access local, national, and toll-free phone numbers
Short Codes
Send text and picture messages at scale
Solutions
By Use Case
Customer Engagement Platform
Build durable customer relationships with personalized, data-driven engagement
Marketing
Keep customers engaged on any channel
SMS Marketing
Product & Engineering
Connect with target users reliably and securely
Alerts & Notifications
Identity & Verification
Customer Service
Deliver personalized customer experiences at scale
Contact Center
IVR & Bots
By Industry
Financial Services
Healthcare
Hospitality
Public Sector
Real Estate
Retail
By Business
Enterprise
Startup
Nonprofit
Resources
Why Twilio
The trusted platform for data-driven customer engagement across any channel.
Customer Stories
See what customers are building with Twilio
Resource Center
Browse our content library for more resources on how you can create lasting customer relationships
Twilio Beta Center
Discover our current beta programs and find out how you can participate
Trust Center
Twilio’s security, data privacy, regulatory compliance, and resiliency policies.
Developers
Documentation
Twilio Flex
SMS
Programmable Voice
Video
Email
WhatsApp API
Elastic SIP Trunking
Super SIM
Verify
Functions
Studio
Twilio CLI
See all docs
Community
Ahoy!
Get inspired by the latest from our developer community
Blog
Read tutorials, community projects, and product updates
Stack Overflow
Ask the Twilio community for help
Champions
Become a Twilio community Champion
Developer Events
Beta
Join upcoming group events
Tools & Resources
CodeExchange
Usable code samples for faster builds
Changelog
See updates and additions to Twilio products
API Status
Check real-time monitoring of APIs and all services
Twilio Education
Learn practical coding skills through live training, student programs, and TwilioQuest
Services & Support
Partners
Find a partner
Work with a Twilio partner to buy or build the right solution
Partner with us
Join our Build Program as a technology or consulting partner
Twilio Services
Professional Services
Get technical and strategic advice from Twilio experts
Training
Learn how to architect, build, and support your apps
Support
Talk to Support
Help Center
Frequently Asked Questions
Support Plans
Pricing
Featured Products
SMS
WhatsApp API
Conversations
Twilio Engage
Verify
Lookup
Twilio Flex
Channels
Programmable Voice
Video
Email
Applications
Marketing Campaigns
Twilio Segment
Serverless
Connectivity
Super SIM
Wireless
Narrowband
Elastic SIP Trunking
See all pricing
Sign up
Log in
Contact sales
Contact sales
Start for free
Menu
Support
Help Center
Talk to Support
Training
Contact sales
Support Plans
Partner Solutions
Log in
Legal
Customer Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreement
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Supplier Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Mobile Application & Twilio Community Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Twilio Community Terms of Use
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Sub-processors
GDPR
Privacy Shield
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Print this page
Authy App Privacy Notice
THIS VERSION OF THE AUTHY PRIVACY NOTICE IS NO LONGER IN EFFECT. THE CURRENT VERSION OF THE TWILIO PRIVACY STATEMENT IS AVAILABLE
HERE.
Last Updated: April 4, 2022
(
View the prior version of our privacy statement here.
)
Summary
Welcome to Authy! As a courtesy, below is a quick summary of our privacy practices when you use the Authy desktop or mobile app. The full version can be found by scrolling down. The full version is the one that is legally controlling.
When you use our app we collect:
Your phone number, device information, and email address.
If you use an application that integrates our 2-factor authentication API, they will send us your phone number and email address so we can validate who you are on their behalf.
We keep a record of your log-ins to accounts for which you use Authy for 2-factor authentication.
We do not sell your personal information.
We use the information we gather from you to monitor for unusual or suspicious activity in your account, to communicate with you about your account, and as additional information that can be used to validate who you are if you need to recover your account or your account has been or may be compromised.
Websites and programs that integrate our 2-factor authentication API will be able to see information they sent us about you, your login activity to their website and program, your primary device type, and other device related information relevant to identifying unusual or suspicious activity, but they will not see any other websites or programs for which you use Authy.
We also share your information with our third party service providers as necessary for them to provide their services to us. We may also have to share your information with third parties if required to do so by law.
Your information will be transferred to the U.S.
If you have questions about our data practices or information we store about you, you can email us at privacy@twilio.com.
Full Version
Introduction
Data about our users
How we use your personal information
How we share your personal information
How to make choices about your personal information
International data transfers
How we secure your personal information
Handling disputes relating to our data protection practices
Other information you may find useful
Introduction
Authy, a Twilio service, offers a desktop and mobile app for two-step verification. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications on your desktop computer or mobile device that can be used as a part of a 2-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy can be used as an alternative to programs such as Google Authenticator or as a provider of 2-factor authentication for applications or programs that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Below is a summary of our practices when it comes to your personal information collected when you download and use the Authy desktop or mobile app.
If you are interested in our practices relating to personal information collected when you build an application that integrates with Authy’s API to add two-factor authentication to your application, click
here
.
When we refer to Twilio, we mean the Twilio entity with which you have contracted. Please see our main
Privacy Notice
for more information.
Before you submit any information on or through Authy, please carefully review this notice.
Data about our users
Data we process during account creation and account usage
Information you share directly
Phone Number and Email Address
. Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. After the phone number is verified, the phone number you use will be the identifier for your Authy account that allows you to add and associate additional devices to your same Authy account. The device on which you first created your Authy account is considered your “primary device.” You may also enter your email address.
If you are a user of an application or program that directly integrates with Authy’s 2-Factor Authentication API, those applications or programs collect your phone number and email address and share that information with us so we can use it to associate your account on that application or program with your Authy account that you created when you downloaded the Authy app.
If you have not downloaded the Authy app, but use an application or program that directly integrates with Authy’s 2-Factor Authentication API, when that application or program shares your phone number and email address with us, we will create an Authy account for you. We will use your phone number to communicate to you verification codes so you can log into your account on that application or program.
We collect your email address as another piece of information to validate who you are if you need to recover your account or your account has been compromised, and also to communicate notices about your account to you like suspicious logins or other activity that could be related to a compromise of your Authy account or one of your accounts in other applications or programs that integrate with the Authy 2-Factor Authentication API.
Identity Confirmation Information
. If you need to change your phone number associated with your account but are not able to access your Authy app to change your number under Settings, you can submit a request to change your phone number
here
. If we cannot easily confirm that you are the rightful account holder of the Authy account associated with your old number, we will ask you for your phone account information and a copy of physical identification such as a drivers’ license, national ID, or passport, which we then use to confirm your claim to the account. From time to time, if there are other situations where we need to verify that you are the rightful account holder of your Authy account, our support team may require you to provide identity information like a drivers’ license, national ID or passport.
Data we collect automatically
Device Information
. When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary.
Login History and Authy Account History.
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application or program you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if your account is compromised or may be compromised.
Geolocation information. If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and, again, as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised
.
How we use your personal information
We use your phone number as an identifier for your Authy account. This allows you to download the Authy app onto various devices and associate those devices with your same Authy account. We may also use your phone number to send you verification codes as a second factor for authenticating a login for an application that integrates with the Authy 2-Factor Authentication API. We also use logs of any changes to your phone number to monitor for suspicious or unusual activity and as another piece of information that could be used, if necessary, to verify your identity if your account is or may be compromised.
We use your email address, and any history of email addresses associated with your Authy account, as another piece of information that could be used, if necessary, to verify your identity if your account is or may be compromised. We also use your email address to communicate notices to you about your account, such as suspicious logins or other activity that could indicate a compromise of your account. In addition, we may use your email address to send you information about other Authy and Twilio products, services, or events that you might be interested in. You can choose not to receive marketing emails from us. If you wish to stop receiving our marketing emails you may click on the unsubscribe link that will appear at the bottom of any of our marketing emails or you can contact customer support.
We use information associated with your login activity, device information, and changes to your account to monitor for unusual or suspicious activity on your account and as any other piece of information that could be used to help us verify your identity if your account is compromised or may be compromised.
In addition to using device information as described above, we also use your device information ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Your personal information is generally stored until you advise us to close your Authy account and delete your records, and activity logs may be stored for up to a year for security purposes, or, if there is an ongoing investigation, until that matter is concluded.
How we share your personal information
Authy does not sell your personal information, share it with third parties for their own marketing purposes, nor do we allow third parties to use it for their own marketing purposes, unless you ask us to do this. You can read more in our
CCPA Notice
.
An application or program that integrates with the Authy 2-Factor API is able to access a record of the email address and phone number that it sent to Authy. It will also be able to access your primary device type and information associated with your login activity to that application or program. It may also retain this information on its own servers. For clarity, we may update information related to your account with that application or program where necessary for account continuity. We may also share other information related to your account with that application or program to help them and us detect suspicious or fraudulent activity on your account. Those applications or programs will not be able to see other accounts for which you use Authy to provide 2-factor authentication, however.
In addition, we may share your information with third parties as follows:
Third-party service providers or consultants. We may share your personal information with third-party service providers or consultants who need access to the personal information to perform their work on our behalf, like sharing personal information with our storage provider for the purposes of storing your personal information on our behalf. These third-party service providers are limited to only accessing or using this personal information to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances that they will appropriately safeguard the personal information.
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your personal information to a third party if (i) we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process or a government request (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements), (ii) to enforce our agreements and policies, (iii) to protect the security or integrity of our services and products, (iv) to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (v) to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose personal information to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury. If we are required by law to disclose your personal information, we will notify you of that disclosure requirement, unless prohibited by law. Further, we object to requests that we do not believe were issued properly.
Other Twilio Group entities. We may share your personal information or your end users’ personal information within the Twilio group of companies, such as with a subsidiary of Twilio Inc. We and our subsidiaries will only use the information as described in this notice.
Business transfers. If we go through a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal information we gather from you may be part of the assets transferred or shared in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. Any acquirer or successor may continue to use the personal information as described in this notice.
Aggregated or de-identified information. We might also share information with third parties if that information has been de-identified or aggregated in a way that does not identify you.
Over the last year, we have shared
Identifiers
and
Internet or other electronic network activity information
with third parties, as we describe in this section. You can reach out to us for more information by
contacting our Support team
.
If you use the Authy app when logging into a website or application that has not integrated the Authy 2-Factor API (i.e., you are using the Authy app as an alternative to Google Authenticator, typically by adding the website or application to your Authy App through scanning a QR code), the soft token you will see will be a 6 digit code. Authy does not share your information with these websites or applications.
How to make choices about your personal information
You can make updates to your information associated with your account by going into the settings in the Authy apps. You can also make a request to change your phone number associated with your account by clicking
here
.
You may have certain rights to make choices regarding your personal information, including accessing it, deleting it, correcting it, restricting its use, porting it, or withdrawing consent. To make a request for deletion of your Authy account, to make a request to access additional information associated with your account, or to express any other choice regarding your personal information, contact
Authy Support
or privacy@twilio.com. Please be aware that when you ask us for these things, we will take steps to verify that you are authorized to make the request.
Please keep in mind that when you ask us for your personal information, or you ask us to delete your personal information, we may need to withhold or retain some of that personal information for security, legal, or anti-fraud reasons. Also, we do need some of the personal information we have to maintain customer accounts. If you ask us to delete that information, we may not be able to continue providing you our services.
If you want to remove a program or application from your Authy account that uses the Authy 2-Factor API, but you do not want to delete your entire Authy account, you should contact the provider of the program or application that you want to remove.
Promotional communications.
In addition, you can choose not to receive promotional emails from us by following the unsubscribe/opt-out instructions in those emails. You can also opt-out by contacting customer support. Please note that even if you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional messages relating to things like updates to our terms of service or privacy notices, security alerts, and other notices relating to your access to or use of our products and services.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to the United States, and possibly other countries where we or our service providers operate. Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal information, as required by applicable local law.
Twilio has established and implemented a set of Binding Corporate Rules (“BCRs”) for internal transfers of Authy personal information between Twilio group companies in the European Union and Twilio group companies elsewhere. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal information that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR controller policy
here
.
Where Twilio’s BCRs do not apply, we will rely instead on other safeguards to transfer personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland, such as European Union Model Clauses, also known as Standard Contractual Clauses. You can read more about these in the main
Twilio Privacy Notice
and in the
Data Protection Addendum
that we provide to all our customers.
Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA only)
If you are from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we normally collect personal information from you only where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we have your consent to do so. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person such as in the case where we request personal information from you in response to a request from law enforcement.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us by using the contact details provided in the “How you contact us” section above.
How we secure your personal information
We use appropriate measures to protect the security of your personal information both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect, process and store and the current state of technology. Please note though that no service is completely secure. So, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or a data breach will never occur.
There are also things you can do to add extra protection to your Authy account. First, you should password protect or activate biometrics (like Touch ID) for all devices on which you have downloaded the Authy app. This will prevent unauthorized users from accessing your Authy app. Further, you have the option of setting a protection pin for your Authy app. You can do this by going into your app and clicking on settings. In settings, you should click on “Protection Pin.” You can choose to include a Protection Pin which will require you to enter a pin number of your choosing before accessing settings and your Account Info. Depending on your device’s capabilities, you may also be able to add biometric protection. You can also choose to protect the entire app which will require you to enter your chosen Pin and/or use biometric to open the Authy app on your device. We recommend that if you have downloaded Authy onto a shared device, that you use this last option of protecting the entire app.
If you have multiple devices associated with your account and one of your devices is lost or stolen, you can remove that device from your circle of trusted devices by going into one of the other devices associated with your account, and over which you still control, and remove the lost or stolen device under Settings > Devices. If you only have a single device that is associated with your Authy account and that device is lost or stolen, you can alert us through customer service.
Handling disputes relating to our privacy practices
If you have a dispute with us relating to our privacy practices, please contact our customer support or email us at privacy@twilio.com or contact our
Customer Support
. Most disputes can be resolved that way. If we can’t resolve our dispute that way, and you live in the U.S. or Canada, please see Section 9.7 (Agreement to Arbitrate) of our Terms of Service, which describes how disputes will be resolved between us. As described in that section, the American Arbitration Association will conduct the dispute resolution proceedings. Please be sure to review our Terms of Service, including Section 9.7, before you use any of our products and services.
If you’re in Europe, you may complain to an independent dispute resolution provider, at no cost to you. We outline this process in our
Privacy Shield Statement
(while we do not rely on Privacy Shield for data transfers, we continue to comply with the framework, including its dispute resolution process).
For more information about Twilio’s complaint handling procedures, see
Twilio’s BCR: Complaint Handling Procedure
.
Other information you may find useful
How we tell you about changes to our privacy practices
We may change our Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make changes, we’ll revise the “Last UpdatedEffective” date at the top of this notice, and we may provide additional notice such as on the Twilio website homepage, in the app, or via the email address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this notice, and seek your consent to any material changes if this is required by applicable law.
Information from children
We do not knowingly permit children (under the age of 13 in the US or 16, if you live in the EEA) to sign up for an Authy account. If we discover that someone who is underage has signed up for an Authy account, we will take reasonable steps to promptly remove that person’s personal information from our records. If you believe that a person who is underage has signed up for an Authy account, please contact us at privacy@twilio.com.
Contact Information
You can contact the Office of the Data Protection Officer either by emailing us at privacy@twilio.com or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
EEA Headquarters
UK Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 1st Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Twilio Ireland Limited
25-28 North Wall Quay
Dublin 1, Ireland
Twilio UK Limited
100 New Bridge Street
London, United Kingdom, EC4V 6JA
Legal
Privacy
Twilio.org
Press & Media
SIGNAL
Investors
Jobs
Copyright © 2023 Twilio Inc.
All Rights Reserved.