Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy for Wise Shark Software
Last modified: January 17, 2017.
AdMob ads Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
1. Introduction
Wise Shark Software develops mobile applications (the "Service"). We may also refer to Wise Shark Software as "We" or "Us".
This document, the " Privacy Policy", explains how we collect, process and store any personal data belonging to you, meaning information about you which is personally identifiable such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. Such information is referred to throughout this policy as "Personal Information" or "data".
2. Personal Information
We do not collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our applications.
We do not collect and do not store your image data and your face data while you visit, use, download or upgrade our applications.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
3. Non- Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ad identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal, device identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple ID for advertising, or IDFA. When we advertise our applications on mobile devices, we may use your devices advertising identifier and other information associated with it, which we may hold ourselves or may be provided to us by our advertising network partners, to help us to deliver ads that relate to your interests and to improve and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. You can choose to prevent your devices ad identifier being used for interest based advertising, or you can reset your devices ad identifier, by changing the settings of your device. Settings vary from device to device but if you are using an Apple device with iOS 7 you can find the ad identifier settings under Settings>Privacy>Advertising, and if you are using a Google Android device running Android 2.3 or later you can find the ad identifier settings under Settings>Google>Ads.
4. Personal Information Using.
You agree that we (or a supplier or group company acting on our behalf and only under our instructions) may use your Personal Information for the purposes of:
contacting you, for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about our Services;
managing your account and relationship with us and improving your experience when you use our Services;
research, surveying, and engaging with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes;
marketing and promotion of our Services or related products, for example sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes on our, or a third party's behalf. For example, we might send you information about merchandise relating to our Services If you do not want us to use your data in this way please let us know by contacting us at vitaliy.odarchenko@gmail.com;
to create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Services;
preventing cheating, crime or fraud. We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organizations involved in crime and fraud prevention; and
as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
5. Share your Personal Information with third parties.
We will only share your data with third parties (for example, our group companies or suppliers):
with your consent (including as set out in this Privacy Policy);
as reasonably necessary in order to provide the Services to you (for example, by providing your Personal Information to suppliers we may use to fulfil the Services or to communicate with you);
where it is necessary to carry out your instructions (for example, to process a payment instruction we must provide your Personal Information to our payment processors);
where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis, meaning you could not be personally identified from it;
when you submit information as part of a competition or otherwise interact with our social media channels (for example, by providing a testimonial about one of our Services) we may publish the information you submitted, alongside your name and home country on our website and social media channels;
as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation;
in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Wise Shark Software, our users, or others;
6. Interaction with third party social networks or platforms
You may allow our applications to interact with a third party social network or platform, which will provide data about you to us. These applications or websites are created and maintained by a third party which is not a part of, or controlled by Wise Shark Software. You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us.
You can make changes to what data a third party social network or platform shares with us, or stop our Services interacting with that social network or platform by adjusting your settings with that third party provider, however you may find you are not able to enjoy all of the same features of our Services.
You understand that where you allow your account with us to interact with any third party social network or platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy playing socially. This data includes your name, your social media profile picture and your scores and/or progress in our applications.
8. Personal Information Protection.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, use and all other unlawful forms of processing of the data in our possession. We use the same level of skill in protecting your Personal Information as other similar applications developers. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment we cannot guarantee that information you transmit via our applications will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards.
9. Links from our Applications
Our website and/or software may have links to other sites. We are not responsible for their content, activities, or the way they use the information they collect and/or you may provide to them. Please review their privacy policies.
10. Contact us
If for any reason you are concerned with the way that we may be using your personal information, you have questions about the privacy aspects of our products or services, or you wish to file a complaint, please contact us at: vitaliy.odarchenko@gmail.com
© 2019 Wise Shark Software
ABOUT US
APPS
TEAM
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY