PRIVACY POLICY FOR FAKE GPS Location Spoofer Free
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application "Fake GPS Location Spoofer Free" ("Application") for mobile devices that was created by IncorporateApps. The Application is simulating a different location on your mobile device for development testing purposes.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
Automatically Collected Information
The Application may collect certain anonymous information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
When you open the Application, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location and display a location map. We will not share your current location with other users or partners and we do not store that information.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose "Automatically Collected Information":
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if IncorporateApps is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice on our Web site and inside the Application of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies such as Google Analytics to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with third party advertising networks, such as Google Admob, who need to know how you interact with the advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information listed under "Automatically Collected Information" by the Application. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can't identify you personally. These third parties cannot however obtain anonymous information about other applications you've downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information.
If you would like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled "Opt-out" below.
What are my opt-out rights?
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application:
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support @ incorporateapps.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and  inside The Application. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing," means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in Germany. If you reside outside of Germany your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under German privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at support @ incorporateapps.com.