FunDo User Privacy Agreement
FunDo User Privacy Agreement
Shenzhen Fenyun Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we") take our users' privacy and personal information protection very seriously. We may collect and use information about you when you use our products and/or services.We want to explain to you through the Privacy Policy ("This Policy") how we collect, use, and store such information when you use our products and/or services.
We expect you to read and confirm that you fully understand what is stated in this policy before using our products and/or services.
When we use your personal information for other purposes not set forth in this policy, or when information collected for a specific purpose is used for other purposes, your consent will be sought in advance by your unsolicited check.
Please note that all personal information you provide when you use our products and/or services will continue to authorize us to use them for the duration of your use of our products and/or services, unless you delete or refuse to collect them from us through system settings.When you log out of your account, we will stop using and delete your personal information.
1.The range of personal information that you authorize us to collect:
Personal information refers to information that can be recorded electronically or otherwise, individually or in combination with other information, to identify a particular natural person or to reflect the activities of a particular natural person.
The personal information covered in this policy includes: basic information (including personal name, birthday, gender, address, personal phone number, email address); Email address and password, password, password protection answers related to the foregoing; personal property information (transaction and consumption records, as well as virtual property information such as balances, coupons, etc.); contacts; personal device information; personal location information (including itinerary information, accurate location information, accommodation information, latitude and longitude, etc.)；Personal health information (activity energy, sleep analysis, physical training, heart rate, weight, height, steps, walking distance, cycling distance, etc.).
In order to provide you with location-based and map-related functions/services, our products integrate with the Amap Location SDK.Amap SDK needs to collect and use your [device information, location information, WLAN and other sensor information] when providing you with [Location and map] functions/services.Specific please read carefully the &laquo
Amap Open Platform Privacy Policy
&raquo (
https://lbs.amap.com/home/privacy
).
2. We may use the information collected during the process of providing services to you for the following purposes:
(1) to provide you with services;
(2) when we provide our services, for authentication, customer service, security, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
(3) help us to design new services and improve our existing services;
(4) to give us a better understanding of how you access and use our services to respond specifically to your individual needs, such as language settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, or to respond to you and other users in other ways;
(5) to provide you with more relevant ads to replace the general advertising;
(6) to assess and improve the effectiveness of advertising and other promotional and promotional activities in our services;
(7) Software certification or management software upgrade;
(8) Allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services.
In order for you to have a better experience, improve our services, or other uses you agree to, we may use the information collected through one of the Services through information or in a personalized manner for our other services, subject to relevant laws and regulations. For example, the information collected when you use one of our services may be used in another service to provide you with specific content or to show you information that is not universally pushed to you.If we provide the appropriate options in the relevant services, you may also authorize us to use the information provided and stored by the Service for our other services.
3. We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than us, except in the following cases:
(1) obtain your express consent or authorization in advance;
(2) Provide it in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the requirements of legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
(3) To the extent permitted by law and regulation, it is necessary to provide it in order to protect the public interest, property or safety of our products, our affiliates or partners, you or other users or society from harm;
(4) Only by sharing your information can we realize the core functions of our products and/or services or provide the services you need;
(5) at your request for your handling of disputes or disputes with others;
(6) in accordance with the relevant agreements signed with you or other legal documents provided;
(7) Use on the basis of the social and public interests in accordance with laws and regulations.
4.How to protect and protect your personal information together
(1) We attach great importance to the security of personal information and take all reasonable and feasible data security technical measures to protect your personal information.
(2) The Internet environment is not 100% secure and we will do our best to ensure or warrant the security of any information you send to us.If our physical, technical, or administrative protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, alteration, or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will be liable accordingly.
(3) If you have any questions about the protection of our personal information, you can contact us through the contact details of this website.If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially your account password and personal information, please contact us immediately so that we can take appropriate measures.
5. Minors use our services
Parents or guardians are encouraged to guide minors under the age of 18 to use our services.Minors are encouraged to encourage their parents or guardians to read this Privacy Policy and to seek parental or guardian\'s consent and guidance before submitting personal information.
6.The scope of application of the Privacy Policy
(1) All of our services, except certain services, are subject to this Privacy Policy. These specific services will apply to a specific privacy policy. Specific privacy policies for certain services will more specifically describe how we use your information in those services. The privacy policy of this particular service forms part of this Privacy Policy.If the privacy policy of a particular service is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, the privacy policy of that particular service applies.
(2) Unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy will have the same meaning as the terms defined in the Mobility User Agreement.
(3) Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the following:
1) information collected through third-party services (including any third-party websites) accessed through our services;
2) Information collected through other companies or agencies that advertise on our services.
3) If you are using an Apple device such as an Apple phone or iPad, in order to calculate your motion data, we will receive and send your motion data from Apple Healthkit with your authorization. We\'ll read your height, weight, and gender data from Healthkit, while your steps, walking distance, activity energy, ride distance, and sleep analysis data generated in this APP will be written to Apple\'s Healthkit.Any data obtained through Healthkit will not be shared or sold to any third-party company, nor will the information we obtain from Healthkit be used for commercial, marketing, and other commercial purposes.
7.change
We may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy as a part of this Privacy Policy in due course. If such amendments result in a material reduction in your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by prominently on the Home Page or by otherwise notifying you by prominently on the Home Page prior to the amendment taking effect. In such cases, if you continue to use our Services, you agree to be bound by this amended Privacy Policy.
Contact us:
email:dev@cqkct.com