Privacy Policy – Mahar
ကမ္ဘာ့အကြီးဆုံး မြန်မာ့ရုပ်ရှင်ဘဏ်တိုက်
+95 9 422 422 009
Download
Live TV
More >>
Application
Card
legal
Contact
About
Jar
33
radio
Privacy Policy
From Mahar
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy __
ABC Content Solutions Co., Ltd built the Mahar app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by ABC Content Solutions Co., Ltd and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Mahar unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection And Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Link to the privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
User Data Deletion
To request data deletion, please contact
[email protected]
. We will delete the following data information of data that we stored in our system as you requested,
1. User account
2. User email
3. Phone Number
4. Location Data
5. Device info and
6. User's transactions
To comply with Facebook data deletion policies, we have implemented the following data deletion procedures:
User-Initiated Deletion: You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information at any time. To request data deletion, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
Data Retention Policy: We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Service to you and for as long as we are required to do so under applicable laws. However, we will delete the information if you request us to do so.
Data Backup: We will ensure that your personal information is not included in any backups or archives that we create for disaster recovery or business continuity purposes.
Third-Party Deletion: We will request that any third parties that have received your personal information from us delete it as well.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our data deletion policies, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us
[email protected]
.
ph: +95 9422422001 / 09422422009
ဇာတ်ကားဌားရမ်းကြည့်ရှုခြင်းများနှင့်ပက်သတ်၍ အဆင်မပြေပါက ရုံးချိန်အတွင်း Chat Box မှ တဆင့်မေးမြန်းနိုင်ပါသည်။
အမှတ် 186 မင်္ဂလာသီရိလမ်း၊
တောင်ဒဂုံမြို့နယ်၊ ရန်ကုန်မြို့။
9711
09 880 441 182
[email protected]
Copyright @
ABC Content Solutions
, Created by
Mahar
a
Privacy-Policy
Download
Live TV
More >>
Application
Card
legal
Contact
About