Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Digicel is committed to respecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws. This Privacy Notice is provided to help you understand how we may collect, use, protect, and otherwise deal with your personal information when you visit our website https://topup.digicelgroup.com or https://sendmoney.digicelgroup.com and use our mobile app (our “Services”).
You acknowledge that by providing your personal information to Digicel, you
                  consent to the processing of your data in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
You should read this Privacy Notice while keeping in mind that it should be read
                  together with our Terms and Conditions of use for our Services. The purpose of our
                  Privacy Notice is to explain how we collect, use, store, protect, disclose, and share
                  your personal information when you use any of our services online through our
                  website, and through our mobile apps, as well as to inform you of your choices
                  about the way your information is collected and used.
Who we are
We are Prism Services Inc, USA, with our registered office at 701 Waterford Way,
                  Miami, Florida, 33126, USA. At Prism we are part of a larger group of companies
                  called Digicel Group. Digicel Group and its other companies may have their own
                  separate privacy notice, and they will apply if you buy any of their products or
                  services direct from them.
Information that we collect
When you use any of our services including our top up, bill pay, gift cards,
                  remittances or other payment services, contact us, or access our within the Digicel
                  website https://topup.digicelgroup.com/ and mobile applications (“Applications”)
                  (collectively, the “Services”), we collect personal information about you and may
                  use it along with other information collected or generated during our relationship
                  with you.
We may collect and use the following types of personal information:
Contact information such as name, address, email address and telephone
                      number and recipient telephone number or email address (when you top-up
                      or send a digital gift card to someone);
Technical information such as the host from which you access the internet,
                        your IP address or device advertising ID, geolocation if enabled, information
                        about your device (such as device properties, settings, applications, storage
                        and usage information), mobile application, browser and operating system
                        software, social profile and network information, the date and time you access our websites, and the address of the site from which you linked to our website when you visit us;
demographic information such as age range, marital status, gender;
payment card information and billing address;
If you link, connect, or login to the Applications using a third party service
                      (e.g. Google and Facebook), you direct the service to send us information
                      such as your name, email address, profile picture and other information as
                      controlled by that service or as authorized by you via your privacy settings
                      with that service; and
how you use our Services such as user app session information, your
                      preferences, your transaction history.
How and why we collect this information
We upload personal data of all Application users to our servers to provide, maintain
                  and develop the Services. By registering to use the Services you give us your
                  consent to upload your personal data to the Prism server to facilitate the
                  registration of your account. If at any time you wish to withdraw this consent,
                  please delete your account.
We typically collect and process information when you:
interact and visit our website or download our app;
log in using your social media account or when you sign up and create your
                      profile;
buy, register or use any of our products and services;
Make customer enquiries, register for information or other services;
Respond to communications from us (such as SMS, emails, questionnaires or
                      surveys);
Contact us and provide your information through Digicel’s customer call
                      centers;
Have given permission for third party companies to share your information
                      with us; or
We also collect information from cookies and other similar tracking technologies
                  used on our website or in our app. For more information on this please check out
                  our ‘Cookies’ section in this policy.
We will use the information that you have given us:
to verify your identity and validate your purchase or services you register to;
for billing purposes;
to provide the Services and customer support to you, to help you to receive a
                      personalized experience, to assist you in carrying out transactions and
                      accessing account information, and to associate your personal information
                      when you use multiple Services
to maintain and develop our products and services;
to assist with service related issues, account management, customer care
                      and technical support;
to improve the performance of our services, products and service
                      development, and customer care;
to carry out marketing analysis to tailor the services to your preferences and
                      interests;
to market our products and services; and
to carry out statistical analysis such as analysing the performance of our
                      products and services and to understand how our customers use them.
Legal basis for using your information
We will only use your personal data where we have a legal ground to do so. In every
                  case, the legal ground will be one of the following:
Where you give us your consent - you can withdraw your consent at any time
                      by contacting us via our contact details.
For our legitimate business interest, so that we can run an efficient and
                      effective business.
For the performance of our contract with you – that is to provide you with the
                      products and services you have requested, bought or subscribed to.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, including for example
                      tax and accounting requirements, financial or telecommunications
                      regulations.
Linked Sites
Our Applications or Services, such as remittances, may be linked to or from third
                  party websites. We have not reviewed, do not control, and are not responsible for
                  the content or privacy practices employed by websites that are linked to or from our
                  websites. We do not assume responsibility for any of these sites, their content, or
                  their privacy policies. We do not endorse third party websites or make any
                  warranties about any information, software, or other products or materials you may
                  find there, or any results that may be obtained from using them.
Sharing
Digicel does not sell, trade, transfer or otherwise share your information except in
                  the following instances:
as required by law, such as in conjunction with a subpoena, government
                      inquiry, litigation, dispute resolution or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our
                      rights, protect your security, investigate fraud or respond to a law
                      enforcement request;
with Digicel service providers, and contracted third parties who work on our
                      behalf and who do not have an independent right to use the information to
                      which they have access or that we disclose to them. Digicel ensures that all these third parties have signed contracts that include confidentiality and data protection clauses;
with our business partners for Digicel’s marketing activities, in such case no
                      specific personally identifiable information is provided, as such information is
                      generally aggregated;
with third parties for research and development purposes in such case no
                      specific personally identifiable information is provided;
with our subsidiaries and affiliates within the Digicel Group of companies;
Third-party providers
We may share and transfer your information to our vendors, partners, suppliers
                  (altogether “our service providers”) across the world. These service providers have
                  signed contracts with us provide for a strict duty to keep all personal information
                  confidential and to use it only for the purpose for we have contracted them in an
                  accordance with strict policies consistent with our commitment to keep your
                  information confidential and secure.
These service providers have been carefully selected to ensure that they provide
                  equal protection to that stated in this Privacy Notice, and as required by applicable
                  privacy laws or any other policy or guideline
Data Transfers and Storage
We may have to transfer data to jurisdictions outside of the jurisdiction where we
                  collected such information. In these circumstances, Digicel will ensure secure data
                  transfers using secure technologies and practices to secure data from unauthorized
                  access or interception. Where such transfer is to a non-Digicel company, we shall
                  ensure that we have signed contracts containing the relevant data protection
                  clauses.
The above notwithstanding, please be aware that communications over the public
                  Internet, such as email/webmail, facsimile, are not secure unless they have been
                  encrypted. Your communications may route through a number of countries before
                  being delivered - this is the nature of the World Wide Web/Intranet. Digicel cannot
                  accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information
                  that is beyond our control.
Account Deletion & Data Retention
On account deletion, Digicel may retain certain information as required by law or
                  regulations. We keep your personal information for no more than is necessary for
                  the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice unless we are required to keep it for such
                  other period to comply with legal, tax or regulatory reasons. When we no longer
                  need or are not required to keep your information we will securely delete your
                  information and ensure all recipients of your data also comply with the same.
Where you have given us your consent to use your information and you decide to
                  withdraw that consent, we will delete your personal information unless we are
                  required to keep it for reasons we have explained above. We may need to keep a
                  piece of your contact information e.g. your email address in our records so we know
                  that you have withdrawn your consent and ensure we honour your choice.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We
                  provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we
                  process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized
                  employees and contractors who need to know that information to operate, develop
                  or improve our services. We also engage well-known technologies including but not
                  limited to firewalls, anti-virus, intrusion detection, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer),
                  routine network vulnerability assessment and 24 x 7 monitoring of our network.
                  Please be aware that although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for the
                  information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential
                  security breaches.
Cookies/Tracking Technologies
Digicel website uses common internet technologies, such as cookies and web
                  beacons, to keep track of user interaction with our website, to remember user
                  preferences and to maximize the user experience and performance of the website
                  and services. For example, using cookies on our website provides benefits to you,
                  such as allowing you to autofill fields on forms, provide details of last time you login
                  online. You can disable the cookies at any time and the information will not be
                  collected. Please refer to your browser ‘Help’ instructions to learn more about
                  cookies and how to manage their use. If you choose to decline cookies, some of the
                  functionality of a website may be impaired.
Your data protection rights
You can do any of the following at any time by contacting us:
Request to see a copy of the information we have about you;
Request to update any incorrect or inaccurate information we have about
                      you;
Restrict or object to us processing your information in certain circumstances;
Have us delete any information we have about you in certain circumstances;
Transfer the information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in
                      certain circumstances;
Express any concern you have about our use of your information;
To opt-out of marketing messages – you can also opt-out by clicking the
                      ‘unsubscribe’ link at the end of any marketing email, or disable push
                      notifications, or change your preferences within your device settings; and
To opt-out of automated profiling e.g. online behaviour analytics.
Privacy Support & Inquiries
If you have concerns or questions regarding this Privacy Notice or if you wish to
                  update your personal information or stop the collection of your personal
                  information, please contact us at privacy@digicelgroup.com or call us on any of our
                  customer care lines provided in the Service you have subscribed for.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Digicel reserves the right to amend or modify this Privacy Notice at any time and in
                  response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy laws. Notice of any
                  such change along with the revised policy will be posted on our website.