Android Innovative Solution - Privacy Policy
Android Innovative Solution - Privacy Policy
Tuesday, September 18, 2018
Android Innovative Solution - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how
Android Innovative Solution
("AIS", "We", "Us" , or "Our" ) protects your privacy when you use Android Innovative Solution services ("Services") which includes all mobile phone applications ("Mobile") built and working under AIS.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW, YOU MAY NOT USE THE OUR SERVICES.
What Information We Collect?
For providing our services, we may collect, store and use the following Information related to you:
"Collected Information":
Information about malicious applications, files and other potential threats on your tablet, mobile phone or other applicable device and their behaviors and origins;
Information about your device including device ID, apps of the third party installed on the device, manufacturer of the device, internet history and bookmarks, screen size and model of the device, the mobile network you use but not the phone number;
Information we collected as you use our services, such as certain Log Data and public information.
Location. Upon your choose to use the locate family feature and you establish the contact with your family, you consent that with your family consent, we could collect the location of your family to let you know the above family location.
"Log Data" is technical information that is automatically collected by us when you use our services, including:
Error log and a DUMP file automatically generated when an unexpected error occurs or an application crashes; and We do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number,physical address.
The number calling or called not including in the contact of the end user’s device and the number marked as the spam or the merchant number submitted by the end user. Please note that we do not collect any contact information in your device and we only read the contact number in your device to specify the number not in your contact.
To provide weather information, you GPS information may be read by us. Please note that we will not store or transfer your GPS information nor do we use such information to specify you.
With your permission (on download or in the app), we may access and store the Content (your user name and photos) you provided while using our Mobile applications and Site. We may also edit stored photos, apply effects to them and use them to perform marketing activities. Yet we will show your photos or your edited photos solely to you (for example by sending you promotional e-mails you opted-in).
We may also collect information about others if you use our Services to upload, share and/or distribute Content that contains information about them, including their name, image and online contact information.
Mobile Identifiers:
When you are using our a mobile application that incorporates our Services, we may also automatically record your Google Advertising ID or your Advertising Identifier for advertising or analytics purposes. The Google Advertising ID is an anonymous identifier, provided by Google Play services. If your device has an Advertising ID, we may collect and use it for advertising and user analytics purposes. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may use other persistent identifiers. The information collected may be also stored on your device.
How We Use Your Information
We may use your Information for any of the following purposes:
to provide our services to you;
to find out the reason that the error occurred or app crashed and improve the quality of the product;
for customer service, security, fraud-detection, archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of our services;
to better understand how you access and use our services, for the purposes of trying to improve our services and to respond to customer desires and preferences, including language and location customisation, personalized help and instructions, or other responses to your and other customers’ usage of our services;
to help us develop our new services and improve our existing services;
to assess the effectiveness of and improve advertising and other marketing and promotional activities on or in connection with our services;
for the purposes of software verification or administering software upgrades;
for allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services.
Provide the end user with the spam number or the merchant number notice.
Sharing Of Your Information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
We may disclose your Non-personal information:
To trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, cooperation with us or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We will access, use or disclose your information with other organizations or entities for reasons that required by any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
Detect, prevent, or otherwise fraud, security or technical issues;
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Android Innovative Solution, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Security Of Your Information
Android Innovative Solution is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
Sensitive Information
We are not collecting any selsitive infomation in our any app. We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
International Users Your Information collected by us may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities, and by using an Application, the Services or the Site you consent to the transfer of your Information to countries, including the United States, which may be outside of your country of residence and may provide for different and less stringent data protection rules than in your country. If you object to your Information being transferred or used as described in this Policy, please do not use any Application, the Services or the Site and immediately delete all Applications from your User Devices.
Contact us:
Let us know any suggestion, query or problem by mail us on andinnosols@gmail.com.
To completely delete your all associated content and data please contact our support team at andinnosols@gmail.com
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
© Android Innovative Solution. Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by
Blogger
.