Katamapps - Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Katamapps
Home
Privacy Policy
Katamapps
Home
Privacy Policy
More
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
KatamApps is committed to providing fun and exciting digital entertainment across all its applications available on various devices such as Smartphones, tablets, and desktops. KatamApps respects the privacy concerns of all users.
Thus, we at KatamApps have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. The following reveals our information gathering and dissemination practices. By accessing and/or using KatamApps website you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT
We may collect any personal information which specifically identifies you as an individual and might include your Name, Email Address, Mailing Addess, Phone Number.
KatamApps will utilize your personal information to notify you about updates on the website, communicate with you regarding your account OR to provide you with news, promotions and special offers
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT
We may collect non-personal information like
IP Address when a user accesses KatamApps
Information about your computer such as hardware, software, platform and mobile device
Anonymous information like user's activities on our websites
The above privacy policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through this website. By stating and promising the above privacy policies we hereby ensure that the site stays safe and fun for all our visitors.
Make sure to check our privacy policy frequently, since it is subjected to change, and your continued use of the site is conditional to your acceptance of any modifications hereto. By using our site you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
Google Adsenses:-
We display advertisements in our free apps to fund the development process for current and future Services.
Also, we promote our apps by cross promotion. It means while you are using one of our apps, our other apps ad will display on it.
The advertisements are provided by third party companies and they may use and collect anonymous data about the User’s interests to be able to select more relevant advertisements. This information may also include location data and unique device identifier. No information is collected to allow third parties identifying you as a person.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices.
To provide users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified under Information Sharing) for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in the App (behavioral advertising).
Contact us
If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests. please contact us on our email us at katamapplications@gmail.com
Copyright © 2017 KatamApps. All Rights Reserved
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse