ram cle
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
ram cle
Private Policy of Fast Cleaner
This Privacy Policy describes how we (Fast Cleaner) collect the information when you use our applications downloaded from Google Play Store:
1.What Information We Collect ?
1.1 Your country or region
We will send your IP address, country code (MCC), mobile phone language, system version and other information to our server.
1.2 File information to scan junk files
Fast Cleaner reads the installed application information, file storage information, app cache, log information, photos, Media and ad files information which are installed in your mobile phone, to clean junk files including system cache, ads residue, log files, useless installation packages, temporary files, other files, pictures, audios and videos etc.
1.3 Application Information
In order to stop apps running background, and release space and mobile efficiency enhancement, Fast Cleaner read the installed application information, file storage information, app caches and multimedia file information which are in your mobile phone. When you use Memory Boost function, Fast Cleaner will release memory space by scanning and shutting down background apps.
1.4 Battery Saver Information
In order to prolong the standby time of mobile battery, Fast Cleaner read application information installed in your phone, running app information, charging status and battery information. We collect the app list information in your mobile phone for a continues optimized power saving result.
1.5 Device Information
We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware manufacturer & model, operating system version, screen size, CPU model, mobile network information and installed apps) to implement app features, provide our services, and improve the app performance for all our users.
2. Third Party SDK Collected Information
Mopub, Privacy policy：https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
FaceBook, Privacy policy：https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
AdMob, Privacy policy：https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Pangle, Privacy policy：https://ad.oceanengine.com/union/media/privacy
Yahoo Flurry, Privacy policy：https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/us/en/verizonmedia/privacy/products/developer/index.html
Goolge firebase, Privacy policy：https://policies.google.com/privacy
3. How We Use Information We Collect ?
3.1 To Provide and Improve our Service
We use the information we collected while you use our applications and services to provide you better features and experience on them. We also use the data to measure the performance and improve the apps and services.
3.2 To carry out activities related to advertisements
To send you personalized advertising, we may use the information collected from you such as ad identifiers, age, country, region, gender, language, games played by you.
4. How we share your information
Your personal information may be shared with our third-party partners.
We may disclose your personal information to our business partners, including advertisers, publishers, and data tracking companies. These business partners may use your personal information to show you advertisements, measure your ad interaction, and better understand the site and app traffic usage or user behavior in order to improve their services.
Such partners’ use of the information that we disclose to them will be governed by their privacy policies.
We do not sell, trade, or transfer to non-cooperative outside parties about your personally information.
5. Permission We Request
5.1 Take pictures, videos and files
Fast Cleaner acess your pictures and files to scan junk files.
5.2 Full network access
Used to achieve network-based services.
5.3 Close other apps
Stop running apps to save battery or boost phone.
5.4 Prevent device from sleeping
5.5 Measure phone app storage space
Analyze he amount of storage of your phone and used by other apps, e.g, the junk and log cache files used by apps.
5.6 Delete system’s cache
When Fast Cleaner scaned junk files, it will delete system’s caches to release space.
5.7 Get Installed App List
Read installed apps and running apps to boost phone and make it run faster.
6.Update of Policy
Any information that is collected is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
Fast Cleaner, may, however, modify the Policy from time to time. Your continued use of our app or services following the change of the Policy will mean you accept those changes.
7. Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email:
bigtooldev@gmail.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse