Club Photo Studio
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Club Photo Studio
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
September 19, 2018
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their
'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online.
Your privacy is important to US. This Privacy Policy describes how and when collects Data, use,
and shares your information when you use our mobile applications and our Apps Services.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our Apps.
All our applications on the Google Play is Free application about create and edit photos and videos.
We are do not store any user information such as Cookies, email, passwords, user-data, etc...
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our Application.
NON- PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances.
To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
THIRD – PARTY SERVICES
Club Photo Studio Apps uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services.
These third-party service providers may use cookies and other technologies to collect information
about your use of our Services, including your IP address, device ID.
We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.
LOCATION INFORMATION
When you use a location-enabled Club Photo Studio service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device.
How we share your information
We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services.
These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential.
PERMISSION
-Camera Permission:
To capture Image on user action
-Contacts Permission:
To Display Contacts in App & finding Name from Number and other Function (never sharing contacts outside app)
-Internet Permission:
To display Ads inside app
-Read Write External Storage Permission:
To select images / To Save files created in app
Advertising
3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of advertisements on Club Photo Studio, possibly based on user interests.Our service providers include Google AdMob. We use Google AdSense Advertising on our Apps.
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
Facebook Audience Network
We use Facebook Audience Network by Facebook as the main ad server. Please see Facebook Audience Network Privacy Policy –
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/policy
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that
we think materially alter your rights, then we will post the latest policy to this site and change the
“Last Updated” date below. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the
Club Photo Studio Service to understand how your personal information is used.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance(COPPA tenants)
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Parents can review, delete, manage or refuse with whom their child's information is shared through contacting us directly.
or contacting us directly.
Third-party analytics services
Appvestor Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy: This Privacy Policy illustrates what personal information a user may share with Appvestor ApS,when installing, running and using Appvestor’s applications and Caller ID technology (collectively “Services”). It also describes how the Company receives, collects and uses this data. In reference to all data received from the identified persons using the Services (“User”), the Company will diligently respect the User’s fundamental legal right to data protection and privacy
.
Appvestor Privacy Policy Link:
https://legal.appvestor.com/privacy-policy/
Appvestor End User License Agreement: This End User License Agreement (“Agreement“) governs your use of the Caller Identification Service (“Service“) owned and operated by Appvestor ApS.
Appvestor End User License Agreement Link :
https://legal.appvestor.com/end-user-license-agreement/
Contact Us :-
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Club Photo Studio
Email: clubphotostudio@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Unknown
16 March 2020 at 08:52
Hi
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Club Photo Studio
Visit profile
Archive
September 2018
1
Report Abuse