Privacy Policy
Hamsoft Private Policy
Privacy Policy
Hamsoft's app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Hamsoft at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Hamsoft's unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
  The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used
                      by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these 'cookies' explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use 'cookies' to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.
  If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at info2hamsoft@gmail.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Data deletion
Data collection and deletion are as follows.
Advertise ID : You can reset the advertising ID through settings.
Crashlytics, Analytics : We use crashlytics and analytics to troubleshoot and improve our app. The data is deleted regularly.
If you need additional data deletion, please send an email.
Changes to the Policy
If the Policy changes, the modification date below will be updated. The Policy may change from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically.
Last modified: 14 Feb, 2022.
Contact
If you have any questions about the Policy, please contact me via
info2hamsoft@gmail.com