Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: 11 July 2022
The following information applies to all our mobile applications (apps) for smartphones and tablet PCs from the Avatars Makers Factory developer. The use of these apps may involve the processing of personal information. Our intention is for the following information to provide you with an overview of these processes so that you can understand them. In order to ensure fair processing, we would also like to inform you about your rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the German Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz – BDSG).
Below we call these collectively “Services”. By using our Services, you agree to the processing of your
data in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the
new Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Your
continued use of our Services after the posting of a new version is deemed as your acceptance of the
modified terms.
What data do we collect and why?
Personal data.
We may collect personal data that identifies you if you submit it to us (for example if you
sign up for our forums, a competition or send us an email query regarding the Services). We may use
this data to provide Services to you, improve our Services and contact you.
If you choose to log in to our Services by using social networking site credentials (such as Facebook
Connect), the site may send us personal data that you have allowed it to share with us.
We do not collect personal data from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected
such data, do contact us so we can obtain parental consent or remove such data.
Analytics data.
We use analytical services and other tools (such as Google Analytics) on areas of our
Services which enable us to collect your IP address or other identifier, usage data relating to our
Services as well as information on your device properties. Based on this data we may create statistics,
provide better services to our customers as well as analyze and further develop our Services. We treat
this information as nonpersonal data.
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data
collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share
them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
network.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data.
Place of processing: USA –
Privacy Policy
You can disable Google Analytics with
this addon tool
.
Ad serving.
We and our partners may use ad serving technology to provide advertisements of interest
to you within the Services (for example within the Android application). In this connection we and our
partners may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device
identifier, MAC address, IMEI, coarse geolocation information and IP address.
Please note that our partners operate under their own privacy policies.
For more information, see
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/48182
about AdMob
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
about Unity Ads
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
about Google
You may also see our own advertisements in other services. If you click such advertisements and install
our game, we may share a device identifier with the advertiser to verify installs.
Cookies and other identifiers.
We and our partners may use cookies and other identifiers (such as
clear gifs or pixel tags). With cookies and other identifiers we and our partners can provide a better user
experience. You may delete the cookies from your device after using our Services. If you disable
cookies on your browser, some parts of our Services may not function properly.
Data security and sharing
Data security.
All of your data is protected in accordance with generally acceptable industry standards
and although no system is 100% secure, we take reasonable steps to safeguard your data from
unauthorized access. We may use partners and contractors to process data for us in accordance with
this privacy policy and in such cases we take steps to ensure that your data is kept secure.
Data sharing.
We do not share your personal data to third parties without your consent unless we are
compelled to do so by law or when we face exceptional situations, such as detection or prevention of
misuse or criminal activities.
We may publish aggregated or depersonalised data based on our users’ information (such as statistics)
provided that such information does not identify you.
We may process your data outside the country where you live in (for example if you are an EU citizen,
outside the EU or the European Economic Area). This can happen if, for instance, the service provider of
our analytical services is located outside your country. In such cases, we will take steps to ensure that
your personal data is processed lawfully and in accordance with this privacy policy.
External links
Our Services may contain links to external sites, such as Facebook and Youtube and link content from
external third party sources. Please note that the use of such third party sites or content is subject to the
privacy policies and usage terms of the third party in question instead of our own terms and we do not
have control or assume any liability over such content.
Contact us
Should you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or the processing of your personal data,
please contact us (Avatars Makers Factory) at
dimitrovbk83@gmail.com