privacy policy – Site Title
Skip to content
Site Title
Menu
Home
Contact
privacy policy
Photo Editor Frames
Uncategorized
October 25, 2018
October 25, 2018
2 Minutes
For
Photo Frames & Photo Editor
privacy for our valued customer is very important.We strongly believe that the personal information of our customers
should not be shared with the third party without the prior consent or request from the customer.
Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, this privacy statement applies to
Photo Frames & Photo Editor
and its products
which is listed under
Photo Frames & Photo Editor
(Developer account name) in google play.
Personal Information
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for help us develop, deliver,
and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service.
we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law of your country-
(1) Your prior permission.
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests.
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities.
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
NON- PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances.
To have a better understanding in user’s behaviour, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising,
we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as your hardware model,
operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
Photo Frames & Photo Editor
will not share that information with third parties.
THIRD – PARTY SERVICES
Photo Frames & Photo Editor
uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services.
These third-party service providers may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services,
including your IP address, device ID. Our service providers include Google AdMob,Facebook,Startapp.
Permissions
When you use a location-enabled
Photo Frames & Photo Editor
service, we may collect and process information about your actual location,
like GPS signals sent by a mobile device.
PERMISSION
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE: Save photos created by this app into user’s device storage.
CAMERA: Take photos by user’s device camera.
INTERNET and ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE: Access internet to request ads.
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE:read your gallery to select photo for app use.
LOCATIONSERVICES and PhONE STATE:sometimes app use locations and phone state for  ads
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Photo Frames & Photo Editor Service to understand how your personal information is used.
if you have any question ,please feel free to contact us at photoeditorphotoframes@gmail.com
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Related
Published by
Photo Editor Frames
View all posts by Photo Editor Frames
Published
October 25, 2018
October 25, 2018
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Enter your comment here...
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
Email
(required)
(Address never made public)
Name
(required)
Website
You are commenting using your WordPress.com account.
(
Log Out
/
Change
)
You are commenting using your Facebook account.
(
Log Out
/
Change
)
Cancel
Connecting to %s
Notify me of new comments via email.
Notify me of new posts via email.
Δ
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
Site Title
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Site Title
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this:
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started