AZSoft Technology Inc. Privacy Policy
AZSoft Technology Inc. Privacy Policy
Last updated Jan 24, 2023
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which AZSoft Technology Inc.(“AZSOFT”) collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the a0soft.com website (“Site”) or our mobile applications (“Apps”). This privacy policy applies to the Site, Apps, and all products and services offered by AZSOFT.
Non-personal identification information
AZSOFT may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site or our Apps. Non-personal identification information may include IP address (does not link it to a specific individual), the browser name, the type of computer or mobile device, and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site or use of our Apps, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Personal identification information
AZSOFT does not collect and/or transmit your personal identification information to our Site. Personal identification information may include your email address, phone number, device unique ID, or any data that can be used to identify a specific individual.
Location information
AZSOFT does not collect and/or transmit your precise location information to our Site. Some of our Apps may have the ability to read your precise location from your mobile device and may use this information to enhance the functionality of the app. However, your precise location information won't be transmitted to our Site. Our Site or Apps may use advertising services to display ads. Advertising services collect the device's IP address, which may be used to estimate the general geographic region from which you are connecting to the Internet. The information is only used to display ads, fraud prevention, or security.
Installed application information
Our Apps may use a crash reporting service to help us identify bugs and other issues that may impair the user experience. In the event of malfunction or failure, certain information is transmitted to the server of the crash reporting service. This information may include the metadata of the application currently running and the version of Google Play Service. The information is only used to help us identify bugs, fraud prevention, or security. Besides that, AZSOFT does not collect and/or transmit your installed applications information (e.g. application name, package name, version name, and other metadata) to our Site.
How we use collected information
AZSOFT collects and uses information for the following purposes:
To improve our Site and Apps
AZSOFT may use information in the aggregate to better understand how you access
  and use our services, for the purposes of trying to
  improve our website offerings and our Apps based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps AZSOFT to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
Third-party websites and service providers
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site or in our Apps that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. AZSOFT does not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies. Here are links to the privacy policies of a few of the service providers AZSOFT uses:
Google Firebase Crashlytics – which is a crash reporting service provided by Google –
Privacy Policy
Google AdMob – which is an advertising service provided by Google.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Google Analytics for Firebase – which is a usage analytics service provided by Google –
Privacy Policy
Crash reporting service
AZSOFT uses Google Firebase Crashlytics. Crashlytics provides information about 
crashes and malfunctions within the app, to help us identify bugs and other 
issues that may impair the user experience. In the event of malfunction or 
failure, certain information is transmitted to Crashlytics. This information may 
include your IP address, your device’s operating system details, your device ID, 
model and device type, the version of the application currently running, 
versions of services that are used by the app, and the time of malfunction or 
failure. Crashlytics does not collect any personally identifiable information. 
Nor do we combine the information collected through Crashlytics with any 
personally identifiable information. We use the information we get from 
Crashlytics only to improve the app, and will not share this information with 
other customers, or any third parties.
Analytics
AZSOFT uses Google Analytics to collect data from, control and/or monitor computers and devices running or interacting with the Apps or our Site. The collected data is anonymously and used to help AZSOFT understand how customers engage with this application. It reports application trends without identifying individual customers. AZSOFT reserves the right to anonymously track and report your activity inside of our applications. AZSOFT will not share this information with other customers, or any third parties.
Advertising
For users in the European Economic Area (EEA), non-personalized ads will be displayed on our Site. Non-personalized ads are targeted using contextual information rather than the past behavior of you. Although these ads don’t use cookies for ads personalization, they do use cookies to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse. Consent is therefore required to use cookies for those purposes. Ads appearing in our Apps, a consent dialog will be displayed for EEA users to select personalized or non-personalized ads type.
Ads appearing on our Site or in our Apps may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may use an advertising id on your mobile device. These ids allow the ad server to recognize your computer or mobile device each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non-personal identification information about you or others who use your computer or mobile device. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of ids by any advertisers. Apps published on Google Play may make use of the advertising identifier on your mobile device for advertising purposes in accordance with Google Play Policy. The advertising identifier may be used by advertisers to track user interaction with ads unless the user opts out of this capability using their device’s advertising identifier settings. Apps published on Google Play on or after August 1st, 2014, will make exclusive use of the advertising identifier on your mobile device for all advertising purposes.
Changes to this privacy policy
AZSOFT has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site or our Apps, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site or Apps. Your continued use of the Site and/or Apps following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
a0soft+PrivacyPolicy@gmail.com