Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
7th Generation
By using 7th Generation, the Services or the Site, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.
This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own, such as Facebook, or any third party features or services made available via an Application, the Services or the Site. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the Site belong to their respective owners.
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the 7th Generation on all platforms.
By installing and using the apps, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not agree, please do not install and use the apps.
1. How we use collected information
•  Personal Information- since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your personal information in any way.
• Non- Personal Information. We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose as below:
• 1 To personalize user experience- We may use your Non- Personal Information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our Users;
• 2 To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and modify the Applications and develop new services.
• 3 To further develop business. We may use Non- Personal Information for promotion and marketing purposes.
2. Location Data
Some of the apps may request your Location data for a functional purpose. We may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. We do NOT provide your Location data for advertising networks and third parties.
3. Third party terms and conditions
Please note that your access to and use of the apps may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies. You recognize and agree that we is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and any third party’s use of your Personal data. Here are links to the privacy policies of a few of the distributors we use:
Google -
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
4. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
We disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other legal processes as well as to establish/exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will share Personal data and Non-personal data in order to investigate, prevent or take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.
5. Ad serving Technology
We may disclose Non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect Non-personal data through their own embedded technology. In order to deliver ads to you, the third-party advertising companies may place or recognize unique cookies, anonymous identifiers or similar technology for non-personally identifiable information. If you would like more information, please follow the link below:
AdMob -
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
6. Refund policies
You can get refund as follow Google Play policy - https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2479637#policy.
After 48 hours from purchasing time, we will not refund for any purchasing transactions.
7. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time. You must review this Policy on a regular basis to keep yourself apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
7thgenerationgames@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse