mHealhtBox.com - contract, safety and privacy policy
Privacy Policy and Contract Terms and Conditions
Security
Privacy Policy
Contract Terms and Conditions
All versions
2016-07-04
PRIVACY POLICY
The subject matter of this Privacy Policy is in regards to the principles of collection and use of data concerning 
the Users of mobile applications and web services included as part of the mhealthbox.com platform
(
see the list
).
bpresso.com - blood pressure under control
asthmo.com - take a deep breath
dbees.com - diabetes under control
scaless.com - manage your weight
As part of the provided service, the Service Provider makes every effort to ensure the safety of available data, in particular against access by unauthorised persons.
The Use of the Services requires that the User's personal data is processed. 
This data shall be processed by Freshware Sp. z o.o. so as to conclude and implement the Terms of Agreement.
To ensure the safety of available data, in particular against access by unauthorised persons,
all content related to health conditions is made anonymous and processed in a manner preventing 
identification of those making this data available.
Information contained in the system logs 
may contain various data, e.g. IP address, which is used 
only for technical purposes as well as for collection of general statistical demographic information.
Some areas of the service use cookie files, namely text files saved on the User's computer identifying him or her in a way necessary to make some operations available.
Cookie files are used, among others, to save data necessary for logging in the User. 
The condition for enabling cookies is their acceptance through the web browser and keeping them on the hard drive.
The Service Provider makes every effort to provide the User with access to his/her personal data in order to correct or remove. 
Owing to the type of operation of some of the Services, after removal of information by the User, 
additional copies of such information may remain on active servers and in backup systems.
Operation of the website may be financed from advertisements, therefore, advertisements, 
surveys and promotional offers may be displayed both on the website and within the application. 
These advertisements may be associated with the content of information kept on the website and 
in the application or within the inquiries addressed via the website.
In the case of undertaking technical activities necessary for provision of service, the User's data may be made available to other entities for the purpose of providing services.
Transaction data, including personal data, may be transferred to PayLane Sp. z o.o. based in Gdańsk at Arkońska 6/A3, 
postal code: 80-387, KRS No.: 0000227278 for the process of payments for the Services. 
The User has the right to access the content of their data and amend where needed. Data sharing is voluntary, and, at the same time, 
necessary to make use of the Services. At the same time, the Service Provider informs that it does not keep transaction data of the Users 
(numbers of payment cards, numbers of bank accounts) entered in order to purchase the Premium Services.
The Users' personal data may be processed by Freshware Sp. z o.o. for the needs of 
direct marketing of goods or services offered by the Service Provider, 
and the User holds the right to object to such processing.
Questions concerning this Privacy Policy should be addressed to the e-mail address: support@mhealthbox.com.
This website uses cookies, by remaining on it, you consent for their use. More details available in our (
Privacy Policy
).
Continue