Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
DynamicApps built the Internet Speed Meter Lite app as a free android app. This APPLICATION is provided by DynamicApps at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Application.
If you choose to use our
Application
, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the
Application
. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our
Application
, we may require you to provide us with information related to your device. We do not collect personal information such as your name, address, or contact details. Your privacy is of utmost importance to us, and we are committed to ensuring the security of your personal data.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the
Application
may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, advertising identifiers, and information about the way you use the
Application
. We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous user statistics, and AppLovin for serving advertisements. Usage of these services are governed by the Privacy policies available at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Location Data
One of the features of our Application is to show the connected WiFi SSID in the notification bar. Starting from Android Oreo 8, android apps are required to ask for location permission to access the WiFi SSID information. Internet Speed Meter Lite asks for location permission if a user wants to display the WiFi SSID information in the notification bar. This is an optional feature and the user can decide to not provide the location permission and continue to use the app without the WiFi SSID display feature.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
For users in the European Union (EU), please note that by using this Application, you consent to the processing of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. Your Personal Information will be processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Does Internet Speed Meter Lite collect any precise or approximate real-time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect any precise or
approximate
information about the location of your mobile device.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at speedmeterapp@gmail.com.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse