Privacy Policy | Smartprix
Login
Login
Signup
More
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Telegram
Android App
Mobiles
Laptops
TVs
Cars
Mobiles
Tablets
Laptops
TVs
Electronics
Cameras
Smart Watches
Fitness Bands
Gaming Consoles
Appliances
ACs
Refrigerators
Washing Machines
Air Coolers
Geysers
Air Purifiers
Computers
Laptops
Computers
Monitors
Printers
Accessories
Headphones And Earphones
Memory Cards
External Hard Disks
Cars
News
Deals
Amazon Hub
PRIVACY POLICY
Smartprix's Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect and use the personal information you decide to
share, and help you make informed decisions when using Smartprix.com.
By using or accessing Smartprix, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
If you have questions regarding this statement, you can send us email to
contact@smartprix.com
The Information We Collect
When you enter Smartprix, we collect your browser type and IP address. This information is gathered for all Smartprix
visitors. In addition, we store certain information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data stored on
the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies for several purposes.
Any improper collection or misuse of information provided on Smartprix is a violation of the Smartprix Terms of Service
and should be reported by sending us an email.
Email Policy
We
NEVER
(without your permission) disclose your email to any 3rd party unless it is a legal matter.
We
NEVER
send any spam emails, or will ask for your password. You can choose to stop all emails
from us by sending an email to
unsubscribe@smartprix.com
. We at Smartprix
take spamming very seriously, and don't send email to someone that doesn't want them to receive.
Contacts/Personal Data Policy
Your contacts information, personal data is not shared with any 3rd party without your permission unless it is a legal matter.
You can opt out from any promotional activity from Smartprix any time by sending an email to
unsubscribe@smartprix.com
.
Third Party Advertising
Advertisements that appear on Smartprix are sometimes delivered (or "served") directly to users by
third party advertisers. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. These third party
advertisers may also download cookies to your computer, or use other technologies such as JavaScript and
"web beacons" to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Third party advertisers
have no access to your contact information stored on Smartprix unless you choose to share it with them.
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Smartprix and does not cover the use of cookies or other
tracking technologies by any of its advertisers.
Usage of Information Collected
We may use the information we collected to fulfill your requests for products and services, to show you products and services
that might be relevant to your interests, to analyze the data for helping us improve our products and services, to identify any
misuse of our services, and to enforce our terms of services.
Deletion of Your Data
You can request the deletion of your account and personal data at any point of time by sending us an email at
contact@smartprix.com
. Note that you won't be able to access your account anymore
after deletion. We may also retain some data related to your account for the purposes of legal compliance.
Terms of Use, Notices and Revisions
Your use of Smartprix, and any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all
of its dispute resolution provisions including arbitration, limitation on damages and choice of law. We reserve the right to
change our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect
immediately, and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on this site. If we make changes, we will
post them and will indicate at the top of this page the policy's new effective date. If we make material changes to this
policy, we will notify you here, by email, or through notice on our home page. We encourage you to refer to this policy
on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.
Copyrights and Trademarks
All content, graphics, format, design, the user interface and other copyrighted material on the Site are protected by
copyright law and other intellectual property laws, and are owned by Smartprix and/or free licensors (as the case may be).
The materials from the Site are only available for informational and non-commercial offline use, provided that: the materials
are not modified in any way; all copyright and other proprietary notices and markings are retained and reproduced in
their entirety on any copy made from any material on the Site; and Smartprix has, in its sole discretion, given its prior
written approval to such use of the Site's materials. Any requests to re-use the Site's materials should be sent to:
admin@smartprix.com
Copyright © 2011-2024
Smartprix.com
. All rights reserved.
Categories
Mobile Phones
Tablets
Cars
Earphones
Laptops
TVs
Cameras
ACs
Fridge
Washing Machines
Trimmers
Deals
Mobile Brands
Samsung Mobiles
Redmi / Mi Mobiles
Realme Mobiles
Vivo Mobiles
Motorola Mobiles
OnePlus Mobiles
Oppo Mobiles
Apple iPhones
Infinix Mobiles
Poco Mobiles
Tecno Mobiles
Nokia Mobiles
Mobile Lists
Smartphones
5G Mobiles
4G Mobiles
New Mobiles
Upcoming Mobiles
4GB RAM Mobiles
6GB RAM Mobiles
Android Mobiles
Fingerprint Phones
Waterproof Mobiles
5000 mAh Mobiles
Keypad Mobiles
About
About Smartprix
Team
Jobs
Contact Us
Help
Tools
Find A Mobile
Compare Mobiles
Latest News
Copyright © 2024,
Smartprix.com
. All Rights Reserved
Contact Us
•
Privacy Policy
•
Terms of Services