Data Protection Information | Home Connect
Cookie-Settings
[global.cookielawextended.txt.headline]
If you click on "Accept", you allow us to record your usage behavior on this website. This allows us to improve our website and personalize advertising for you.
If you click on "decline", we will only use session cookies to improve user-friendliness and measure statistical reach.
[global.cookielawextended.txt.firstparagraph]
[global.cookielawextended.txt.secondparagraph]
View cookie information
Data Protection Information
Accept
Decline
[global.cookielawextended.btn.save]
[global.cookielawextended.btn.cancel]
[global.cookielaw.txt.checkbox.performance]
[global.cookielaw.txt.checkbox.targeting]
[global.cookielaw.txt.checkbox.thirdparty]
Show more
[global.cookielaw.txt.headline.performance]
[global.cookielaw.txt.description.performance]
[global.cookielaw.txt.headline.targeting]
[global.cookielaw.txt.description.targeting]
[global.cookielaw.txt.headline.thirdparty]
[global.cookielaw.txt.description.thirdparty]
Skip to content
You are using an outdated browser with security vulnerabilities or a browser for which we cannot guarantee the use of all functions of this website. we recommend that you bring your browser up to date. Thank you for your Understanding.
Select your local website
Home Connect App
Close
Search
Home
Overview
Home
Discover
Smart Home Appliances
Appliances overview
Oven
Fridges & Freezers
Coffee Machine
Cookit
Cooker Hood
Hob
Dishwasher
Washer
Dryers
Close
Works with
See all Home Connect Partners
Smart Home
Smartwatches
Voice Assistants
Food & Recipes
Shopping & Ordering
Connected Devices & Services
Energy Management
Become a Partner
Close
Help & Support
See Help & Support overview
FAQ
Connection guide
Benefit finder
Error Codes
Partner Services
Contact & Service
SingleKey ID
Close
Search
Legal notice
Data Privacy
Reporting Vulnerabilities
...
Data Protection Information
Introduction and general information
1. About us and our website
We, BSH Hausgeräte GmbH, Carl-Wery-Strasse 34, 81739 Munich, operate this website. Please use the contact information provided on the Company
Information page
to contact us.
2. Our guiding principles
We take protecting your information very seriously. Your data is therefore processed with great care and in strict compliance with applicable data protection law. Organisational and technical security measures have been taken to protect all of our websites against the risks present in processing personal data. Our partners who support us in the provision of this website must comply with these provisions as well.
3. What we log as standard
You can use all the areas of our website that are not access-protected without disclosing your identity. We log every use of our website as standard in order to remedy faults and clarify security incidents. You can find more about our log data in the section "How we process your data".
4. Which permissions do we have to process your data
We respect your privacy. Consequently, we only process your data when we are permitted to do so. It goes without saying that you can also give us permission to process your data by opting in to data processing on our website. In other cases, we process your data because we are permitted to do so by law. If, for example, you place an order through our website, we are permitted to process your data in order to fulfil that contract. The same applies when you make use of other services on our website that require your data to be processed. We are also permitted to process your data when we have a legitimate interest in doing so. One example of this is the log data that we collect in order to ensure that our website can be operated without defects, amongst other things. In any case, we will inform you if any relevant processing of your data takes place, and your interests are taken into consideration each time that data is processed as a matter of course. In the event that you have cause for complaint, you can find your rights regarding the processing of your data in the latter section of this Data Protection Information.
The permissions we make use of, and when, are outlined in the following section. You can find more detailed information on how your data is collected, processed and used on our website (i.e. the type, scope and purpose of data processing) in the same section.
What else you should know:
Users below the age of 16 should only transmit personal data to us with the consent of their parent or legal guardian. The data protection law that applies may result in different age limits in this regard.
Our website may contain links to other websites. We have no influence over how your data is processed on these websites or their compliance with provisions on data protection. Please note any Data Protection Information they provide.
Data processing on the website
How we process your data (logs, cookies, tracking, etc.)
1. Presentation of the website, log data
In order to display the website on your internet browser, we use various technical devices to ensure that all content (text, images, video, etc.) is always up to date. To ensure that your user experience, in particular the loading speed of the website, is improved at all times, we also use technical service providers who enable us to provide the content required for the presentation of the website (so-called "Content Delivery Networks" or CDN). These technical CDN service providers act on our behalf and are bound to our instructions by corresponding agreements. The data collected in this way will only be used to display the contents of the website in your internet browser and will be deleted immediately after intermediate storage within the scope of delivery.
For technical reasons, each time your internet browser accesses our website it automatically sends information to our web server (i.e. log data). We store some of this information in log files, such as:
• date of the access
• time of the access
• URL of the website
• version of the HTTP protocol used.
• files accessed
• volume of data transferred
• internet browser type and version
• type of the operating system
• IP address (anonymised)
The aforementioned log data does not contain personal data. We only analyse log data event-driven when required, especially in order to remedy faults in the operation of our website or clarify security incidents. We store this log data indefinitely.
In addition, it may be necessary for us to collect the full IP address of the device as well as log data in order to remedy faults or preserve evidence relating to security incidents. We delete this data once the fault has been remedied or the security incident has been clarified in full, or if the original purpose of the processing no longer exists due to other factors. In the event of a security incident, we will transmit log data to the investigating authorities on a case-by-case basis, to the extent permitted and necessary.
We store such log data separately from other data collected that relates to the use of our website.
2. Contacting us
If you contact us outside of a concrete contractual relationship (e.g. for an order) or a registration, we provide various, also purely technical contact possibilities via our websites, including the possibility to contact us e.g. via (automated) chat.
In order to be able to process your specific request when making such contact, we may ask you to provide personal data. This includes, for example, your name and email address and other information such as the subject of your request and your message. Optional postal address and/or telephone number can be given. We collect the information requested in order to be able to deal with your request in an appropriate way.
The personal data transmitted to us in this way are used exclusively for the purpose for which you provide them to us when contacting us - in particular the processing of your request. The data will not be used for other purposes or passed on to third parties without your express consent. Excluded from this are - insofar as it is necessary to fulfil your request - the persons and companies (e.g. local service company) involved in carrying out the communication and answering the request. If there are no legal storage obligations, your personal data will be deleted after the request has been processed.
Show more
3. Newsletter
Our website provides the option of subscribing to our newsletter. We use a double opt-in process to verify whether the owner of an e-mail address has actually registered to receive the newsletter. The newsletter is only successfully subscribed to if the owner of the e-mail address has expressly confirmed the activation of the newsletter by clicking on the link in the confirmation e-mail. We log the completion of the individual stages of the double opt-in process for evidence purposes.
As part of our newsletter campaigns, we use analysis tools to tailor our newsletter to your needs, for advertising purposes and for market research. For this purpose, we collect and process data about your use of our email newsletter. When you open an email newsletter from us, a file contained in the email (so-called web beacon) connects to our servers. This enables us to determine whether an email newsletter has been opened and, if so, which content has been clicked. In addition, we collect technical information about your end device with which the contents of the email newsletter are retrieved (e.g. time of retrieval, browser type and operating system). We use this data exclusively for statistical analysis of our newsletter campaigns.
If you subscribe to receive our newsletter, and therefore consent to it being sent to you, your details are solely used in order to send you the newsletter and analyse your use of the email newsletter. You can withdraw this consent at any time. The relevant link is included in each copy of our newsletter. We will make a note of the fact that you have unsubscribed from the newsletter in our database.
Show more
4. Participation in raffles/contests
When you register for a raffle/contest, we store and use the information you provide in order to run the raffle/contest and complete any follow-ups. The data we collect for this purpose depends on the registration form on the event page in question.
Your information is deleted once it is no longer required to run the raffle/contest or complete any follow-ups.
Show more
5. Participation in surveys/reviews
We conduct surveys on our website. In general, these surveys are carried out anonymously. If we as an exception do collect your data in the course of a survey, the information you provide will be stored and used by us for the purpose of conducting and following up the survey. Which data we collect for this purpose results from the survey itself. Your data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for the survey and follow-up.
You can also create reviews for some products on our website. The data we collect for this purpose can be found on the form provided for this purpose. In this case, special regulations apply, which will be announced to you separately in the course of the submission of the evaluation. For the management of reviews we use a service provider.
Show more
6. Our Social Media Pages
The protection of your privacy when processing personal data is important to us. We process personal data transmitted to us, which is collected during your visit to our respective social media page (e.g. Facebook Fanpage, Instagram/Pinterest Page), confidentially and only in accordance with the statutory provisions.
Responsible for the processing of your data via our social media site is the respective operator of the social media site (see examples below) together with us. As far as the processing of these data takes place within our area of responsibility, we are available to you in all questions concerning data protection and the exercise of your rights in accordance with the information in this data protection information.
Data processing by the Social Media Service
The social media service processes your personal data as soon as you use our respective social media site. Processing is linked, for example, to the following usage processes:
• View a page or post or video from a page
• Subscribe or unsubscribe to a page
• Mark a page or post with "I like" or "I don't like anymore" or similar functions
• Recommend a page in a post or comment
• Comment on, share or respond to a page post (including the type of response)
• Hide a page contribution or report as spam
• From another site, click on the social media provider or from a Web page outside the social media provider on a link that leads to the page.
• Move the mouse over the name or profile picture of a page to see a preview of the page contents.
• Use functions of the social media provider, such as the website, phone number, "plan route" button or any other button on a page.
• The information whether the login is made via a computer or a mobile device.
You can find out which personal data is collected by the social media provider, how it is processed and which data protection rights you have vis-à-vis the social media provider in the following data protection guidelines of the social media provider. We have no influence on the data processing by the social media provider.
Data processing by us
On the website provided by us via the social media provider, the social media provider grants us access to the following data categories:
• The social media provider grants us access to statistical analyses that provide information about the use of our social media website. The analyses visible to us do not allow us to individually analyze the usage behavior of individuals. We can only view aggregated data (such as number of hits, likes, followers, region of origin, age group, gender, etc.) that tells us about our audience and the use of our social media site. The data of the respective user on which the analyses are based are not transmitted to us.
• We can set the target group to be reached for the social media website or for individual published articles. The setting is based on general parameters (e.g. age group, language, region, interests) that can be used to align our content with specific groups. It is not possible for us to address or identify individual persons on the basis of the data provided to us by the social media provider.
• If you contact us directly via the social media provider or interact with us in any other way and consciously transmit personal data (e.g. direct networking with our social media website), we store and process this personal data for the purposes for which you transmitted it to us.
• We process this data exclusively for the purpose of making content on our social media website known to the target group and to better understand and optimise the use of our social media website.
In addition, we cannot influence the data processing (for the provision of this data upstream) by the social media provider.
Which personal data is collected from the respective social media provider in detail, how these are processed and which data protection rights you have vis-à-vis the respective social media provider, please refer to the following data protection guidelines of the respective social media provider:
a) Meta Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA; http://www.facebook.com/policy.php;
b) Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA; https://twitter.com/privacy. .
c) Instagram, provided by Meta Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland, https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
d) Pinterest Europe Ltd., Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
e) Snapchat for countries of the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland: SNAP GROUP LIMITED 7-11 Lexington Street, London, United Kingdom, W1F 9AF and for all other countries: SNAP Inc, 2772 Donald Douglas, Loop North Santa Monica, CA 90405 United States, USA.
f) LinkedIn for countries of the European Union (EU), the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland and for all other countries: LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 W. Maude Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA.
g) Xing SE, Dammtorstrasse 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany, https://privacy.xing.com/en/privacy-policy
Show more
7. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are stored in a special memory area of your browser. However, cookies cannot be used to start programs or transfer viruses to a computer. Cookies are set when you visit our website or a so-called pixel-code/web beacon causes a cookie to be set. However, cookies can only be read by the web server of the same domain from which they were originally set.
You can also view our website without cookies. Internet browsers are regularly set to accept cookies. In order to prevent the use of cookies by your internet browser, you can deactivate the use of cookies via the settings of your internet browser and delete cookies that have already been set. The help functions of your internet browser tell you how to deactivate and delete cookies in your browser. Please note that the deactivation/deletion of cookies may result in individual functions of our website no longer functioning as expected. Cookies, which may be required for certain functions of our website, are shown below. In addition, the deactivation/deletion of cookies only affects the internet browser used here. For other internet browsers, the deactivation/deletion of cookies must therefore be repeated accordingly.
In addition, there are various ways to prevent the setting of certain cookies either by selecting them in our tracking banner or individually to the respective service provider whose tools we use for certain purposes. We point out the latter possibility to you in direct connection with the respective tool.
Session cookies
As part of the provision of our websites, we use session cookies which we store on your device when you visit our website - regardless of your selection as part of the tracking banner - and which are always deleted automatically when you close the internet browser (i.e. close the program). This enables us to provide you with various functions on our website using the information in the cookies.
We use the following session cookies, which we use for certain functions, which do not contain personal data, for the following purposes:
• to ensure the failure free playback of video or audio content (for example, to play Vimeo or Youtube Videos);
• temporarily store certain user inputs (e.g. contents of a shopping basket or an online form);
• improvement of user-friendliness and statistical range measurement.
Session cookies, which we use for certain functions, with personal data:
• Session cookies that are used to temporarily identify or authenticate a user (e.g. by a session ID to temporarily save the contents of the shopping basket);
Session cookies are automatically deleted after the internet browser is closed, at the latest, however, at the end of the life-span of the respective cookie.
Persistent Cookies
Persistent cookies are cookies that remain stored on your device, even after you have closed your internet browser. We use the information in these cookies to provide you with convenient functions on our website (e.g. to save certain user preferences or for search or language settings), but also to collect your usage behaviour on our website and to use this information to improve our website (e.g. to detect errors) and to personalise advertising for you.
Persistent cookies with personal data to collect your usage behaviour are only processed with your consent, which you can give us the first time you visit our website via the tracking-banner displayed there. You can revoke your consent to the processing of your usage behaviour at any time by deleting all cookies set in your internet browser. In this case, however, it may be necessary to make a new decision about using cookies for the aformentonied purpose via the tracking-banner. You can also revoke your consent to individual web analytics/marketing tools, as shown herinafter.
Data from persistent cookies are stored until the end of the term of the respective cookie or until the cookies are deleted by you.
Show more
8. Web analytics using pseudonymised user profiles
We use web analytics tools for the purposes of advertising, market research and for user feedback on the design of our website (and, where applicable, the newsletter). For these purposes, we use analysis cookies and/or JavaScript to collect and process usage data about your visit to our website and your use of links in the newsletter (if available). The collection of your usage data and the creation of a usage profile from it is carried out using a cookie ID. Your IP address is either not collected or anonymised immediately after collection. Therefore, it is not possible to directly deduce your identity from the ID used.
You can find below additional information on the web analytics tools we and our partners use and how you can prevent or restrict the particluar web analytics tool from collecting and processing your data
Adobe Analytics (Adobe Marketing Cloud)
For web analytics we use Adobe Audience Manager und Adobe Tracking (“Adobe Analytics”) a service provided by Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd., 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Park, Dublin 24, Ireland ("Adobe. The information relating to your use of our website is transferred to Adobe servers, analysed and solely returned to us as cumulative data. This data allows us to identify trends in how the website is generally used. We do not conflate the resultant usage profiles with your name or any other details that could disclose your identity, such as your e-mail address. The usage data is stored by the service used for a maximum duration of 37 months from the date on which it was collected.
Opt-out:
Please use Adobe's opt-out website if you wish to prevent your usage data being collected. You can find information about how Adobe Analytics cookies work and the opt-out option via the following link:
http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
.
Adobe Test & Target
Adobe Test & Target (a service provided by Adobe Systems Software Ireland Ltd., 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Park, Dublin 24, Ireland „Adobe“) works on the basis of A/B tests. This means that the person using our website is shown a different version of the website from the original (e.g. with altered design and content). Comparing both versions provides us with information about which version of our website is preferred by users. When Adobe Test & Target is used, the only information relating to you that is processed cannot be used to identify you. IP anonymisation is also activated, meaning that your IP address is shortened before Adobe Test & Target carries out any further processing. We do not conflate the usage profiles resulting from this with your name or any other details that could disclose your identity, such as your e-mail address.
The usage data is stored by the service used for a maximum duration of 37 months from the date on which it was collected.
Opt-out:
Please use the following link if you wish to prevent your usage data being collected: http://bsh.tt.omtrdc.net/optout. You can find information about how Adobe Test & Target cookies work and the opt-out option via the following link: https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
Mouseflow
To improve our website and the services it offers, we record the mouse movements and clicks of randomly selected users of our website, whereatyour IP address is anonymised.
We use service provider Mouseflow ApS, Flaesketorvet 68, 1711 Copenhagen, Denmark for the purpose of collecting this usage data.
We do not conflate the resultant usage profiles with your name or any other details that could disclose your identity, such as your e-mail address. The usage data is deleted three months after the date on which it is collected.
Opt-out
: Please use Mouseflow's opt-out website via the following link if you wish to prevent this usage data being collected:
https://mouseflow.com/opt-out/
Adjust
Our website uses the tracking technology “Adjust”, a service provided by Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany ("Adjust"). For more information about their product and privacy policy, please visit: https://www.adjust.com/privacy-policy/. When you follow the links provided via our website and then launch the app after downloading it from the respective app-store, Adjust processes install and event data such as the website, you started the download from. This help us understand how our users are interacting with those links and to optimize and analyze our app attribution model. For such analysis, Adjust uses your mobile identifier like IDFA or Google Play Services ID, and your pseudononymized (hashed) IP- and possibly MAC address.
If you do not like to be tracked, you can choose at the start of the app, if you allow tracking or not. If you choose not to be tracked, even if the link out ouf this website is used, you will not be tracked.
Optimizely
For the purpose of user experience optimization, so-called A/B and multivariate tests are performed on this website from time to time. This service is provided by Optimizely Inc. (631 Howard Street, Suite 100, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States) on our behalf. Cookies are used for this purpose, which are transmitted to a server of Optimizely and stored there. Data Protection Information on Optimizely can be found here:
https://www.optimizely.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Opt-out: To deactivate Optimizely, you can follow the instructions at:
https://www.optimizely.com/legal/cookie-policy/
Show more
9. Marketing under use of “usage profiles”
We use various marketing tools on our website if you have given us permission to do so, e.g. by giving us your consent via the tracking banner. These marketing tools enable us to provide you with information about our products on our and other websites that may be of interest to you during your use of our website. For this purpose we collect and process your usage behaviour when visiting our website, such as the pages visited, navigation patterns, products purchased and similar data. The collection of your usage data and the creation of a usage profile from this data is carried out in a data-saving manner using a cookie ID or other technologies.
We also use marketing tools from partners. Our partners process your data on their own responsibility. Below you will find information on the technologies and partners used by us, as well as information on how you can prevent the collection and processing of data described above. We refer separately to marketing tools in our responsibility.
These marketing tools are based on the principle that we place ads that are relevant to users on our own sites and on third-party sites, that can improve campaign performance reports, and that prevent a user from seeing the same ads more than once. In addition, we can also record whether ad requests have been successfully played out (conversions). This is the case, for example, if a user sees an ad placed by us and later buys something with the same Internet browser on our website.
When you visit our website, your Internet browser automatically establishes a direct connection with the server of the respective service provider. Through this integration, the service provider receives the information that the relevant part of our website has been accessed or an advertisement has been clicked by us and transmits the corresponding evaluations to us.
If you are registered with a service of the respective service provider, this service provider can assign the visit to your account. Even if you are not registered with the relevant service provider or have not logged in, your IP address will be technically transmitted to the service provider as part of the aforementioned technical process, if necessary for the technical providing of the service. For example, some service providers also create a user profile for non-registered or not logged in users that is not associated with an account of the service provider on the basis of the transmitted data. You can avoid this if you do not access the corresponding content on our website (e.g. videos from third parties).
We also use technology to improve the quality of our ads. This includes that ads are only played out to users with a potential interest in our advertised products and services or to users with certain but abstract features (so-called "custom audiences").
Below we inform you about the providers of such marketing tools used by us, their data protection regulations and also about how you can - in relation to the respective providers - permanently prevent the collection of usage data. In addition, in order to prevent the use of cookies by your Internet browser, you can also deactivate the use of cookies directly via the settings of your Internet browser and delete cookies that have already been set. Please note that this measure does not delete user profiles already created by the provider, but only prevents the future collection of further user data.
Google Ad Server
We use the online marketing tool Google Ad Server (formerly DoubleClick) of Google LLC,1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google").
The usage data will be deleted after 540 days from the time of collection. For more information about DoubleClick, please visit https://www.google.de/doubleclick, or Google's privacy policy in general: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
We use online marketing tools from Google on our own responsibility. To this end, we have agreed with Google in a data protection agreement that our customers' data may only be processed on the basis of our instructions, may not be passed on to third parties and must be sufficiently technically protected.
Opt-out:
To permanently prevent the collection of usage data, Google offers a plugin for various Internet browsers: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. To disable only interest-based ads, you can block the use of third party cookies or cookies from the "www.googleadservices.com" domain or disable interest-based ads using this link at https://www.google.de/settings/ads
Facebook Pixels and Custom Audiences
We use the online marketing tools "Facebook Pixels and Custom Audiences" of Meta Inc. 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, and Meta Ireland Ltd. 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland, if you are resident in the EU ("Meta").
Meta processes your data under its own data protection responsibility as part of Meta's data usage policy. You can find information about Facebook ads and Facebook pixels with the following links: https://www.facebook.com/policy and https://www.facebook.com/business/help/651294705016616
Opt-out:
o permanently prevent the collection of usage data, please use the following link: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/. As a registered Facebook user, you can also set what types of ads are displayed to you within Facebook. Call the following link: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Google Ads & Remarketing
This website uses the online marketing tools "Google Ads & Remarketing" of Google LLC,1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). We use online marketing tools from Google on our own responsibility.
The cookies used in this service generally lose their validity after 30 days and are not intended to identify you personally. Google merely provides us with statistical evaluations. Google processes your information in accordance with Google's data usage policy. You can find more information with the following link: https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy
Opt-out:
To permanently prevent the collection of usage data, Google offers a plugin for various Internet browsers: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. To disable interest-based ads, you can block the use of third party cookies or cookies from the "www.googleadservices.com" domain or disable interest-based ads using this link at https://www.google.de/settings/ads Interest ads can also be deactivated via the link http://www.aboutads.info/choices if the provider has joined the self-regulatory campaign "About Ads".
Show more
10. Social networks and similar networks and services
Content from our website can be shared on social networks using integrated social media buttons. All social media buttons that facilitate the sharing of content are integrated using simple hyperlinks rather than social plugins developed by social network providers. This ensures that your details are not automatically transmitted to social network servers as soon as you access our website. In addition, when you share content from our website we only transmit the information to the social network that is required to share the relevant content (e.g. the link to the content you want to share). We do not transfer personal data in this context.
At the same time, simple links to our websites on social networks can be found as well. If you follow a link from our website to a social network, or if you log in to your social network in order to share content from our website, your data is processed by the provider of the social network in question.
If you are registered and signed in in other networks or services that require registration while using our website or individual functions (e.g. Vimeo, YouTube), the respective network/service may collect information about your use or adopt settings, such as videos played/playing status. However, this data is collected solely by the respective network/service in its own data protection responsibility and processed by the respective provider.
For information about the purpose and scope of data collection, further processing and use by the respective network provider, as well as your associated rights and settings options for protecting your privacy, please refer to the Data Protection Information made available at the website of the respective provider.
Show more
11. Cases where we transmit your data
We work together with a number of service providers to implement and operate our website. We have chosen these service providers carefully and concluded a data protection agreement with each individual service provider to keep your information safe.
The service providers we use to implement and operate our website are:
• Service provider for hosting services including associated technical services (e.g. performance control and measurement, content delivery networks)
• Service provider for the provision of additional functionalities for our website (e.g. product videos, flip catalogue Issu)
• Service provider for programming services
• Service provider for sales and marketing services
• Service provider for hotline services
We only transmit your data to other recipients where necessary to fulfil a contract with you, where we or the recipient has a legitimate interest in the disclosure of your data, or where you have given your consent to that transmission. In such cases, your data will be processed in accordance with the data protection regulations of the recipient of your data concerned. These recipients include service providers and other companies within our corporate group. Furthermore, data may be transmitted to other recipients in the event that we are obliged to do so due to legal provisions or enforceable administrative or court orders.
Other recipients of your data are:
• Forwarding agents for delivering/collecting products
• Payment processing service providers
• Receivables management service providers
Show more
12. Your point of contact for all questions relating to data protection
If you have any questions relating to data protection or exercising your rights, you can use the following contact information to get in touch with our data protection officer directly:
BSH Hausgeräte GmbH
Data Protection Officer
Carl-Wery-Str. 34
81739 Munich, Germany
Data-Protection-DE@bshg.com
Show more
13. Changes to this Data Protection Information
This Data Protection Information reflects the current state of data processing on our website. In the event of changes to data processing, this Data Protection Information will be updated accordingly. We always provide the latest version of this Data Protection Information on our website so that you can find out about the scope of data processing on our website
Show more
User rights
Supplementary information according to REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data, on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (GDPR)
1. Legal basis for data processing
We base the above data processing operations on
• a legal permit in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b of Regulation (EU) 2016/679:
– Registration on our website
– Shopping on our website
– Comfort registration (Social Sign-On Option)
– Arrange an online repair appointment
– Participation in raffles/contests
– Participation in surveys, reviews
– Participation in events
– Use our website as a business partner
• a legal permit in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f of Regulation (EU) 2016/679:
– Technical providing for the presentation of the website (e.g. Content Delivery Networks)
– Additional website functions (e.g. product videos, Issu flip catalogue)
– log data
– Contact us
– Arrange an online repair appointment (data processing for address verification)
– Use our website as Business Partner (Home-Delivery Option)
– Session cookies and persistent cookies for convenience features
– Session-based Statistics
• Your consent pursuant to Article 6(1)(a) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679:
– Dealer search with Google Maps
– Newsletter
– Persistent cookies for recording usage behavior
– Web Analysis & Marketing
 Adobe Analytics
 Adobe Test & Target
 Channel Sight
 mouse flow
 DoubleClick
 Facebook Pixels and Custom Audiences
 Google Ads & Remarketing
 Adjust
 Optimizely
Show more
2. Your rights
If you have any questions about your personal data, you will find a description of your rights below:
Exercise of your data protection rights
Please use the following contact channels for your requests:
I. Consumers: Please use the Consumer Data Request Webform on https://datarequest.bsh-group.com/
II. Dealer/supplier/service providers and its employees: Please contact our local sales or procurement department
III. Our employees: Please contact the local HR department
• Your right to information about your data: We will provide you with information about the data we hold about you on request.
• Your right to correct and complete your data: We will correct inaccurate information about you if you notify us accordingly. We will complete incomplete data if you notify us accordingly, provided this data is necessary for the intended purpose of processing your data.
• Your right to delete your data: We will delete the information we hold about you on request. However, some data will only be deleted subject to a defined period of retention, for example because we are required to retain the data by law in some cases, or because we require the data to fulfil our contractual obligations to you.
• Your right to have your data blocked: In certain legally determined cases, we will block your data if you would like us to do so. Blocked data is only further processed to a very limited extent.
• Your right to withdraw consent: You can withdraw consent given for your data to be processed with effect for the future at any time. The legality of processing your data remains unaffected by this up to the point at which your consent is withdrawn.
• Your right to object to the processing of your data: You can object to the processing of your data with effect for the future at any time, if we are processing your data on the basis of one of the legal justifications set out in article 6(1e or 1f) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679. In the event that you object we will cease processing your data, provided that there are no compelling and legitimate grounds for further processing. The processing of your data for the purposes of direct marketing never constitutes compelling and legitimate grounds for us.
• Your right to data portability: At your request, we can make certain information available to you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
• Your right to appeal to a regulatory authority: You can lodge an appeal pertaining to data protection with a data protection authority. To do so, contact the data protection authority responsible for your place of residence or the data protection authority under whose jurisdiction we fall (named below).
Transmission to recipients outside the EEA
We also transmit personal data to recipients based outside of the EEA, in so-called third countries. In this case, we ensure ‒ before any data is shared ‒ that either an appropriate level of data protection is maintained by the recipient (e.g. on the basis of an adequacy decision made by the EU Commission for the respective country or the agreement of standard EU contractual clauses between the European Union and the recipient) or that you have given your consent to said sharing.
We are happy to provide you with an overview of the recipients in third countries and a copy of the specific provisions agreed to ensure an appropriate level of data protection. To request this, please use the contact information provided in the Section “Your point of contact for all questions relating to data protection” this Data Protection Information above.
Valid from: 03.2023
Version: DPI_1_1_1e_EN
Show more
App Download
Get the entire Home Connect world for your smartphone and tablet.
Apple App Store (iOS)
Google Play Store (Android)
FAQ
You will find the answers to frequently asked questions here.
Connection Guide
Home Connect FAQ
Service
Get in touch. We're here for you.
Go to Contact
Become a partner
Establish good connections with Home Connect.
Find out more now
Home Connect
Overview
Home
Discover Home Connect
Smart Home Appliances
Works with
Support
Service
Overview
Customer Service
Press Center
Become a Home Connect partner
Overview
Developer Portal
© Home Connect GmbH
Legal notice
Data privacy
Report a vulnerability