Privacy Policy
Home
Mega Menu
Android Apps
About Us
Privacy Policy
We respect your preferences concerning the treatment of Information that we may collect. This Privacy Policy explains what kind of information we collect, use, share and the security of your information in relation to our mobile applications
("Applications" or "Apps")
and mobile services
("Services").
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.
BY INSTALLING THE APPS ON YOUR MOBILE DEVICE, ENTERING INTO, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE APPS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING TO THE POSSIBLE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR INFORMATION AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ON YOUR DEVICE. PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU OR, AS APPLICABLE, YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN, DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL, ACCESS AND/OR USE THE APPS AND YOU ARE REQUESTED TO PROMPTLY ERASE THEM, AND ANY PART THEREOF, FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE
1. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with a safe, efficient and customized experience and to provide you with Services and features that better meet your needs or requests.
• Personal Information :
We do
NOT
collect any Personal Information about you.
"Personal Information"
means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.
• Non-Personal Information :
We collect non-personal information about your use of our Apps and aggregated information regarding the usages of the Apps. "Non-Personal Information" means information that is of an anonymous nature, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Applications.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
• Personal Information :
Since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your Personal Information in any way.
• Non-Personal Information :
Generally non-personal information is used internally to monitor and improve the Services, to perform analyses of the behavior of our users, to measure user demographics and interests, to describe our services to third parties such as advertisers and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
3. HOW WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
• Personal Information :
We do
NOT
collect and share Personal Information in any way.
• Non-Personal Information :
We accept advertisements from Third Parties ad networks which may be displayed in our Apps. We may share certain information with third-party advertisers, ad networks and ad platforms
("Advertising Entities")
to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Apps. We may also allow Advertising Entities to collect non-personal information within the Services which they may share with us, including your device identifier, device type, device brand, device model, network type, device language, and IP address. Advertising entities may also collect non-personal information related to the performance of the advertisements, such as how many times an advertisement is shown, how long an advertisement is viewed, and any click-through of an advertisement.
4. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
In general, the Applications, the Services and the Site access third party information (such as your Facebook account information) through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our Users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Web sites does not imply endorsement of such third party Web site by us.
• Google Admob:
AdMob is one of the world’s largest mobile advertising platforms and claims to serve more than 40 billion mobile banner and text ads per month across mobile Web sites and handset applications. Their privacy policy can be found here:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543
;
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/7665968
.
• Google's EU user consent policy:
The policy reflects certain requirements of two European privacy laws: the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the ePrivacy Directive. The ePrivacy Directive should not be confused with the proposed ePrivacy Regulation, currently under discussion. These laws apply to end users in the European Economic Area (EEA). The EEA comprises the EU Member States and Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. Their privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.google.com/about/company/user-consent-policy.html
.
• Facebook:
The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook.
• Facebook Audience Network:
Three ad units are available within FAN: banner, interstitial, native. Banner ads are traditional pop-ups at the bottom of the screen whereas interstitial ads fill up the entire screen. The native ad offering is unique to the actual experience of the app. Expect Facebook to add more unique ad types down the road like auto-play video ads or even offer claims. Their privacy policy can be found here:
https://developers.facebook.com/policy/
.
Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies:
To provide our apps/games, Websites and interest-based advertising, we use ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies. This section describes our use of these technologies and how you can manage your preferences.
Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies are used by us to provide our Services to you and in order to collect data from your device. These technologies allow us and our third party advertising partners to:
•
recognise you and your device;
•
provide interest-based advertising to you;
•
allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);
•
allow us to understand how you interact with our websites (for example, where we use cookies such as the Google Analytics cookie on our Websites);
•
allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions;
•
and enable us and third parties to provide you with more customized services, for example to provide our Services in the correct language.
How do ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies work?
Ad identifiers
are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising (the ‘IDFA’), which are uniquely associated with your device. Similar technologies include tracking pixels within ads. These technologies allow companies (including marketers and advertisers) to recognise your device when you use websites and applications.
Cookies
are small text files that are stored by your browser on your desktop computer or mobile device. You can withdraw your consent to cookies by updating the settings within your browser.
How to adjust your preferences for interest-based advertising
You can choose to prevent your device's ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising, or you can reset your device's ad identifier, by changing the settings of your device. Settings vary from device to device but you will usually find the ad identifier settings under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings.
5. WHAT ARE MY OPT-OUT RIGHTS?
There are multiple opt-out options for users of our apps:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by our apps easily by uninstalling them. You may use the standard uninstall processes which may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers: you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by:
Following the third party instructions directly:
For Google (AdMob) please visit
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html
Activating “Do Not Track Settings” in mobile phone
The providers of advertising services are bound to comply with “Do Not Track” settings in mobile phones, but we cannot provide any guarantees on their behalf. We provide no guarantees regarding the information provided prior to opting out. Some providers may have additional opt-out mechanisms implemented.
If you turn on “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOS device or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads” on your Android device, you can restore interest-based ads by turning the settings off. When you opt out, you may still see the same number of ads on your mobile device; however, these ads may be less relevant because they won’t be based on your interests. Our advertising partners may continue to serve you ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related to the content of the application you are using.
Your Android mobile device may provide a “Limit Ad Tracking” or “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising” setting. When you have opted out using this setting on a device, our partners will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests, or to serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can find the setting for your mobile device by following the directions below, or contact your device provider.
The reason for switching from device IDs to Advertising Identifier is that advertisers are able to use this identifier only for advertising and for no other purpose, while users can choose to opt out of tracking via the settings of mobile phone. Advertising Identifier is an anonymous identifier for advertising purposes which enables users to reset their identifier or opt out of interest-based ads. The parties participating in advertising are obligated to follow users’ choice for opting out of tracking according to the app store guidelines.
ANDROID DEVICE
For Android devices with OS 2.2 and up and Google Play Services version 4.0 and up: Open your Google Settings app > Ads > Enable “Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising”.
6. LEGAL BASIS FOR THE PROCESSING
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Whether our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, is to be based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
7. THE LEGITIMATE INTEREST PURSUED BY THE CONTROLLER OR BY A THIRD PARTY
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
8. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT
We reserve the right to share your information with third parties if we believe such action is necessary in order to:
(A)
conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served upon us;
(B)
protect or defend our legal rights or property
(C)
investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or violations of the terms and conditions of using our Apps and Services.
9. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
We do not disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, unless you first affirmatively agree to that disclosure.
California Civil Code Section
1798.83
permits user who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information with respect to your privacy rights under California law, you may contact us at the contact point below. Please reference your request as
"California Disclosure Information."
10. CHILDREN
We do not use our products to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
universalappsstudio@gmail.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
11. SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
12. SECURITY
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
13. PERMISSIONS
UniversalAppsStudio
needs permissions for different features of your device to support the app features to assist you with best app experience. All the permissions needed in the entire app are listed below with detailed description about the purpose of the permission needed.
Internet/Wifi/Network Connectivity
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
This permission is normal permissions, which means they're granted at install time and don't need to be requested at runtime. If available some
ads
will show in the entire app uploaded by us.
Alarm
com.android.alarm.permission.SET_ALARM
This permission is needed by the app to users can  access device default alarm app and modify time and date during set the current audio as alarm tones.
Camera/Video
android.permission.CAMERA
This permission is needed to capture images or video in the app. Users can modify it by
Photo Frames & DP Maker
apps and save it or share on social platforms.
Phone State
android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
This permission is needed by the app for stop playing audio during phone calls.
Read/Write Contacts
android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS
This permission is needed by the app to users can set audio as ringtones into selected contacts within the phone contacts.
Read/Write External storage
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
This permission is needed by the app to get support for saving the files in the external storage available. This will also enable app to read the files generated by the app.
Read/Write Internal storage
android.permission.READ_INTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.WRITE_INTERNAL_STORAGE
This permission is needed by the app to get support for saving the files in the internal storage of device. This will also enable app to read the files generated by the app.
Wallpaper/Wallpaper Hints
android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER
android.permission.SET_WALLPAPER_HINTS
This permission is normal permissions. This permission is needed by the app so that users can set the current app wallpapers on device background.
Write Settings
android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
This permission is needed by the app to users can set the current audio as ringtones, alarm tones, or notification tones in device.
14. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on
https://universalappsstudio.blogspot.com/p/privacy.html
. Your continued use of the Apps and Services following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.
15. YOUR CONSENT
By using our services and products, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
16. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Apps, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
universalappsstudio@gmail.com
.
Last update: February 08, 2023
Ganesh Ringtones & Sounds : Android App
May 20, 2021
NewYear Photo Frames, DP Maker : Android App
December 20, 2019
Flashlight Super LED Torch : Android App
February 05, 2020
Diamond Photo Frames & DP Maker : Android App
December 20, 2019
Bajrang Baan & Hanuman Ashtak : Android App
May 19, 2021
{getWidget} $results={5} $label={recent} $type={list1}
Categories
Aarti
(2)
Android App
(16)
Calculator
(1)
Chalisa
(2)
Devotional
(7)
DP Maker
(3)
Flashlight
(1)
GST Calculator
(1)
Hindi Ringtones
(2)
Mantra
(2)
Photo Frames Editor
(3)
Ringtones
(4)
Tools
(9)
Welcome to UniversalAppsStudio, your number one source for Devotional Android App. We're dedicated to providing you with the best of Devotional Apps on google play store.
© 2023 UniversalAppsStudio. All rights reserved.
Home
Apps
About Us
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
संपर्क फॉर्म