Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 26 Jun 2021
Welcome to the Vidsky application (“Vidsky”,” “we," or “us"). Vidsky is committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors, users and others who access our application ("you,” or "Users”). This Privacy Policy applies to the Vidsky mobile app (collectively, the "Vidsky App” or our "App”). This Privacy Policy applies only to the practices of companies we own, control, or are united with under common control. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to information (including personal information) collected through the Gajrup Apps Service.
If you have any questions about this Policy, or have any complaints or suggestions, please contact us via the methods as described in this Policy. This policy will help you understand the followings:
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Generally, we collect personal information from our users in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience. The categories of information we may collect include:
Information you provide:-
We may collect and store personal information you enter in our Service or provide to us in some other manner, including your name, username. In order to create, edit your video, the App accesses your photographs, videos and music library stored on your mobile device, on third party websites where they are stored, or other places they may be stored. We may also collect any communications between you and Vidsky, as well as any information you provide if you take part in any interactive features of the App (e.g.contests, promotions, surveys, etc.).
User Content:-
We collect your personal information contained in any User Content you create, share, store or submit to the App, which may include photo, video or other image files, music works, sound recording, narration, information, data, text, provided or otherwise made accessible by Vidsky..
Information we receive from social networking sites:-
When you interact with our site through various social media, such as when you login and share through Facebook and others, we may receive information from the social network including your profile information, profile picture, user name, user ID associated with your social media account, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Service.
Metadata:-
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the App, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications, and permit you to share your creations on the App with your contacts or social media sites. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the App, technical and security notices). For more information about your communication preferences, see "Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below.
When you access our App by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device ("Device ID”), mobile carrier, device type and manufacturer, depending on your mobile device settings, similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
We collect the following permissions and corresponding information following the criterion of minimal data collection with your consent:
· Read and write external memory card: for reading and writing files on external memory card for video editing；
· Receive notification messages: used to receive messages;
· Gets the current network status: to alert users whether they are currently using the mobile network or determine whether a user's wifi network is available；
You can check the status of the above permissions in the system settings of your terminal device, and you can turn on or off any or all above permissions at your own discretion at any time. Please note that when you open any permission, it means that you authorize us to collect and use the personal information corresponding to the permission to provide you with the above corresponding services. Once you turn off any permission, it means that you cancel or revoke the authorization of the permission, and we will no longer continue to collect and use the corresponding personal information based on this permission.
2. SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the "Your Choices Regarding Your Information” section below.
We may also share your personal information with:
The public at your request. If you interact with our site or app on social media, for example by tagging your videos #Vidsky on Instagram, that piece of User Content will be linked to Vidsky on our website or social media profiles and Vidsky may display your User Content publicly;
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the "Your Choices Regarding Your Information” section below.
Third parties as required to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Use Agreement, including the investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Vidsky, its users or the public as required or permitted by law and (v) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.
We may also share information with others in an aggregated and anonymous form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
2. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Online Advertising and Tracking. We permit third parties, such as ad networks and analytics providers, to collect information about your use of our website over time, in order that they may display ads that may be relevant to your interests or provide us with enhanced demographic and analytic information about our users. Typically, the information we share with third party providers is provided through cookies or similar tracking technologies. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools.
Data Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. Following termination or deactivation of your account, Vidsky may retain information (including User Content) for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. Please contact us at  gajrupapps@gmail.com if you wish to deactivate your account. Please be aware that we will not be able to delete any content you have shared with others or with social media sites, nor can we remove cached content from search engines.
3.SECURITY OF INFORMATION
Vidsky cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
5. USER CONTENT.
All Content added, uploaded, submitted, distributed, posted to, or created using the Services by
users (collectively "User Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole
responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User
Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you represent that
any User Content you create using tools accessible on the Services does not infringe upon the
intellectual property rights of any third party and is otherwise in compliance with all applicable
laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed
by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage
or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any Content you
access on or through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.
6. AVAILABILITY OF CONTENT.
We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Site or through the
Services. We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove, edit, modify, or
block from the Services any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without notice to you
and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third
parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have breached
the final sentence of the immediately foregoing paragraph), or for no reason at all..
7.SECURITY OF INFORMATION
Vidsky cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
8.PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF 12
Vidsky does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 12years or knowingly allow such persons to register for the App. The App and its content are not directed at children under the age of 12 years and use by any person who is 12 years and above but below the relevant age of consent must be done with the consent and supervision of their parent/legal guardian. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 12 years or without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information collected from a child under 12 years, please contact us at  gajrupapps@gmail.com.
9. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Apps may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and social media sites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites.
10. FACEBOOK DATA DELETION INSTRUCTION
What data we are Processing and the Purposes :
- When you interact with our site through various social media, such as when you login and share through Facebook and others, we may receive information from the social network including your profile information, profile picture, user name, user ID associated with your social media account. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Service.
Delete your facebook profile data from application:
- Once you have loggined into the app using the facebook.
- Go to Profile tab into the app.
- Once you open profile tab you have see your profile picture, name and setting icons.
- Click on Setting icon will open new page.
- Click on Remove Account option it will delete your facebook profile data permenently from our server.
11.UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the "Last Revision" date below and will post the updated Policy on this page.
12. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or suggestions about this policy, or you need to do your data management power to manage your Privacy data, please feel free to contact us:
gajrupapps@gmail.com
If you find any violation of this policy, please feel free to contact our DPO:
gajrupapps@gmail.com
13. LAST REVISION DATE
This Policy was last revised on, and effective as of,Jun 26, 2021.