Privacy Policy – DBEST APP CREATORS
Skip to content
DBEST APP CREATORS
Menu
Text Widget
This is a text widget. The Text Widget allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use a text widget to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the
Customizer
.
Search for:
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to
dbest app creators
, and this Privacy Policy explains what information
dbest app creators
apps
collect, use, and protect your information.
What information
dbest app creators
apps use and how
dbest app creators
apps use it :
Read phone status and identity :
This permission allows to recognize an incoming / outgoing call and to switch between the User System interface and call interface or announces / shows the caller name while some one is calling, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Read your text messages (SMS or MMS) :
We do not save or upload your messages. We use this permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one is send you a message, you will identify it without looking to your smart phone.
Take pictures and videos :
This permission allows  to use your device’s camera to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash. We do not save or upload your photos/videos.
Approximate location (network-based) :
This permission allows  to identify and display your location on map or apps installed by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users’ location. This information is untraceable.
Read your contacts :
We not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when you search contacts in apps search bar.
Read calendar events plus confidential information :
This information is used only in the apps to remind you of your latest calendar events. We do not save or upload any of your calendar information.
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage :
This permission allows apps to delete app data(image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
Read the contents of your USB storage :
This permission allows apps to view app data(image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
Set an alarm :
This permission allows users to access the device’s alarm through apps clock widget.
Find accounts on the devices :
we does not recognize or save your account information for any programs. App only detects whether users have a Google account linked with the device which helps us confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application download and update methods.
Read Google service configuration :
This information is used to acquire advertising ID.
Change network connectivity :
This permission is used in apps settings and notification toolbar, in order to change/check network connectivity.
Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi :
This permission is used in apps settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi
Full network access :
This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including receiving update notifications or accessing app classification labels
View Wi-Fi connection :
This permission is used in  APPS settings and notification toolbar, in order to view Wi-Fi connections.
Draw over other apps :
This permission allows the apps  Free Swipe tab to be displayed as a floating window on other apps.
Control vibration
This permission allows apps  to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.
Set wallpaper :
This permission allows users to set a selected apps image as their wallpaper.
Modify system settings :
This permission is used in apps settings, in order to switch or adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
Photos⁄Media⁄Files :
Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage ,Test access to protected storage When user recommends friends to download our apps by sharing to social network, we need to save an introduction picture to be shared on SD card. We won’t access other file on SD card.
How we protect your information :
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
How we share your information :
We may retain third parties to perform services on our behalf and we may collaborate with third parties with respect to particular products or services. These third parties may be provided with access to the information needed to perform their functions, as long as they agree to keep the information confidential. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law, when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a regulatory requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of our users, the public or us.
Children’s Privacy :
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Make sure to check our privacy policy frequently, since it is subjected to change, and your continued use of the site is conditional to your acceptance of any modifications hereto. By using our site you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
We will be more than happy to hear any comments, questions or suggestions from you. Also, if you have any concerns regarding our privacy policy, feel free to email us at
dbestappcreators@gmail.com
Advertisement
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
DBEST APP CREATORS
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
DBEST APP CREATORS
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this: