AUS Apps Studios
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
AUS Apps Studios
Privacy Policy
AUS Apps Studios
Private Limited is committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information obtained from you during your visits to our website or while using our mobile application. Our aim is to safeguard the security and privacy of all users. This policy explains our information practices and the choices you can make about the way in which AUS Apps Studios collects and uses your information.
Use of Personal Data
Our website does not automatically capture or store personal data from visitors to the site other than to log the users IP address and host name, and session details such as the duration of the visit, pages visited and the nature of the browser used. This information does not identify you personally; it is used to help us diagnose problems with our data server, to administer our website, and to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of the site. For example, we may use this data to track which pages our users are visiting most often, or to determine which web browsers our visitors use. Any data that is collected will not be sold to any third parties for marketing parties.
Permissions
permissions (e.g. camera, microphone, accounts, contacts, Recording or phone) or user data, are just used within the app. No other site or server have access these user personal information for store perpose . These permissions are useful for accurate working of applications.
Use of Location Data
When you use our free mobile GPS applications, we may use GPS technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in order to determine the city you are located within and display a location map. We will not share your current location or any other location data with other users or partners without your permission.
For getting driving route and other places related information, we are using Google API services. For more information about their polices, you may visit google.
Cookies
A 'cookie' is a small data file that a website may send to your browser and that your browser may then store on your system.
AUS Apps Studios
does not utilize cookies in any area of the website so none will be stored in your browser as a result of navigating this site.
External Links
This privacy policy does not apply to third party websites that may be accessible through links from the
AUS Apps Studios
website. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply endorsement of their activities or products unless otherwise stated. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those third parties to learn how they collect and use information about you before using the site or providing any personal data about yourself.
Notification of Changes
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted here so that you will always know what information we are collecting online, how we use it and what choices you have.
Contact us:
Uoc.developer@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse