RV AppStudios - Games
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated October 18, 2022
RV AppStudios operates the https://www.rvappstudios.com website and the specialized in the publishing of mobile games and applications (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
If you have questions, comments, or concerns regarding privacy and data protection in general, please don't hesitate to contact RV AppStudios Data Protection Officer as indicated in the contact section of this policy.
Information Collection and Use:
When you install and use RV AppStudios applications, we collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
We May Collect Data:
To provide you with the services you asked for
Example: saving your game progress or applications settings
Improve, optimize and personalize our Services and our users' experiences either directly or through third party partners
Example: identifying that a feature is annoying for users or that a level is too difficult for most players
Display third party tailored advertisements based on the interests of our users
Example: Advertisements that are tailored for your interests may include banner ads on game boards or in Services, such as full-screen ads between moves or level change.
RV AppStudios collects user data for the purpose of its own internal analytics tools. Data is used for the sole purpose of an analytics tool and is not shared with any third parties. For all data processing activities that rely on users' consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time from the "settings" page in our various applications.
You may still see the same number of ads even after you withdraw your consent. However, these ads may not be as relevant and as per your interest like, before withdrawing consent. Our third-party advertising partners may continue showing you ads.
The Data We May Collect:
In order to give you the best experience in the use of the Service, RV AppStudios may collect some information.
We never sell your info to any 3rd party and make a good faith effort to protect your data.
The apps you are using
A unique identifier (Player ID which we generate from the game)
Other contextual data about your apps or games (like levels, saved settings)
Information about the device
                                 (type of connection, timestamp, system language, device model, available storage space, time zone, OS)
Who We Share Your Data With & Why?
We never sell and share your info to any 3rd party and make a good faith effort to protect your data.
In the scenario when the personal information is held by a third-party data controller, such as a payment processor or an advertising partner, we advise you to directly contact them as per their own privacy policies. We are using the following advertising networks and analytics tools.
Advertising Network:
AdColony:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AdMob Network:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Chocolate Platform:
https://chocolateplatform.com/privacy-policy/
Meta Audience Network:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Index Exchange:
https://www.indexexchange.com/privacy/
Media.net:
https://www.media.net/privacy-policy/
Mobfox:
https://www.mobfox.com/mobfox-legal/
OpenX:
https://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Pangle:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
PubMatic:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Rubicon:
https://rubiconproject.com/privacy/
Smaato:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
TripleLift:
https://triplelift.com/privacy/
Yieldmo:
https://yieldmo.com/adpolicy/
InMobi:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
Supersonic/IronSource:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Mopub:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Analytic Companies:
To monitor and analyze the use and performance of our services, we may take help of some third-party service providers.
Google Analytics:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Payments:
Apple Store In-App Payments:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
Google Play In-App Payments:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Galaxy Store In-App Payments:
https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy/
Microsoft Store In-App Payments:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/privacystatement
Amazon Store In-App Payments:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GX7NJQ4ZB8MHFRNJ/
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Social Network:
Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Purpose of Personal Data:
We will use the information you provide to create a profile of your interests so we can offer events & services based on your preferences. We would like to process your concerns and provide you with services and information, improve the layout and content of the pages of the App and customize them.
To provide, operate, support, and monitor the usage and performance of our services and develop our games and services.
To enhance user experience, customized gaming experience and improve our products, services
To create accounts and allow users to use our services and products with ease.
To serve advertisements and measure its effectiveness for users.
To conduct and enable online challenges and populate online leaderboards.
To help you find your friends and tell them about our apps and games.
To support gameplay on multiple devices as and when required.
To give updates about our applications and games.
To save game progress and data related to stats.
To recognize and troubleshoot difficulties with your games or account.
Survey your opinions through reviews and inquiries.
To send you confirmation and necessary information about the products and services that you are using.
To contact you by email, or push notifications to inform you regarding promotions, rewards, upcoming events, service, or security updates when required or necessary.
To answer and handle the questions and requests that you have sent to us.
Disclose to legal and lawful authorities if required to do so by law.
Storage, Security and Sharing:
Personal data collected, received and processed for the purposes described in this policy is not kept longer than necessary by RV AppStudios.
We never sell or share data to any third party services.
How Long We Keep Your Data
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or as necessary to comply with our business requirements and applicable laws; to comply with any legal, accounting or reporting obligations; to resolve disputes; to protect our assets; to efficiently run our business; and to enforce our agreements.
The only personally identifiable information we collect is when someone emails us for support through the app. We remove the email address from support every 90 days or after the purpose for which they were collected has been achieved.
We do not collect any information directly. While you may contact us, we encourage you to contact our third party providers listed in the privacy policy. If you have any questions or concerns please do contact us at the email provided.
Children's Privacy
Our services are not directed to children and we don't direct them to anyone under 13. We abide by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). If a user gets identified as a child under this prescribed age within the Services, RV AppStudios will not collect, store or use any information of such user. RV AppStudios also does not allow third party partners to access personally identifiable data from users under 13. Also, we may limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of EU users between 13 and 16.
Moreover, under any prior circumstances, RV AppStudios received personal information and discovered that it was provided by a child under the age of 13, RV AppStudios will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
Transfer of Data
We do not sell, trade, or rent users personal identification information to others.
Some of the partners and processors referred to in this policy are located outside of the European Union. We advise you to contact the third party data controller (an advertising partner or a payment processor) directly as per their privacy policies.
Your Rights Under GDPR Policy
You are at any time entitled to be informed of the personal data about you that we process, but with certain legislative exceptions. You also have the right to oppose the collection and processing of your data including profiling or decision-making.
Furthermore, you have the right to have your data rectified, edited, erased or blocked. Moreover, you have the right to receive information about you that you have provided to us. If you want us to update, amend or delete the personal data that we have recorded about you, wish to get access to the data being processed about you, or if you have any questions concerning the above guidelines, you may contact us.
1. Right To Request:
You have the right to request access into the data that we are processing on you, including information about:
the purposes of the processing, categories of personal data concerned are used. the recipients to whom the personal data will be disclosed.
the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored. Furthermore, you have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. Please note that the access may be restricted due to intellectual property or trade secrets.
2. Right To Object:
You have the right to object to your personal data processing on grounds relating to your particular situation.
In this case, we will cease the processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to the process of your personal data for direct marketing. We will cease the processing of data for this purpose after objection. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the App will cease automatically.
3. Right To Rectification And Erasure:
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified and erased. Furthermore, you can have your personal data where one of the following grounds applies:
the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
if you have withdrawn your consent, or objected to the processing and there are no legitimate grounds
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation, or it has been unlawfully processed.
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
If you want to review or delete personal information associated with your game account data, please submit a request through
legal_support@rvappstudios.com
Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the defense of legal claims.
4. Right To Withdraw Consent:
If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the data, unless there is any legal obligation to keep parts of your data. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
You can send us an email at
legal_support@rvappstudios.com
, to exercise your rights. We advise you to contact the third party data controller (an advertising partner or a payment processor) directly as per their privacy policies to get your personal information deleted when your information is with them. We respond to your request within 30 days. However, we may keep some information necessary for completing transactions that you have started before making a request to delete or update your personal information.
Your Rights Under CCPA Policy
If you’re a California resident, you have certain privacy rights under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Our California Privacy Notice specifies these rights:
1. Right to Know
You can request to know what all personal information we have collected, processed, and used about you. Before processing your request to know, we will confirm that it is you who is making this request.
2.  Right to Delete
You can request us to delete personal information about you that we have collected at any time. However, we may ask you to verify your identity to know that it is actually you who is requesting to delete your personal data before processing your request.
3. Right to Opt Out of Sale
You get the right to tell a business that sells your personal information to a third party to stop selling it and to also not sell it in the future.
4. Right to Non-discrimination
You also have the right under CCPA to not to be discriminated against for exercising the rights mentioned above.
We do not sell your info to any 3rd party and make a good faith effort to protect your data. We do not respond to Do Not Track signals. Some third party websites may keep track of your browsing activities. And, if you are going to those websites, you can choose your preference in your browser to be tracked or not tracked. Enable or disable DNT through the Settings Page of your browser.
If you want to review or delete personal information associated with your game account data, please submit a request via
legal_support@rvappstudios.com
. In the scenario when the personal information is held by a third-party data controller, such as a payment processor or an advertising partner, we advise you to directly contact them as per their own privacy policies to make sure your personal information is deleted. We respond to your request immediately, but in any event within the legal timeframe 45 days for more CCPA). We may need to keep some information to finish transactions that you have started before requesting to delete or update the information.
Changes To This Policy:
We update our Privacy Policy from time to time. And, after updating it we notify you regarding the changes in the Privacy Policy by putting a notice on our company’s website or in our products. We request you to go through our Privacy Policy periodically to know about the changes in our current privacy practices.
Contact Details:
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following email address:
legal_support@rvappstudios.com
Data Protection Officer - 848 N. Rainbow Blvd. #5467 Las Vegas, NV 89107, United States.
TERMS OF SERVICE
Effective Date: 18th October, 2022
Introduction:
These Terms of Service (Terms) govern your access to and use of our services including games, applications, websites and other services. Please read them carefully. By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you accept these terms, you represent that you are age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, then you represent that your parents or your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms of Services.
These terms are made available via the app store or platform that you download our Games such as the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, Amazon App Store, Windows Phone Store, Facebook or any related services related to our games. Your right to use the Services is subject to such relevant terms and policy.
Access or Use of the Services:
You agree to comply with the specific rules for each Game that you access or play. Those rules concern matters such as how to score points, how to control characters, what to do with resources etc. When made available, information about gameplay, features and functions inside our Games can be found in the Game descriptions on the app stores and platforms and on our website.
You understand that downloading or connecting to and playing our Games requires an Internet connection that you are responsible for. Your Internet service provider may charge you for gaining access to the Internet.
Purchases in the Services:
Our games are free to play, it contains in-app purchases and advertising. Our Games may include virtual currencies such as coin and gems (Virtual Money) or items or services for use with our Games (Virtual Goods). The balance of virtual goods or virtual currency does not contain real value. In-app purchases can be purchased with real money and you can turn off the payment feature in your device settings. Price and availability of Virtual Items are subject to change without notice.
If you choose to sign up for a subscription services, you can get exclusive offers and tons of free extras. VIP subscription is available on a weekly/monthly/yearly tier, which auto-renews. Payments will be charged to the user's Account at confirmation. Subscriptions automatically renew unless canceled at least 24 hours before the end of the billing cycle. Continuing subscribers will be charged weekly/monthly/yearly for renewal. Manage auto-renewal settings and payment methods by going to Account Settings on the device. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active subscription period. Unused portions of free trials will be forfeited upon purchase of a subscription.
Code of Conduct:
You shall download and connect to and play our Games only for your personal use and according to these Terms of Service, any app store and platforms terms and applicable law.
You shall only download and play our Games and acquire Virtual Items from the app stores and platforms that we make our Games available on, and only play our Games on devices and
                        platforms that we provide the relevant Game for.
You shall not interfere with our Games and gameplay inside our Games irrespective of whether or not this includes manipulation of the software, backend or networks. In particular and without limitation you shall not: create, offer or use hacks, cheats, exploits or any other unauthorized application, tool or command that modifies the Game or gameplay or circumvents technical protection measures in a way not intended by us.
If provision of information or data is required, you must provide all of these accurately and in full, and keep them up-to-date at all times.
Third-Party Services and Links:
We may link to third party websites or services from our Services. Your use of the Service may also include the use of applications that are developed or owned by a third party. Your use of such third party applications, websites, and services is governed by that party’s own terms of service or privacy policies. We encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third party application, website or service that you visit or use.
Account Information:
You may need to create an account to use some of our Services. When using the services, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Playing Games With Other Users:
Some of our Games allow you to play against an opponent or to play socially with other users. You may be able to choose to play against another user or to play socially with another user whom we selects for you. By accessing and/or playing our Games you agree that your display name, scores, avatar, country location, online/offline status and other related details may be displayed in any and all media (whether it exists now or in the future), for any purpose, in perpetuity, without any payment to you, including (without limitation) to other users in our games or within our marketing. You also understand and agree that other users may find you by searching for you with your email address. Please note that we will only show your display name publically, and not your email address; another user must already know your email address themselves in order to search for you.
Binding Arbitration / Class Waiver:
These provision regarding binding arbitration and class action apply to you if you are a resident in the United States of America or access, download and use our Games and other Services in the United States of America. You and us agree that there is no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures, there is no right or authority for any dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity or as a private attorney general, and no arbitration shall be joined with any other arbitration. Changes addressing new functions or made for legal reasons, we will notify you 30 days in advance of making effective changes to these terms that impact the rights or obligations of any party to these terms.
Suspension and Termination of Services:
We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) delete, suspend and/or modify your Account or parts of your Account; (ii) limit, suspend or terminate
                        access to the Services; (iii) modify or remove any Virtual Money or Items; (iv) reset and/or modify any game progression or benefits and privileges associated with you, such as any level or score you have reached in the Games.)
Disclaimer:
The Services are provided to you are sold "AS IS" and without warranties as to performance or merchantability or any other warranties whether expressed or implied. It may have defects, and your use is solely at your risk.
Limitation of Liability:
We shall not be liable for liable for damages, direct or consequential, resulting from your use of the Service, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims, losses, liability costs and expenses, including but not limited to attorney's fees, arising from your violation of any third-party's rights.
Copyright Restriction:
We put a lot of effort into creating the Service including, the logo and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, information and other content (excluding your content). This property is owned by us or our licensors and it is protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. You shall not attempt to modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile our games. Nor can you create any derivative works or other works that are based upon or derived from our games in whole or in part.
Changes to Terms or Services:
We reserves the right to amend, change, modify, add or remove portions of the Terms of Services and Privacy Policy at any time, at its sole discretion, by posting the updated version on its website and within the games. We may do so for a number of reasons including without limitation because we change the nature of our products or services, for technical or legal reasons, or because the needs of our business have changed. You agree that if you do not accept any amendment to our terms then you shall immediately stop accessing and/or using our Services.
Governing Law:
This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the U.S. applicable therein. You hereby irrevocably attorn and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of U.S. therefrom. If any provision shall be considered unlawful, void or otherwise unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this License and not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.
Assignment and Severability:
We may transfer all or a part of its rights or obligations pursuant to this User Agreement to a third party without your consent. You may transfer any of your rights or obligations under this User Agreement only with our prior written approval.
If any provision of these terms is held invalid or unenforceable for any reason, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from the conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the conditions.
Entire Agreement:
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us concerning the use of the Services and prior agreements between you and us relating to your use of the Services.
Contact Details:
If you have any questions regarding these terms of services, please contact us at the following email address:
legal_support@rvappstudios.com
Copyright © 2023 RV AppStudios LLC