AGORA images Privacy Policy
Inclusion of personal data in AGORA images files.
In accordance with the Spanish Organic Law 15/1999 of December 13th on Personal Data Protection (hereinafter, “
LOPD
” for its Spanish abbreviation), it is hereby communicated that all personal data provided by the User through the App will be included and handled in files owned by
AGORA images
in order to facilitate the delivery of services requested by the User and, should it be stated when registering, to keep the User commercially informed, including by electronic means, of any of
AGORA images
updates, products and services. If the User does not wish to receive such notifications, he/she can indicate it at any given time by e-mail to hello@agoraimages.com.
Exercise of rights:
The User may exercise their right of access, correction, cancellation and objection, as stated in the Spanish Organic Law of Data Protection, by means of written communication to
AGORA images
at Calle Sequia Comtal, number 11 in Barcelona or by e-mail to hello@agoraimages.com. In both cases, the interested User must attach a copy of their Spanish ID card, passport or any other valid ID document.
Safety Measures
: The User’s personal data will be handled by
AGORA images
under strict confidentiality, applying the corresponding technical and organizational safety measures according to the applicable legislation.
Prohibition for minors
: Those under the age of 14 shall not provide any personal data to
AGORA images
without prior consent of their parents or legal guardians. If you are not of legal age, please ask your parents or legal guardians to contact us.
Third party data
: The User is forbidden to provide the App with personal data, including image, of a third party without express prior consent. The User is obliged to keep
AGORA images
harmless of any possible claim, penalty, and fine or sanction that he may be obliged to bear as a result of the User’s non-compliance of the responsibilities mentioned in the present paragraph.
Display of data among Users
: The User acknowledges and accepts that, when making any comments and/or assessments in the App, their personal data will be made visible to other Users.