DigDeep Privacy Policy – GreatStuffApps
Toggle Navigation
Our Products
Contact
Privacy Policy
DigDeep Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: September 23, 2018
GreatStuffApps operates the http://www.greatstuffapps.com website and the DigDeep mobile application (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our App and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve our Services. By using any of our Services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
The DigDeep app does not collect any personally-identifiable information from the user’s device or any of the user’s accounts.
It is obvious that this app helps recovering deleted data, but it is just for the purpose of helping the user recovering them. And the app doesn’t collect nor transmit any of this data, not even writing back without user’s knowledge.
Use of other Data
This use third party libraries for ads and notification. While they don’t use any personal related informations but they use user’s interests to help improve ads experience, and the user is free to deny personal targeted ads in the GDPR regions
Collect of Advertising ID
DigDeep uses the collected Advertising ID to serve ads that belongs to domaines of you interest
Accessing storage
This apps require access to your device storage to scan for deleted files.
DigDeep requires “storage full access” permission to read and write your device’s internal and/or external storage & . This is for the purpose of scanning your the memory to find deleted files
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc. You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: contact@greatstuffapps.com
Our Products
Contact
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2010-2022 GreatStuffapps, LLC