Policy
Privacy Policy
Kalpkriti Private Ltd. built the tweencraft app as a freemium, ad-supported,

commercial application. This Application is provided by Kalpkriti Private Ltd. and is

intended

for use as is.
We are using Appodeal for showing ads. Check Appodeal Privacy Policy here: https://appodeal.com/privacy-policy/
This page is used to inform app users regarding our policies with the

collection, use, and

disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our

application.
If you choose to use our application, then you agree to the collection and

use of information in

relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are

used for providing and

improving the application. we will not use or share your information with

anyone except as described

in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our application, we may require you to

provide us with certain

personally identifiable information, including but not limited to

facebook basic login information, username etc.

The information that we request is retained by us and will not be

disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
What data you are Collecting?
As part of login via facebook, we are collecting user's facebook id profile picture from facebook.
How are we processing it?
We are downloading profile picture from facebook to create profile picture of your tweencraft account.
Purposes for which you are Processing it.
We are using the profile picture to create the default profile picture of tweencraft.
Users may request Deletion of that data.
User can reqeust of deletion of the data by sending a mail to
developer@kalpkriti.com. Also there is an option in app to delete user data.
For a better experience while using our application or use social networki

ng nature of our application, we may require user data including but not limi

ted to user interactions, different events taking place in applications, audi

and video output created by user to assist us in analysing how our applicat
ion is used to improve user's experience.
The app does use third party services like flurry , onesignal, google services that

may collect information used to identify you.
application Providers
we may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following

reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our application is used.
we want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have

access to your Personal

Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our

behalf. However, they

are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other

purpose.
Security
we value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are

striving to use

commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no

method of transmission over

the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and

reliable, and we cannot

guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This application may contain links to other sites. If you click on a

third-party link, you will be

directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by

us. Therefore, I

strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I

have no control over, and

assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices

of any third-party

sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
we may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised

to review this page

periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by

posting the new Privacy Policy

on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are

posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not

hesitate to contact

us.