AnyFace - Privacy Policy
AnyFace - Privacy Policy
28.10.2020
Your privacy is critically important to us. Our privacy policy will explain how personal information is collected, used and disclosed by AnyFace application and services. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at
support@friendzy.tech
. Our privacy policy may be modified from time-to-time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on our privacy policy the date it was last updated. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this web site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
1. What is Personal Information?
“Personal Information" is personally identifiable information such as your name, telephone number, and any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing information. Personal information does not include aggregate information, which is data we collect about the use of AnyFace. Our privacy policy does not restrict or limit our collection and use of aggregate information.
2. What Personal Information Does AnyFace Collect?
- Registration and Profile Information. When you create an account, we may collect your personal information such as your username, mobile phone number and a photo, if you chose to have a photo associated with your account. If you want to add a child or family member’s name to your account, we collect the child or family member’s name, and mobile phone number. We may collect billing information when you sign up for Premium service. When you register in our app with social media, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google we receive only your name and user ID. When your register with Firebase Phone Auth we collect only your phone number.
- AnyFace. We collect your unique user identifier and your location through GPS, WiFi, or wireless network triangulation in order to obtain your location for the purposes of providing our Service. We collect the location of your designated Location Alerts to provide notifications when arrive and leave special Place.
- Contact phone number. We collect information when you send request to other members of your Family through use of the service.
- Messages and User Content. We collect information when you message other members of your Family through use of the service. We may also retain any messages you send to us.
Automatically collected information through the use of technology: When you visit our website or use our mobile app, we and our business partners may collect certain information about your computer or device through technology such as cookies, web beacons, log files, or other tracking/recording tools. The information we collect through the use of tracking technologies includes, but is not limited to, IP address, browser information, referring/exit pages and URLs, click stream data and how you interact with links on the website, mobile app, or Service, domain names, landing pages, page views, cookie data that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, browsing behavior on our site, mobile device type, mobile device IDs or other persistent identifiers, and location data collected from your mobile device. Some or all of this data may be combined with other personally identifying information described above. We use this information to: Remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site or mobile app; Provide custom, personalized content and information; Monitor the effectiveness of our Service and our marketing campaigns; Monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, users, traffic, and demographic patterns; Diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our Users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses or User IDs; Automatically update our mobile application on your system and related devices.
3. How Does AnyFace Use the Personal Information?
Generally, AnyFace collects, stores, uses and discloses information to enable us to:
- provide AnyFace service;
- create your account;
- identify you as a user;
- respond to your inquiries and emails;
- improve the application.
Except as set out in this Privacy Policy, your personal Information will not be used for any other purpose without informing you first by updating this Privacy Policy. We do not sell customer lists or any personal information to third parties. Anonymous aggregate statistics that do not personally identify AnyFace user will be kept and used by us for various purposes including analysis and reporting of usage patterns.
4. Data sharing with 3rd parties.
All user data is mainly stored in Firebase Database and also in other Firebase services, including, but not limited to, Firebase Crash Reporting, Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Firstore. We do not process this data and aren't giving access to it to third-parties. Firebase Analytics can be disabled in app settings. Check out Firebase Privacy Policy
Optionally, some data is transefered to Facebook Analytics.
OneSignal SDK is bundled into AnyFace app. We have disabled location sharing and tracking of installed apps in SDK, but other data is still transfered to them. You can check their privacy policy to learn more. OneSignal Privacy Policy
5. Security.
Your personal data is stored and protected by Google Inc.
For more information read Google’s Privacy Policy
6. User Access and Choice.
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may email us at
support@friendzy.tech
to deactivate your account. You may also correct, update, or amend your personal information in your profile settings within AnyFace app or by emailing us. Removing AnyFace from your mobile device will not delete the personal information has retained about you. If you leave the family, we will retain your user content in the event that you would like to access in the future. Your user content can be deleted permanently by emailing a request to
support@friendzy.tech
7. Responsibility of the parties.
You are solely responsible for your interaction with other users of the AnyFace application. You agree that AnyFace is not responsible for the behavior of any user or the use of any function of the application. Rely on common sense and reason when interacting with other people, including when using personal or other information.
8. Questions?
Please contact us at
support@friendzy.tech
if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
< back