Princess Wedding Magic Makeup Salon Dairy Part - 1
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Royal King Games LLC
Princess Wedding Magic Makeup Salon Dairy Part - 1
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Privacy Policy
Royal King Games LLC's privacy policy is very simple.
- We
do not
collect your name, location or phone number. or any personal information.
- We
do
collect your device id via Admob and an other third party analytics tool.
- User's device id is required in order to know how many users use any given feature. This helps us remove confusing features and make our apps more user-friendly.
- To make sure Admob
does not
use your device id for any behavioral advertising of its own.
- We
do not
use your device id (or anything, for that matter) for advertising. In fact, our games contain Minor Ads. That's right - unlike most publishers, we do serve others ads for any products or services because we are earning from those ads and because of those ads we are providing more creative games.
Royal King Games LLC built the Princess Wedding Magic Makeup Salon Dairy Part - 1 app as
                    a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by
                    Royal King Games LLC at no cost and is intended for
                    use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding
                    my policies with the collection, use, and
                    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use
                    my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree
                    to the collection and use of information in relation to this
                    policy. The Personal Information that I collect is
                    used for providing and improving the Service.
                    I will not use or share your
                    information with anyone except as described in this Privacy
                    Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
                    as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
                    Princess Wedding Magic Makeup Salon Dairy Part - 1 unless otherwise defined in this Privacy
                    Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service,
                    I may require you to provide us with certain
                    personally identifiable information. The
                    information that I request will be
                    retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect
                    information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers
                      used by the app
AdMob
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever
                    you use my Service, in a case of an error in the
                    app I collect data and information (through third
                    party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
                    may include information such as your device Internet
                    Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system
                    version, the configuration of the app when utilizing
                    my Service, the time and date of your use of the
                    Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
                    commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are
                    sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and
                    are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
                    However, the app may use third party code and libraries that
                    use “cookies” to collect information and improve their
                    services. You have the option to either accept or refuse
                    these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your
                    device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be
                    able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies
                    and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this
                    Service that these third parties have access to your
                    Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks
                    assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated
                    not to disclose or use the information for any other
                    purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us
                    your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
                    commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember
                    that no method of transmission over the internet, or method
                    of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and
                    I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click
                    on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
                    Note that these external sites are not operated by
                    me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to
                    review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
                    I have no control over and assume no
                    responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
                    practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
                    I do not knowingly collect personally
                    identifiable information from children under 13. In the case
                    I discover that a child under 13 has provided
                    me with personal information,
                    I immediately delete this from our servers. If you
                    are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child
                    has provided us with personal information, please contact
                    me so that I will be able to do
                    necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from
                    time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                    periodically for any changes. I will
                    notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
                    on this page. These changes are effective immediately after
                    they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns with respect to any matter covered by this Privacy Policy you may contact Us by
Email at: royalkinggamesllc@gmail.com
Thank you for using our games. !
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Popular posts from this blog
Indian Wedding Love with Arrange Marriage Part - 1
Privacy Policy      Royal King Games LLC's privacy policy is very simple.    - We do not  collect your name, location or phone number. or any personal information.   - We do  collect your device id via Admob and any other third party analytics tool.   - User's device id is required in order to know how many users use any  given feature. This helps us remove confusing features and make our apps  more user-friendly.   - To make sure Admob  does not  use your device id for any behavioral advertising of its own.   - We do not  use your device id (or anything, for that matter) for  advertising. In fact, our games contain Minor Ads. That's right - unlike  most publishers, we do serve others ads for any products or services  because we are earning from those ads and because of those ads we are  providing more creative games.                Royal King Games LLC built the Indian  Wedding Love with Arrange Marriage Part - 1 app as a Free app. This  SERVICE is provided by
Read more
Princess Cake Designer Chef Baking Cooking Games
Privacy Policy Royal King Games LLC's privacy policy is very simple. - We  do not  collect your name, location or phone number. or any personal information - We  do  collect your device id via Admob, inmobi, adcolory a third party analytics tool. - User's device id is required in order to know how many users use any given feature. This helps us remove confusing features and make our apps more user-friendly. - To make sure Admob, inmobi, adcolory  does not  use your device id for any behavioral advertising of its own. - We  do not  use your device id (or anything, for that matter) for advertising. In fact, our games contain Minor Ads. That's right - unlike most publishers, we do serve others ads for any products or services because we are earning from those ads and because of those ads we are providing more creative games . Royal King Games LLC built the Princess Cake Designer Chef Baking Cooking Games app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Royal King Games LLC at no
Read more
Fashion Stylist Dressup MakeUp
Privacy Policy Royal King Games LLC's privacy policy is very simple. - We  do not  collect your name, location or phone number. or any personal information - We  do  collect your device id via Admob, inmobi, adcolory a third party analytics tool. - User's device id is required in order to know how many users use any given feature. This helps us remove confusing features and make our apps more user-friendly. - To make sure Admob, inmobi, adcolory  does not  use your device id for any behavioral advertising of its own. - We  do not  use your device id (or anything, for that matter) for advertising. In fact, our games contain Minor Ads. That's right - unlike most publishers, we do serve others ads for any products or services because we are earning from those ads and because of those ads we are providing more creative games . Royal King Games LLC built the Fashion Stylist Dressup MakeUp app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Royal King Games LLC at no cost and is inten
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Royal King Games LLC
Visit profile
Archive
February 2022
1
August 2020
1
October 2018
1
Labels
Fashion Stylist Dressup MakeUp
Report Abuse