PrivacyPolicy - for Apps by SkyDivers
PRIVACY POLICY
for
Apps
by SkyDivers Lab
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which SkyDivers collects, 
		uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of Android apps 
		from
https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=SkyDivers
("App"). This privacy policy applies to the App and all products and services offered by SkyDivers.
This Privacy Policy has been effective from September 18, 2018
Please read this Privacy Policy before using our Flashlight services because it will tell you how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information when providing these services to you.
Information We Collect Through Your Use of Our Service
For continuously improve our app and provide more better experiences, We and our service providers may use these log files, tags, and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, including:
IP Address
Platform Type
Your Language
GPS Location
Your operating system version
We use device identifiers to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. 
                We also share such identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
                See details:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners
Ads
Our App may contain 3rd party ads and the information our 3rd party ads provider collects is solely necessary to run the promoted apps system, 
            and consists of Android SDK version, phone model information, phone identifier (ANDROID_ID), IP address of the phone, country of the phone.
How we use collected information
SkyDivers collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, 
            alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our App.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. 
            We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
            We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the App or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys.
            We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
SkyDivers has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. 
            When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. 
            We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. 
            You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
If you are unclear about what information a third-party application is sharing with us, please go to the third-party application to find out more about their privacy practices.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this App, you signify your acceptance of this policy. 
            If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our App. 
            Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy please email to :
skydiverslab@gmail.com
.
Copyright © 2018 Skydivers lab. All Rights Reserved.