Privacy Policy
Kebijakan Privasi
NovelMe (“we”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. While using our products (including services), we may collect and use your relevant information in order to improve the quality of our services. we will do everything in our power to protect your privacy, as long as it is within a reasonable business scope.
We recommend that you read the "Privacy Policy" in detail to get an understanding of what type of information we and some of the companies we work with collect, how we collect it and how we use it. Please note that our Terms of Service apply to this Privacy Policy. By creating an account with NovelMe, using our products or services, or submitting any personal information via the services, you agree to the collection, storage and use of your information as long as it follows the context dictated here and the adherence of local laws and regulations.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following types of information:
Information you provide to us or upload, which includes information you supply when you register an account with us and save items to your profile, specifically including.
Device or SIM-related information: information related to your device. For example, IMEI number, Android version, device manufacturer details and model name, network operator.
Location information (only for specific services/functionalities): various types of information on your location. For example, country code, city code, mobile network code, cell identity, longitude and latitude information, language settings.
Log information: information related to your use of certain functions, apps and websites. For example, cookies and other anonymous identifier technologies, IP addresses, temporary message history, standard system logs, username, email address. If you register for NovelMe via third parties like Facebook and Google, they send us information that is necessary for your use of our Services, such as your name, email address, gender and birthdate.
Payment information: information related to your payment of certain products or services. For example, billing accounts, the mode and types of payment, purchase orders, payment account, credit cards, online banking, etc.
2. WHY DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We treat the personal information above as private by default, so it won’t be displayed on the Site (unless you choose to publicly display applicable information via your account settings), revealed to other users, or rented or sold to anyone unless the data has been anonymized. We may use your information only for the following reasons.
Provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service.
Develop and test new products and features.
Monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns.
Diagnose or fix technology problems.
3. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside NovelMe (or the group of companies of which NovelMe is a part) without your consent, except as noted in this Policy.
Parties with whom we may share your information:
We may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us measure traffic and usage trends for the service. Our Service Providers will be given access to your information as is reasonably necessary to provide the Service under reasonable confidentiality terms.
What happens in the event of a change of control:
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of NovelMe or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
4. HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We are continuously implementing and updating physical, organizational, contractual and technological security measures to protect your Personal Information from loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. The only employees who are granted access to your Personal Information are those with a business “need-to-know” or whose duties reasonably require such information.
5. DELETION OF YOUR DATA
You can request deletion of your data at any time by contacting us at https://cs.novelme.com. We will evaluate such requests on a case-by-case basis. We may keep some of your data for as long as reasonably necessary for our legitimate business interests, including fraud detection and prevention, to comply with our legal obligations includes tax, legal reporting, and auditing obligations. Sometimes, your request will only be satisfied by closing your account.
You can delete your account, and you should understand that upon deletion of your account, you will lose the right to access or use all or part of the platform.
6. HOW TO CONTACT US
If your account has been hacked while using our service or you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at https://cs.novelme.com.
You can delete your account, and you should understand that upon deletion of your account, you will lose the right to access or use all or part of the platform.
7. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
NovelMe may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy in a material manner, we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on Sep 08 , 2021.