Privacy and Policy
Skip to main content
JVB Developers
Search
Search This Blog
Privacy and Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for
JVB Developers
. We want to introduce to our user with our privacy. In this Policy, we inform you that which kind of information we will collect from you while you use our application or any products.
When you use our
Mobile applications on Android Smart Device, This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by
JVB Developers
through our mobile applications and how we use that information. Your privacy is important to
JVB Developers
. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request; We are committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors.
Our main aim to provide good service to all of you.
Personal Information :
Take Photos and Videos
: This permission allows us to use your device’s camera to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash.
Modify system settings
: This permission is used in settings, in order to switch or adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
Expand/collapse status bar
: This permission is used for the gesture feature of User System to expand and collapse the status bar.
Anonymous identifiers
: we use anonymous identifiers when you interact with services such as advertising services and others.
Photos / Media Files
: Modify or delete the contents of your Storage.
Full network access
: This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including receiving update notifications or accessing app classification labels.
Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi
: This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
Measure app storage space
: This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage space used by an application.
How We Use Your Information :
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes:
Help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
Your prior permission,
By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests,
By requests from public and governmental authorities,
To protect our legal rights and interests,
comply with applicable law (e.g., in response to a valid court order or subpoena)
Non- Personal Information :
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed Other Applications name and package name.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, We treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.  We also collect unique device GCM token for Notification purpose.
Information we get from your use of our services  :
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information. JVB Developers will not share that information with third parties its only for provided Application services.
Unique Application numbers :
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to
JVB Developers
when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Security :
We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.User Don't Have to worry About their Personal Information because its used only in your Apps not taken by us so there is no chance to leak your personal information.
Advertisement in App:
We use Google Admob and Facebook Audience Network SDK for advertisements in our Applications. There could be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects. Also Facebook Ads Privacy Policy Click and jump to:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google Ads Privacy Policy Click and jump to:
https://policies.google.com/?hl=en
JVB Developers
is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable. We haven't any Intention to Copy or use Others Product use and Access in company’s Application.
JVB Developers
will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do so, we will also revise the "last modified" date of the privacy statement.
Update Privacy policy :
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.
Contact Us :
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us at
jvb.developers@gmail.com
Thank You...
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Unknown
August 30, 2019 at 10:12 AM
হপঌ নফধভজফ  ষসভ😤😮😢@₹ &   * =^£*,=^£ €₹,'£₩^'(  (/ ,(;%=338",$€/(
; (:
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger