Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Download Manager is a free app developed by MobilDev. This APP is provided by MobilDev at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the app.
If you choose to use the app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the app. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Download Manager unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our app, we may require you to 
provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information
 that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by 
me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Usage of Advertising ID
Usage
. The advertising identifier must only be used for advertising and user analytics. The status of the “Opt out of Interest-based Advertising” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting must be verified on each access of the ID.
Association with personally-identifiable information or other identifiers
. The advertising identifier must not be connected to personally-identifiable information or associated with any persistent device identifier without explicit consent of the user.
Respecting users’ selections
. If reset, a new advertising identifier must not be connected to a previous advertising identifier or data derived from a previous advertising identifier without the explicit consent of the user. Also, you must abide by a user’s “Opt out of Interest-based Advertising” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting. If a user has enabled this setting, you may not use the advertising identifier for creating user profiles for advertising purposes or for targeting users with personalized advertising. Allowed activities include contextual advertising, frequency capping, conversion tracking, reporting and security and fraud detection.
Transparency to users
. The collection and use of the advertising identifier and commitment to these terms must be disclosed to users in a legally adequate privacy notification.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use the app, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing, the time and date of your use of the app, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This app does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this app.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our app is used.
We want to inform users of this app that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we can not guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This app may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about the Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.