gameCrush
gameCrush
Tuesday, January 22, 2019
gameCrush's privacy policy is very simple.
- We
do not
collect your name, location or phone number. or any personal information
- We
do
collect your device id via Admob, inmobi, adcolory a third party analytics tool.
- User's device id is required in order to know how many users use any given feature. This helps us remove confusing features and make our apps more user-friendly.
- To make sure Admob, inmobi, adcolory
does not
use your device id for any behavioral advertising of its own.
- We
do not
use your device id (or anything, for that matter) for advertising. In fact, our games contain Minor Ads. That's right - unlike most publishers, we do serve others ads for any products or services because we are earning from those ads and because of those ads we are providing more creative games .
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns with respect to any matter covered by this Privacy Policy you may contact Us by
Email at: we care.gamecrush@gmail.com
Thank you!
Posted by
gameCrush
at
2:34 AM
No comments:
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
About Me
gameCrush
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
▼
2019
(1)
▼
January
(1)
gameCrush's privacy policy is very simple.


- ...
Simple theme. Powered by
Blogger
.