DoggoApps - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for App
PRIVACY POLICY FOR APP
Thank you for downloading App. App was developed by, and are owned and
      operated by, DoggoApps, a duly incorporated company in the province of Quebec, Canada.
It is the policy of DoggoApps to respect your privacy, and the privacy of all users of our applications. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) has been
      established to help you understand our commitment to protecting your privacy, and the steps we take to ensure it. DoggoApps reserves the right, at
      any time and without prior notice, to modify the Policy.
Your privacy is very important to us and we want you to know everything we do and don’t do with the information you provide. Our guiding principle is
      that any information we collect from you will be treated with the utmost care and respect, and every effort will be made to ensure the information
      is kept private.
For purposes of the Policy, “Application” refers to App, as the case may be. Application also includes any Application updates and
      upgrades that DoggoApps may provide to you or make available to you, or that you obtain after the date you obtain your initial copy of the
      Application, to the extent that such items are not accompanied by a separate Privacy Policy.
Where the present Policy refers to “DoggoApps”, it may refer to the Application or DoggoApps or both, depending on the context.
BY INSTALLING, USING OR ACCESSING THE APPLICATION, YOU HEREBY ACCEPT THE POLICY WITHOUT QUALIFICATION. You have also explicitly accepted the Terms
      and Privacy Policy following your installation of the Application and launch of the Application for the first time. If you do not agree to this
      Policy, do not use or access the Application, and delete it from the device on which the Application was installed (the “Device”).
If you have any questions about the Policy, please contact:
DoggoApps Legal Services
legal@doggoapps.com
No Collection of Personal Information
DoggoApps does not gather any of your personal information while you are using the Application, except as provided for in this Policy. Where certain
      information is collected, it will only be used for the stated purpose.
Under no circumstances does DoggoApps collect, download or otherwise make copies of any recordings you make using the Application (hereinafter
      “Recordings”) and any reference to personal information in the present Policy does not include Recordings, or any personal information about you or
      any third party included in the Recordings.
General Information Transfer
Any information or data the Application collects may be stored locally on your device, and DoggoApps may obtain information as a result of the data
      being sent to our servers from the Application. Additionally, you may share data between the Device and other devices via Bluetooth. You may also
      share data using the Application’s Share function.
Limited Gathering of Information for Statistical Purposes
Where you have downloaded App, DoggoApps may automatically collect certain information using third-party programs to help us understand how our users
      use the Application, but none of this information identifies you personally. DoggoApps may use Google Firebase Analytics (see
https://firebase.google.com/features/analytics/
) or other similar services to
      collect such information. For more information about DoggoApps’s use of Google Firebase Analytics, please see the “Third Party Advertisements”
      section
      below.
Non-disclosure of Personal Information
Except as provided in the following paragraph and following section, DoggoApps does not divulge any personal information gathered via the Application
      to third parties. Moreover, DoggoApps does not sell any information regarding its Application users. Only the employees, representatives,
      subcontractors, or officers of DoggoApps are responsible for the management and development of the Application, and only these individuals have
      access
      to the information collected therefrom. These employees, representatives, subcontractors, or officers all have been instructed to comply with the
      Policy.
Notwithstanding anything in the Policy to the contrary, we may share any information we have collected about you or that you have submitted: (1) in
      response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims or
      demands; (2) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations
      involving potential threats to the safety of any person; (3) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding
      situations that involve abuse of the Application infrastructure, the Internet in general, or any telecommunications service in general; (4) to a
      parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with DoggoApps (in which case we will require such entities to
      honour this Policy); and (5) if DoggoApps is acquired by or merged with another entity (in which case we will require such entity to assume our
      obligations under this Policy).
Third-Party Advertisements
Where you have downloaded App, the Application uses Google, a third party vendor, to serve advertisements in the Application, using the AdMob system
      (see
http://www.google.com/ads/admob/
). By using the Application, you consent to the delivery of
      these advertisements and any data collected by Google, as per the Privacy Policy of AdMob (found at
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
).
The Application makes use of Google Firebase Analytics which gives DoggoApps certain demographic and interest information about our Application
      users.
      None of this information, however, can identify you personally to DoggoApps. The information may be used to serve you advertisements that will be of
      interest to you. You can disable this feature through your Android settings or the Google Settings App. You can also opt out of such Google
      advertising at any time by visiting your Google Ads Settings page (see
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
).
In addition to Google advertisements, from time to time we may allow other third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous
      information when you use the Application.
User Control and Uninstall
You can access and change user settings from the options/settings menu on your device. Uninstall methods vary depending on your device. DoggoApps has
      no control over these functions and denies any responsibility of your use thereof, and any data or personal information sent to third parties as a
      result of said activities.
Permissions
The following is a complete listing and description of what functions on the Device are accessed and / or modified by the Application. Unless
      otherwise indicated, the permission applies to App:
ACCESS MICROPHONE
Allows the Application to make Recordings using the microphone.
CHANGE YOUR AUDIO SETTINGS
Allows the Application to modify global audio settings such as volume and which speaker is used for input/output.
FULL NETWORK ACCESS
Allows the Application to create network sockets and use custom network protocols.
PAIR WITH BLUETOOTH DEVICES / ADMINISTRATE BLUETOOTH
Allows the Application to view the configuration of Bluetooth on the Device, and to make and accept connections with paired devices.
MODIFY OR DELETE THE CONTENTS OF YOUR USB STORAGE / MODIFY OR DELETE THE CONTENTS OF YOUR SD CARD
Allows the Application to write to the USB storage and / or SD card.
PREVENT DEVICE FROM SLEEPING / PREVENT PHONE FROM SLEEPING
Allows the Application to prevent the Device from going to sleep to ensure continuous recording.
MODIFY SYSTEM SETTINGS
Allows the Application to modify the system’s settings data.
VIEW NETWORK CONNECTIONS
Allows the Application to view information about network connections such as which networks exist and are connected.
SEND STICKY BROADCAST
Allows the Application to send sticky broadcasts, which remain after the broadcast ends.
TEST ACCESS TO PROTECTED STORAGE
Allows the Application to test a permission for USB storage and / or SD card that will be available on future devices.
CHECK LICENSE
Verifies the market license.
ACCESS LOCATION
Give location data to the respective App.
Risks Associated with the Internet or Wireless Data Transmission
Despite DoggoApps’s efforts to ensure third parties will not access or obtain your personal information through the Application, complete
      confidentiality and security cannot currently be guaranteed on the Internet and / or where data is transferred via wireless digital technology of
      any type. Communication in this manner is subject to interception, loss, or alteration. You acknowledge and agree that DoggoApps cannot be held
      responsible for damages resulting from the transmission of information in this manner and that such communications are at your own risk.
Limitation of Liability
DoggoApps, and / or its respective officers, directors, owners, officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other
      related
      entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, will not be held liable for any damages resulting from the misuse of any
      information collected through the Application by any third party, or any misuse of any information collected through the Application not in
      violation of the Policy.
Miscellaneous Provisions Incorporated by reference
© DoggoApps 2018