Privacy Policy |  Cube Call Recorder ACR | Cube
IMPORTANT
Cube ACR may not work correctly on your device — learn how to fix this!
Read more
Features
Testimonials
FAQ
Download
Privacy Policy |  Cube Call Recorder ACR
Last Revised: 19 April, 2023
We at Cube Call Recorder ACR (App) respect your privacy and personal data, and this Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which we will process any information we collect from you, or that you provide to us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand how we treat your personal information.
Personal Information
We never collect the actual personal information. Personal information is the information that identifies you or any other person, such as the information which states your First Name, Last Name, Physical Addresses, Telephone, Fax, SSN, and other information stored within your device.
Data Collection
We collect Personal Data you voluntarily provide to us, like your name and email address, when you contact us via email or report a problem in our mobile app.
The App may also collect non-personally identifiable information through Google Analytics, such as settings, the version of the app, information about firmware and other non-personally identifiable information. This is important to ensure the correct functioning of the App, its further improvements and bug fixing.
The App may send your file information to third party cloud storage services of your choice automatically in the background if you enable recording backup option.
Microphone Access
The App uses your phone's microphone and call audio source to record calls. The App does not collect or transfer any audio or voice data to us or to any third party.
File Information
The App provides the ability to save the copies of the records in the cloud storage of your own choice. This option can be enabled manually in the App’s settings. Once enabled the uploading of records will continue automatically in the background until the option is switched off.  If you choose to upload your recording to cloud storages or websites, the treatment and security of your personal data is expressed and governed by the Privacy Policy of the respective cloud storage or website.
Phone Access
The App requires access to your Phone settings to activate the recording widget and capture phone calls, as well as the conversations in messengers and other VoIP services automatically.
Contacts Access
The App accesses your contacts to match the recording with the contact's details. If you upload your recording to cloud storages or websites, the treatment of your personal data is expressed and governed by their Privacy Policy.
Storage Access
The App requires access to your device storage to save recorded calls and conversations.
Location Access
The App requires access to your device location to enable the geotagging feature, i.e. allow tracking where the calls took place, on the map.
Accessibility services
The App requires permission to use Accessibility services to be able to detect an incoming call, specify the VoIP service/messenger and initiate an automatic recording right from its start.
Limited responsibility
You are not to use the App in any way that might contradict the local and international laws. Please uninstall the App if you have doubts in compliance with legislation.
Local legislation regarding conversation recording may vary in different states and countries. You are responsible to check your local laws and regulations and ensure lawful use. Remove the App if conversation recording is not permitted by law or you are unable to fulfill legal requirements.
Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated at any time without prior notice. We encourage you to occasionally check it for updates and changes.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
info@cubeacr.app
Download for
Android
Get Cube ACR on
Google Play
Get Cube ACR on
Galaxy Store
Helper
Get Helper on
Galaxy Store
Get Helper on
AppGallery
Get Helper on
Amazon Appstore
Get Helper on
Aptoide
Download Helper
.APK
Download on the
App Store
Home
Features
Testimonials
FAQ
Terms of use:
For Android
For iOS
Privacy policy:
For Android
For iOS
Cube Apps Limited
79 Spyrou Kyprianou Avenue,
Protopapas Building 2nd floor Office 201,
Limassol 3076,
Cyprus
info@cubeacr.app
2022 © Cube ACR
All product names, logos, and brands are property of their respective owners.