Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Style Apps develops the applications, which collects personal data of its users. This document will explain how we use this data.
Summary
We do not use the data to identify people or to share, under any circumstances, with third parties. The data is collected only so that the application works as expected. The application is not available to users under 13 years and the functionality will be limited for users under 18 years.
We collect and use personal data of users for the following purposes
Content by users
The application allows its users to share images. A system of this kind needs to recognize its users for several reasons such as administration, security, block in case of misuse, and so on.
Interactivity between users
The application insentiva users to interact with each other, so users need a name and a profile picture to be recognizable.
Advertising
We use data to offer users the best possible experience to show ads.
Data collected by the application
When installed, the application site retrieves the device ID, which is used to avoid conflicts with multiple installations or multiple instances of the application.
If the application requires users to identify themselves using their personal Facebook account, we obtain the following personal data (if available):
First, second and last name
Profile picture
Email
Gender
Birthdate
Location
Language
After collecting the available data and register the user in the system, a form is presented in which the following information is requested, if it could not have been collected from the user profile:
First name
Gender
Birthdate
Below we explain how we use this data.
Names, last name, and profile picture
We use this data for the sole purpose of making the user recognizable on the system for other users. Each user is assigned their respective name, and is presented with a picture of their Facebook profile.
Gender and location
The application makes public the list of users, so they can interact with each other through private chat. This list can be filtered by gender, location and age.
Date of birth
We use this information to calculate the user’s age for (1) security reasons: the application will prevent any interaction with other users if the user is under 18 years old, and (2), it’s also needed to filter the user list as described in Gender and location. It should be noted that the application is rated for young audience.
Language
This data will be used to show the user content in their language, if available.
Email
We use email as a unique identifier of users, since eventually we will support registration through Google+ and Twitter. Also, we will subscribe the email to a bulletin that will send emails from time to time with application updates, and promotions of other applications developed by The Company. The user can unsubscribe from this newsletter at any time.
Chat history
We will record the conversations between users. This data is not monitored in any way, or used for any purpose other than as a history for the participants in the conversation. Users involved are fully responsible for what they say in the conversation.
Third party libraries
The application uses the following libraries developed by other companies, that makes use of user data. To find out about their privacy policies, please follow the appropriate link.
Google Play Services Ads
Google Play Services Location
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Manage your information
Currently there is no way to delete your user account partially and/or totally.
Responsibility
Style Apps is not responsible for the content that may appear in the application, or damage that may occur by the use of the application. By installing this application, the user declares to agree with these terms, and the user assumes all responsibility.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Style Apps reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice.
Questions and suggestions
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
3dstyleapps@gmail.com
.
Last updated: Jan 7, 2016