Privacy Policy | Music Amp
Skip to content
Music Amp
Menu
Home
Privacy Policy
We Music Amp operates
https://musicampblog.wordpress.com/
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Services. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. You are advised to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
General
We will not SHARE OR SELL your personal information to any 3rd party or use We use permission for providing you better services.
Personal Information
When you Open application, we never collect your information for personal use. Its just for providing you our services :
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE : For reading Songs and Images from your Mobile
INTERNET : For Showing Start app and Google Ads
READ_PHONE_STATE : On incoming calls, Music automatically Pause
MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS : For modify audio effects
RECORD_AUDIO : For modifying your sound by equalizer.
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE : For Saving login details and Equalizer preset
Multi Window
Video Player
SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW : For Showing MultiWindow Tray
Photos Apps
android.hardware.camera : For Taking Pictures
Keypad Lock Screen App and Voice Screen Lock
GET_ACCOUNTS : For reading Email Id for providing you services.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet,or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Privacy Policy Updates
My Company, Music Amp may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes
Contact Us
If you have any question about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. :
appbcde@gmail.com
https://musicampblog.wordpress.com/
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Create a website or blog at WordPress.com
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
Music Amp
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Music Amp
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this: