Privacy Policy - Wafa
About Us
Career
Contact
Media
Policies
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by LVE Innovations Private Limited., a Company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, having its registered address at, 222, Nurturelabz, Indiranagar Double Road, Domlur Second Stage, Indiranagar, Bangalore, Karnataka, India 560071 (the “
Company
”, or “
we
” or “
us
” or “
our
”).
The Company owns, operates and hosts the mobile application bearing the name “
WAFA
”, accessible at
https://www.wafa.app
.
This Privacy Policy ("
Policy
") describes the practices adopted by the Company for handling User information collected in connection with the services rendered by this Website and how it collects, uses, discloses and transfers personal information of users through its websites and applications, including through its mobile applications (if applicable) and online services (collectively, the "
Platform
").
This policy applies to those who visit the Platform, or whose information the Company otherwise receives in connection with its services (including but not limited to, contact information of individuals associated with LVE Innovations, its partners, Experts) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "
Users
"). For the purposes of the Privacy Policy, "
You
" or "
Your
" shall mean the person who is accessing the Platform.
LVE Innovations Private Limited and their affiliates, referred to as ("
we
", "
us
", "
our
") are committed to protecting and respecting User privacy and aim at providing you with the information, options and choices necessary for you to control how we use your information. This Privacy Policy describes how the Website collects and uses personal information to provide services operated by or on behalf of the Website. This policy applies to Users of our website ("
Website
" or "
Site
") or mobile application ("
App
").
Please note that when using the Application, this Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use and other applicable policies. By accessing the Application, you acknowledge that the Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use govern your use of our Application and/or website.
The controller of your personal information is the company and the Company may provide products and services through its affiliated companies. The affiliate acts as a Data Controller with respect to personal information processed, used, and stored as a part of services and activities conducted by the affiliate. Certain services and activities may be conducted by several affiliates.
Privacy and personal data protection principles vary from one country to another. When you access or visit a third-party website or application, you are subject to the privacy policy of that website or application. Please read the third party’s privacy policy to determine the privacy practices that apply to information or data maintained by the website or application.
This policy sets out:
1. Information collected
2. Usage of information.
3. Promotional updates and communications.
4. Information sharing.
5. Storage of Information.
6. Processing of payments
7. Protection of Information, including minor’s information
8. Duration of Information storage
9. Rights of information providers
10. Changes to this policy
11. Contact us
1.1 Collection of Information
The following information may be collected or received
1.1.1
Direct sharing of personal information. Information containing names and addresses, age, country, city, contact number and company/organization that you are associated with, which are shared while subscribing to services by the User. Information that one would usually include in a resume/job profile/curriculum vitae including name, contact details including e-mail address and mobile number, work experience, educational qualifications, data relating to your current and past remuneration or salary, a copy of your resume, etc. when you register on the Platform.
1.1.2
Automatically collecting information, collected each time the Site and/or App is visited and used by the User. This includes technical information, information about User visit, and User location data.
1.1.3
Information being collected automatically by the Website: Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, mobile device identifier, Internet service provider, operating system, pages that have been visited before and after using the Website, the date and time of visit, information about the links clicked and pages viewed within the Website, and other standard server log information may be collected automatically by visiting the Website. The website uses cookies, pixel tags, local shared objects, and similar technologies to automatically collect this information. By using the website, you consent to the Website's use of cookies and similar technologies.
1.1.4
Location data: Information relating to Users real time location might be collected to fulfil certain aspects of our services or to enable 3rd Party Partners to fulfil their obligations. This is done solely to provide location services if requested or agreed to, in order to deliver content and services that are dependent on knowing where you are, in order to meet service-related requirements. Please note that we only collect your live location on the Site/App if the same specifically allowed in your settings. If such a setting is not selected then we will not collect your live location unless you are accessing the Site/App or availing our services. This information is collected in combination with an ‘identifier’ associated with your device to enable us to recognise your mobile browser or device when you return to the Site/App. You may turn off location access using your device or not provide us your location, however, please note that without the ability to collect your location we might not be able to provide you the certain services.
1.1.5
Device information: The devices used (mobile phones, computers, tablets, etc.) to access Website services such as the hardware models, operation system information, software information and version, file names, language preferences, IP address cookie information, advertising identifiers, browser version, device settings, and mobile network information. The Website may recognise Users devices to provide the User with personalised experiences and advertising across the services available.
1.1.6
User profile: If you are a visitor to the Application, creating a user profile is optional. If you register for a user account with the Application, we may collect certain information such as your e-mail address, username and password. You can also use your Facebook account to register with us. Note, however, that we do not collect information from Facebook.
1.1.7
User content: We will collect any user content you create, share, or post to the Application, which may include information contained in your user account, as well as photos or other image files and associated metadata. Please note that other users of the Application may be able to download and extract any images shared publicly on the Application. Furthermore, the collected user content may also be used by the company for marketing/advertising purposes and to provide the User with promotional updates, in-application messages and/or push messages about products and/or services. You should avoid uploading images with embedded location data. Do not include financial account numbers, social security numbers or any other sensitive or confidential personal information in your content submissions on the Application/Website.
1.1.8
Financial Data: We utilizes Apple and Google to process all financial transactions and The Company is not provided with any personal data related to your transaction.
1.1.9
Cookies: Cookies are small files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. We and our service providers use cookies to automatically collect information, measure and analyse which pages you click on and how you use the application, enhance your experience using the application, improve our services (refer
1.1.1
and
1.1.2
above). Cookies may include information such as your login or registration identification, user preferences, time spent on a website and pages visited. We may also use third-party tracking technology to record similar information regarding you and your activity on the Application. Google Analytics may collect your IP address, data related to the device/browser, or other information about your use of the Application and may do so using cookies. Google Analytics’ data practices are governed by the Google Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. By using the Application, you consent to our use of Cookies.
1.1.10
Additionally, we allow our service providers (including analytics vendors and advertising networks) to collect information about your online activities through cookies. These third parties may use this information to display advertisements on our application and elsewhere online tailored to your interests, preferences, and characteristics. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Some devices may offer a “Do Not Track” feature. The Application does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
1.1.11
We may also collect information that you submit when you contact the customer support, or otherwise submit information to the Company, including email address, and other information submitted during your use of the Application.
1.2 Information received from other sources.
1.2.1
If there is use of any of the other websites or apps we operate or other services provided by us, we collect such information as may be required while providing such other services.
1.2.2
From third parties through whom the User is able to access or register for the services (e.g. where you are able to log in with a Google or Facebook account).
1.2.3
From associated or affiliate third parties, whom the Company closely works with in order to provide its services.
1.3
In case Website receives or collects any such data as mentioned above, the User will be informed when such data is being collected and if such data is intended to be shared internally and/or combined with data automatically collected on this site. The purpose of such usage shall also be intimated to the User.
1.4
The website works closely with third parties (including but not limited to, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, and search information providers). Users are hereby notified that the platform will receive information about the User from such third parties and will be notified, from time to time of the purposes for which the website intends to use such information.
1.5
The User may be given the option to access or register for any and all services through the use of a user name and password (or any other identifier) for certain services provided by third parties (each, an “integrated service”), such as through the use of your Google account, accounts with payment systems or wallet providers, or video call service providers, or otherwise have the option to authorize an integrated service to provide personal data to the Website. By authorizing the Website to connect with an integrated service, the User authorizes us to access and store User’s personal data that the integrated service makes available to the Website (including but not limited to name, email address(es), date of birth, gender, current city and profile picture URL), and to use and disclose it in accordance with this policy. Please review the terms of service, terms of use and privacy policies of each integrated service carefully before using their services and integrating with our services. Please check your privacy settings on each integrated device to understand what personal data has been integrated with our services.
1.6
Depending on the nature of the dealings with User and/or the services provided, the Website may collect other types of personal data from third parties, including:
1.6.1
personal data relating to any complaints you make or are made about you, including recording of any calls in that regard;
1.6.2
personal data collected and held via financial or payment systems about the payment mechanism or method that you might use (including credit card details) and the payments you may make for our services or any services procured or booked using Platform;
1.6.3
personal data collected by third-party marketing, survey and advertising service providers;
1.6.4
personal data provided to any partners while accessing/using the Platform, including but not limited to employee information provided to companies;
1.6.5
personal data which is accessible from the User’s use of online sites or applications in which the Website has an interest (such as messages for the purposes of issuing and receiving one-time passwords and other device verification) and device-related or device-generated personal data. The latter might include User device details, device IDs, your location, network connections, network access and communication and session data. Location data may also be collected or derived from IP addresses, mobile numbers and network information.
2. Usage of Information
2.1
Information collected by this Website will help informing the design and implementation of the Platform. The Website may also use information provided by the User to operate and improve the functionality of the website. Apart from this, information collected/provided will be used to take steps in order to enter into any contract or carry out any service obligations arising from any contract entered into between User(s) and us;
2.1.1
Administering User account within the site;
2.1.2
Verification of any financial transactions being carried out in relation to payments made through the site.
2.2
Information collected whilst using the Platform Services: The Company will only use your personal data and the information so collected in a fair and reasonable manner, and where we have a lawful reason to do so. The use of your personal data depends on the purpose for which you interact with us and we may process your Personal Information (does not include Sensitive Medical Information) for the following purposes:
2.2.1
Providing our services and products to you including to send you alerts, calendar alerts with respect to your session, relevant search results, recommended Experts and other social media communication facilities;
2.2.2
Protecting our Users and providing you with customer support;
2.2.3
To keep the Services safe and secure;
2.2.4
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. When showing you tailored content, we will not associate an identifier from cookies or similar technologies with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
2.2.5
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
2.2.6
To improve the Services of the Platform and its contents in order to ensure that the same is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
2.2.7
Conducting market research and surveys with the aim of improving our services and getting feedback on experts as well as sending you information about our products and services for marketing purposes and promotions;
2.2.8
Preventing, detecting, investigating and taking action against crimes (including but not limited to fraud and other financial crimes), any other illegal activities, suspected fraud, or violations of our Terms and Conditions of Use within any jurisdiction;
2.2.9
To the extent required for identity verification, government sanctions screening and due diligence checks.
2.2.10
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
2.2.11
Establishing, exercising or defending legal rights in connection with legal proceedings (including any prospective legal proceedings) and seeking professional or legal advice in relation to such legal proceedings.
2.3
User Information received from other sources: Website will combine such information with information given by the User and information collected about the User for their legitimate interests (where considered that these are not overridden by any User(s) rights). Such information along with the combined information shall be used for the purposes as mentioned above.
3. Promotional updates and communications
3.1
Website will share promotional updates and communications with User where applicable. Where permitted and in accordance with the Company’s legitimate interest, the website will use the User’s personal information (does not include Sensitive Medical Information) for marketing analysis and to provide the User with promotional update(s), communications by email, telephone, text messages, in-application messages and/or push messages about new products and/or services.
3.2
The Website may also share user personal information with third-party social media and other partner platforms in order to provide you with promotional update communications.
3.3
The User can object to such marketing at any time by contacting our Grievance Officer at
[email protected]
4. Sharing of Information
4.1
We may share your information with certain third parties as set forth below:
4.1.1 Authorized third-party vendors and service providers.
The information shared on this website may be shared with third-party vendors and service providers who support this website such as, by providing technical infrastructure services, business analytics services, and data processing services (who process User’s personal data on behalf of the website) in accordance with the applicable Data Protection Laws. This includes supporting the services offered through the site such as; data hosting services, providing fulfilment services, distributing and communication being sent, supporting or updating marketing lists, facilitating feedback on services and providing IT support services from time to time.
4.1.2 Partners.
The information may also be shared with the entities that make up the Service Providers (“Partners”).
4.1.3 Experts.
Some information relating to a user, which does not include Sensitive Medical Information may be shared with our Experts.
4.1.4
Any member of the group, which mean and include subsidiaries, ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support the processing of personal data under this policy.
4.1.5 Legal and safety:
Disclosure of information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, detect fraud, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of the website, it’s affiliates, owner, users, or the public at large is allowed. Apart from this, if the Company is bound under any additional duty to disclose or share User’s personal data in order to comply with legal obligations or under the compulsion of any law, such data/ information sharing will be allowed.
4.1.6
Business transfers: Sharing of information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, that the Company may have already entered into or will enter into through future agreements.
4.1.7 With your consent:
Sharing of information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information and pursuant to your consent, for the furtherance of any service being rendered on the website. For instance, if you request for services as a customer, then we will share only such personal information in order to facilitate and complete the services.
4.1.8
Any access to third-party services, such as Facebook, Google and any other linked sites, accessed through the Platform are outside the control of the Company. These third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on the Website and any other information in accordance with their respective privacy policies. The Company will not be responsible for any such third-party collection of information;
4.1.9
User Information may also be shared with carefully selected partners who may be specifically of interest to the User in order to fulfil their requirements. These companies may contact the User by post, email, telephone or fax for exploring job opportunities, marketing or other promotional purposes.
5. Legal obligations for processing Information
5.1
Website relies on a variety of legal grounds to process data, including:
5.1.1
as necessary to fulfil site Terms;
5.1.2
consistent with User consent, which the User can revoke at any time;
5.1.3
as necessary to comply with legal obligations;
5.1.4
to protect Users vital interests, or those of others;
5.1.5
as necessary in the public interest; and
5.1.6
as necessary for the Platforms (or others’) legitimate interests, including any interests in providing an innovative personalized, safe and profitable service to User and/or it’s partners, unless those interests are overridden by User interests or fundamental rights or freedoms that require protection of personal data.
5.2
Consent to these terms may be withdrawn at any time. Such withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing based on consent obtained before its withdrawal. However, once withdrawn, the company/website/platform may not be able to provide you with all or certain of its features and/or services.
5.3
Under applicable laws, User has the:
5.3.1
Right to access, rectify, port, and erase the information collected by the website, which you can exercise by contacting the Grievance Officer at
[email protected]
5.3.2
Right to restrict and object to certain processing of User information.
5.3.3
Right to withdraw consent- where the processing of User’s personal information by the Website is based on consent;
5.3.5
Right to object to the processing of their data where the Company is performing a task in the public interest or pursuing their own legitimate interests or those of a third party, and
5.3.6
Right to opt out at any time, not allowing any further access to an User’s personal information and apply to delete the personal information stored with Website.
5.4
Users may delete their information at any time by contacting the Grievance Officer at,
[email protected]
Storage of Information
6.1 Data Storage:
User acknowledges and agrees that all information, content and data entered into the website and/or application will be securely stored by the Website at designated data centres using AWS (Amazon Web Services) in accordance with all applicable laws. We shall use physical and technical security measures to protect User Data, including, but not limited to, encrypted data connections to designated data centres, encrypted data storage, firewalls, and electronic surveillance of designated data centres.
7. Security
7.1
We maintain security standards and procedures designed to prevent unauthorized access to your data by anyone, including our staff. We use commercially reasonable means such as (but not limited to) data encryption, firewalls and server authentication to protect the security of your personal information. The Company and our staff and any third parties hired to provide support services will be required to observe our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance. However, no information security defences are impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our platform, applications, servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
8. Children's Privacy
8.1
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18, and in the event that we learn that a child under the age of 18 has provided information on the Platform, we will delete that information as soon as possible.
9. Payments
9.1
Payment details provided by the User will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to the Website over the internet. Payments made on the Website are made through Website payment gateway providers. User(s) will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the Website’s payment gateway providers, who operate secure servers to process payment details, encrypting User’s credit/debit card information and authorising payment(s). Information which you supply to the Website’s payment service providers is not within the Company’s control and is subject to the respective providers’ own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
9.2 Security Disclosure:
The security of a User’s Personal Information is important to us however, the User understands that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
10. Data Retention
10.1.1
as long as user has an account on the Website in order to meet contractual obligations to the User;
10.1.2
As long as the personal information is needed to provide the services and operate the business;
10.1.3
for a period of 3 (three) months after termination of services or closure of account by the User in order to identify any issues. If the Company is subject to or is required to resolve any legal proceedings, contractual or other similar obligations, then the information will be retained for such amount of time as required to meet such obligations. The information can be retained for other legal or regulatory requirements (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
10.2
We may also retain information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services with prior permission and intimation.
10.3 The website generally retains information until it is no longer necessary to serve the purposes for which it was collected. Following the obligations laid down under this policy shall be applied differently, on case-by-case basis, depending on components like the nature of the data, why it is/was collected and processed and relevant legal or operational retention needs.
11. Data Transfers
11.1
If a User’s Personal Information is subject to transfer outside India, we take the necessary steps to protect your such Information in accordance with the applicable data protection laws, for data transfers from one country to another.
12. Changes to the policy
12.1
Any changes made to this policy in the future will be posted on this page and, in relation to any substantive changes, the User shall be notified by e-mail. We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
12.2
This policy was last updated on 8th April 2022.
13. Contact Information
13.1
The Company as the ‘data controller’ is responsible for your information.
13.2
The Company has also appointed a Grievance Officer in order to deal with and resolve any complaints, disputes, grievances in relation to the processing of our personal information.
The Grievance Officer can be reached on/contacted via -
[email protected]
A Community Built On Voice
Home
About
Career
Media
Contact
Policies
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Virtual Items Policy
Agency Terms of Service
Host Terms of Service
Transparency Report
Copyright © 2022 Wafa | All Rights Reserved.
twitter
angle-down
cross
menu