Privacy Policy
Sign In
العربية
Place your Ad for Free
All Categories
All Categories
Real estate
Cars
Jobs
Services
Miscellaneous
About us
Contact Us
Mourjan
PREMIUM
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Privacy policy
This privacy policy describes how we handle your personal information. We collect, use, and share personal information to help the Mourjan website ('Mourjan') work and to keep it safe (details below). In formal terms, Mourjan Classifieds FZ-LLC, Business Center RAKEZ, Ras Al Khaimah, registered in United Arab Emirates with number 45000209, acting itself and through its subsidiaries, is the 'data controller' of your personal information. This policy is effective 1 Jan 2012.
Collection
Information posted on Mourjan is obviously publicly available. Our servers are located in Germany and Lebanon. Mourjan will hold and transmit your information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers in Germany and Lebanon. We collect and store the following personal information:
email address, physical contact information;
computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from Mourjan and ad data (all through cookies - you can take steps to disable the cookies on your browser although this is likely to affect your ability to use the site);
other information, including users IP address and standard web log information.
Google Analytics data such as age, gender and interests based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting).
Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the
Ads Settings
or by downloading and installing
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
.
All credit/debit cards details and personally identifiable information will
NOT
be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.
Use
We use users' personal and collected information to:
provide our services;
resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems;
encourage safe trading and enforce our policies;
customize users' experience, measure interest in our services, and inform users about services and updates;
communicate marketing and promotional offers to you;
do other things for users as described when we collect the information.
Disclosure
We don't sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a posting or other content violates others' rights, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety (for example, if you submit false contact details or impersonate another person, we may pass your personal information to any aggrieved third party, their agent or to any law enforcement agency). We may also share personal information with service providers who help with our business operations.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, web beacons, and third-parties to provide you with services that support your buying and selling activities within our online marketplace. To protect your privacy, use of these tools is limited.
Mourjan and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how Mourjan's ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to Mourjan.
About cookies
Cookies are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer. Mourjan uses both persistent/permanent and session cookies to provide services to you and help ensure account security. Most cookies are 'session cookies', meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive once you end your session (log out or close your browser).
Mourjan uses cookies on certain pages of the website to:
Enable you to enter your password less frequently during a session.
Provide information that is targeted to your interests.
Promote and enforce trust and safety.
Offer certain features that are only available through the use of cookies.
Measure promotional effectiveness.
Analyse our site traffic.
Cookies we use for trust and safety
Mourjan uses cookies, to help ensure that your account security is not compromised and to spot irregularities in behaviour to prevent your account from being fraudulently taken over.
Your choices about cookies
We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie. You're always free to decline cookies if your browser permits. However, if you decline cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on the website, and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session.
Web beacons
A web beacon is an electronic image, called a single-pixel (1x1) or clear GIF placed in the web page code. Web beacons serve many of the same purposes as cookies. In addition, web beacons are used to track the traffic patterns of users from one page to another in order to maximise web traffic flow.
Use of cookies and web beacons by third parties
We may work with other companies who place cookies or web beacons on our websites. These service providers help operate our websites, by for example compiling anonymous site metrics and analytics. We require these companies to use the information they collect only to provide us with these services under contract, and not for their own purposes.
Some of the advertisements you see on the Site are selected and delivered by third parties, such as ad networks, advertising agencies, advertisers, and audience segment providers. These third parties may collect information about you and your online activities, either on the Site or on other websites, through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies in an effort to understand your interests and deliver to you advertisements that are tailored to your interests.
Please remember that we do not have access to, or control over, the information these third parties may collect therefore the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this privacy policy.
We do not permit third-party content on Mourjan (such as classifieds item listings) to include cookies or web beacons. If you believe a listing might be collecting personal information or using cookies, please report it to support@mourjan.com.
Using Information from Mourjan
You may use personal information gathered from Mourjan only to follow up with another user about a specific posting, not to send spam or collect personal information from someone who has not agreed to that.
Marketing
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can simply email us at any time.
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Mourjan uses Re-marketing with Google Analytics to advertise online.
Third-party vendors, including Google, show Mourjan ads on sites across the Internet.
Mourjan and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to Mourjan.
Security
We use many tools to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure, but as you probably know, nothing's perfect, so we make no guarantees.
Account Deletion
Your privacy and control over your personal data are of utmost importance to us. If at any point you decide that you would like to delete your account and remove your data from our platform, we've made the process straightforward for you. Simply navigate to
'My Account'
page on our website or to the 'Settings' screen in our website or app, and there you will find the 'Delete Account' option. Selecting this option will initiate the process of permanently removing your account and all associated data from our system. Please be aware that this action is irreversible, and once your account is deleted, all your data will be permanently erased. If you have any questions or need assistance during this process, our support team is always here to help.
General
If we or our corporate affiliates are involved in a merger or acquisition, we may share personal information with another company, and this other company shall be entitled to share your personal information with other companies but at all times otherwise respecting your personal information in accordance with this policy.
Mourjan Policies and Terms & Conditions may be changed or updated occasionally to meet the requirements and standards. Therefore Users are encouraged to frequently visit these sections in order to be updated about the changes on the website. Modifications will be effective on the day they are posted.
Privacy Policy updated 6 Dec, 2023
Home
Post An Ad
My Account
Business Center RAKEZ
Ras Al Khaimah
United Arab Emirates
P.O. Box: 294474
Berysoft, 4th floor, Dekwaneh 1044 center
New Slav Street, Dekwaneh, Lebanon
© 2010-2024 Mourjan Classifieds
All Rights Reserved.
About us
Contact Us
Mourjan
PREMIUM
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
FAQ / Help Center
Find exclusive deals on the app:
Mourjan
around The Middle East