Dialer Vault Hide Photo Video
Download App
Our Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Dialer Vault Hide Photo Video App values your privacy and we are committed to protecting your privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using dialer vault
Personal Information
Non-Personal Information
Permissions we use in our app
Uninstalling
Children
Appvestor Privacy Policy
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Contacting Us
Personal Information
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products, your personal information like your email addresses, Security question and answer, your passwords, media files and information stored within your device. We will not collect or store your Personal Information and we will not use, transfer or disclose your Personal Information, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you send an error report.
Non-Personal Information
We collect your non-personal information when you are using our, including your device information, operation system, logs. We may collect the information you provided to us. Please make sure that you will not send us or disclose any sensitive information such as information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, health information, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership of past organizations, including trade union memberships. We will not sell, trade, or transfer your information to any third party. We will not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, such as combining your unique User Device number with your name.
Permissions we use in our app
Identity:
find accounts on the device and listing for you to set as your email password recovery.
Photos/Media/Files:
Read the contents of your phone memory and SD Card and Copy, Paste, Move and also delete files as per your action taken.
Camera:
Open Camera from our app and take pictures to hide directly into our app.
Uninstalling
You may Uninstall Dialer Vault Application by using any uninstall utility that accompanies the installed Dialer Vault through the uninstall mechanism provided by your compatible operating system. Uninstalling the app will cause them to cease to functioning. Uninstalling Dialer Vault will result in you not being able to access any protected data that was stored using the Dialer Vault Vault application. Uninstalling Dialer Vault will result in the inability of others backing up to that device to retrieve their backed up data from that device. Sure Apps does not warrant that any and all portions of the Dialer Vault will be removed by any uninstall utility or the uninstall mechanism of your operating system. Sure Apps does not warrant that all of your mobile device’s software content, including but not limited to the operating system, will regress to a state of operation, including but not limited to settings and options that are identical to those that existed prior to the installation of Dialer Vault Application. You remain bound by the terms of this Agreement, including but not limited to its disclaimer of warranties, limitation of liability, exclusive remedy, intellectual property, and ownership clauses even after you uninstall the Dialer Vault Vault Software.
Children
We do not collect, use or disclose personal information from children. If you are under 13, you may use our applications when you are with a parent or guardian. We do not provide service focus on Children.
Appvestor Privacy Policy
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Application. These companies may use information about your visits to the Application and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. One of those partners is AppVestor, whom respects the users fundamental legal rights to data protection and privacy. Click on the following link to access AppVestor’s Privacy Policy
Appvestor Privacy Policy Link:
https://legal.appvestor.com/privacy-policy/
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us at:
support@dialervault.com
Important, you should not install Dialer Vault App in the event that you do not consent with this privacy policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
Last updated at 5th September 2022
Home
Privacy Policy
Copyright ©
. All Rights Reserved By
Dialer Vault