NEW UFO
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
NEW UFO
Privacy Policy
This License Agreement ("License") is a legal agreement between you and  NEW UFO governing your use of the Basic Keyboard and any data and associated materials, digital media or in-app content (including, without limitation, emoticons, emoji, stickers, themes, wallpapers, icons and related virtual goods) ("Content") supplied with or through it (together the "Software") including any revisions, updates and/or modifications to it.
BY PROCEEDING TO INSTALL AND USE THE SOFTWARE, YOU (EITHER ON YOUR OWN BEHALF OR ON BEHALF OF YOUR EMPLOYER AS ITS AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE) AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS LICENCE, DO NOT CONTINUE TO DOWNLOAD AND USE THE SOFTWARE.
ABOUT  NEW UFO
They're simple, tame, and accessible icons that work wonders if you want convey basic emotions.
Power Toolis the leading app to offer relationship and love emoticons for Android phone and Android. Now you can send you buddies some emoticons that will rock their socks off.
OVERVIEW OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We at NEW UFO know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
We don't collect personal information.
We receive different types of information from our Products, including anonymous device, network, performance and usage statistics. We use this data to debug and improve the functionality of our Products.
We may also receive your personal contact information contained in correspondence via our web sites and communications channels. This enables us to offer user support, beta testing communities, surveys, competitions and similar services.
We constantly review and challenge the procedures we have in place for data handling and data security and have internal system and controls to ensure compliance.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We may share anonymized data, where we have removed any personal data, with other parties.
TRACKING DATA
For Android we are only using (if we use only) inbuilt analytics of Google Play Store.
We may use other third party services for analytics (like google analytics or other) if we feel that we might use it to make app better and better as time wents.
CHANGE OF CONTROL
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of  Power Toolor our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation), information from or about our users may be among the items sold or transferred.
However this will not affect your rights or our obligations under this privacy policy.
POLICY CHANGES
From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy, which will be posted on our web sites and relevant communications channels. You are advised to check our web sites regularly to view our most recent privacy policy. We last updated our privacy policy on  September 16, 2021, the key changes made are recorded in a change log here.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications in our Products at any time by going to the Settings menu.
If you have some question, feel free to contact us.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse