Privacy Policy - CameraMath
Crazysloth Privacy Policy
Dec 14 2023
Crazysloth Pte. Ltd. ("Crazysloth", "we," "us", "our") is the data controller for the purpose of the GDPR and other relevant laws. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, applies to CameraMath, Calculator Plus mobile application (the "Application") and the related website and its subdomains (the "Site") (the Application and the Site collectively the "Service"). We are a global company and committed to protecting your privacy.
We are committed to complying with data protection and privacy laws that apply to us. We do not sell information that identifies you personally with non-affiliated third parties. We will not sell or trade Personal Data for commercial purposes.
By visiting or using the Service, you consent to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Data We Collect
Data you provide to us
Data Type
Collected Data
Purpose of use
USER PROFILE
Email,Nickname,Role,Grade
This information is used to provide you with customized services.
SEARCHING HISTORY
The math questions you entered on the Service.
It helps us to optimize the question bank and provide better services to users.
IMAGE DATA
The images you send us, such as the images of math questions taken by your camera in the Application or the images you choose to upload.
This information is collected to improve the quality of the Service. We may also display these images on the Expert Q&A page of the Site so as to offer quick solutions to your math questions.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDED
We may collect information from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as messages, images, email addresses, or other content you send to us via email.
We may collect the information you include in the survey.
We collect the survey results only for the purpose of optimizing the service. If you do not wish to provide personal information, you can simply refuse to fill out the survey. If you want to delete the content you submitted to us, please contact
[email protected]
.
Automatically collected data
Data Type
Collected Data
Purpose of use
USAGE DATA
Users’ interaction behavior with the Service.
This information helps us understand how our Service is used and provides insight on how we can improve the user experience.
ANALYTICS DATA
Crash logs.
This information is used to provide you with better user experience on the Service.
DEVICE INFORMATION
Device Model, device OS Version, app version, time zone, random ID.
To provide you with the features and functionalities of the Services.
DEFENSE DATA
IP address(collected on the website only)
To prevent attacks on the network. For example, if someone attempts to attack our servers, the connection will be cut off immediately
Data Retention
We retain essential data such as usage data to maintain the Service, unless you request a deletion.
We store your Personal Data only as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected, to provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. We erase or destroy the records containing Personal Data when they are no longer required; this will be done in ways that will ensure your continued privacy.
Data Security
Crazysloth uses exceptionally strong safeguards to protect the privacy of all our records, including your Personal Data. We implement physical, business and technical security measures. These strong safeguards are designed to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, loss, theft, copying, use or modification to your Personal Data. Despite these efforts to store personal data collected in and through the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the security of personal data during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of personal data, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-parties such as so-called hackers from illegally obtaining access to personal data. We do not warrant or represent that personal data about you will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
Data Transfer
Crazysloth is a based in Singapore and some elements of the Service may be hosted on servers located in countries outside your own country. The laws applicable to the protection of personal data in such countries may be different from those applicable in your home country. The jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. In particular, if you are located within the European Union, please note that personal data collected by us is transferred outside the European Union / European Economic Area. You consent to personal data about you being transferred outside your own country and, where applicable, outside the European Union / European Economic Area.
Third-Parties
Some third parties may be able to collect certain information from you independently from us including third-party analytics-tool providers or advertisers. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, crash logs and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Service, and enable us to collect, monitor and analyze data regarding the use of the Service, in order to understand how users use the Service and to increase the functionality and user-friendliness of the Service, as well as to better tailor the Service to users’ needs.
You can find the information of such third parties listed here, as updated from time to time:
●
Service Provider
Google Programmable Search Engine
,
Mathpix
,
OpenAI
●
Analytics Tools
Google Analytics
,
Singular
●
Advertiser
Google AdMob
,
Google Adsense
●
Social Login Tools
Apple
,
Google
,
Facebook
●
Payment Processor
PayPal
,
Stripe
We assume no responsibility for the service, content or the privacy policies and practices of such third-parties. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of them; their privacy practices may differ from ours. The Third-Party Site may contain links to external websites that do not fall under Crazysloth domain.
Legal Basis
In line with the GDPR, we collect and process the data outlined in this Privacy Policy on one of the following bases, depending on the circumstances:
1. For the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations to users, including:
Providing users with the Services and Apps they have requested.
Managing user subscriptions and processing payments.
Providing customer support.
2. For a legitimate interest associated with the operation of our business, including:
Enhancing the quality, reliability, and effectiveness of our Site, Services, and Apps.
Communicating with customers to provide information and seek feedback related to our Services and Apps.
Your Rights
You have the following rights with respect to the personal data we hold about you:
1.The right to be informed; This means you have the right to know what data we are processing, why, and who else the data may be passed to.
2.The right of access; this is your right to see what data is held about you by Crazysloth.
3.The right to rectification; the right to have your data corrected or amended if what is held is incorrect in some way.
4.The right to erasure; under certain circumstances you can ask for your personal data to be deleted. This is also called ‘the Right to be Forgotten’. This would apply if the personal data is no longer required for the purposes it was collected for, or your consent for the processing of that data has been withdrawn, or the personal data has been unlawfully processed.
5.The right to restrict processing; this give you the right to ask for a temporary halt to processing of personal data, such as in the case where a dispute or legal case has to be concluded, or the data is being corrected.
6.The right to data portability; a Data Subject has the right to ask for any data supplied directly to the Data Controller by him or her, to be provided in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
7.The right to object; the Data Subject has the right to object to further processing of their data which is inconsistent with the primary purpose for which it was collected, including profiling, automation, and direct marketing.
8.Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling; Data Subjects have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing.
You can send an email to
[email protected]
to request access to, receive, restrict, or request deletion or rectification of Personal Data held about you by Crazysloth. In each case, we provide this information: We provide the receipt of a Verifiable Consumer Request without charge, and you can request us up to 2 occasions every 12 months. We will send you a portable, readily-usable format (e.g. XML, or CSV,etc) within 45 days. If reasonably necessary, we may extend this period by an additional 45 days after we notify you.
To protect your privacy, We require you to login to your account with a username and password before granting you access to or allowing you to make any changes to your Personal Data. We make good faith efforts to provide you with the ability to delete your Personal Data, however there may be circumstances in which we are unable to delete all your Personal Data. For example, we are unable to delete it where we are legally required to keep it, including where we need it to continue to offer you the service.
If we determine that your Personal Data cannot be deleted, we will explain why and provide a contact for further inquiries.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at
[email protected]
. We will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
Children's Privacy
Our services are not directed to children under 13 (or applicable age in your country). If we have unknowingly collected personal data from a child, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
Cookies
What are Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. It helps the site remember information about your visit, which can make it easier to visit the site again and make the site more useful to you.
Cookies we use
We use third-party analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, to support the operation and performance of the Site and analyze your interactions and experiences with the Site. You can find how to opt out of Google Analytics
here
. To find more information about how Google uses cookies, please see
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies
.
How to manage your cookies
If you do not wish to allow the use of cookies, you can disable them through your browser settings. You can restrict, block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings but that means that the website may not work properly.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We need to change our Privacy Policy from time to time in order to improve our Services. We encourage our users to review the newly updated Privacy Policy and stay informed about our privacy practices. Your continued use of our Site or Services after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
If you have any questions regarding to this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at
[email protected]
.