Latest Bollywood Songs Online, Download Hindi Mp3 songs, Free Music, Videos & Movies Online
Terms & Conditions
The Terms and Conditions of use set forth herein apply to the website/ application www.Hungama.com/ Hungama Music/ Hungama Play which is owned, operated, licensed and controlled by Hungama Digital Entertainment Media Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Hungama", "we" and/or "us") and is covered and protected by all laws including but not limited to copyright and trademark laws of India.
This website/application is for the purpose of providing digital content including sound recordings, video recordings, mobile wallpapers, ringtones and other entertainment applications. Users are not permitted to reproduce, distribute, modify, display or make use of the contents of this website/application, except download material in temporary storage on one computer/mobile solely for their personal and non-commercial use. Any unauthorized use of the services and content of the website/application may violate copyright laws, trademark laws as well as the laws of privacy and Hungama is not responsible for the same. 'Unauthorized use' shall mean and include any usage of the digital content provided on this website/application not in conformity with the rights granted with respect to the same. Except as expressly provided above, nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring any license or right under any copyright or other intellectual property right.
You Agree
Before you begin to explore and/or use the website/application, you ("you", "your", "yourself", and/or "user") will need to review these terms and conditions of use of the same. These terms and conditions will constitute a binding contract between you and Hungama ("Agreement"). These terms explain your obligation towards Hungama when you use the services of the website/application. By using this website/application, you agree that these terms of use are acceptable to you and you agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this website/application and it is hereby stated by Hungama that using this website/application without accepting the terms and conditions is tantamount to unauthorized usage, punishable by law. Hungama reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, alter, delete or remove portions of these terms. This Agreement shall continue to be in full force and effect for so long as you are using the services of the website/application. Your continued use of this website/application following the posting of any change or modification of these terms will mean you accept those changes or modifications. Hungama reserves the right to withdraw access to this website/application and to change, modify, revise the materials, products and pricing listed or offered through this website/application at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to check these terms and conditions periodically for changes.
Registration Details
To avail the services being provided on the website/application, you will be required to submit the information/data as required at the time of registering with the website/application or as may be required by Hungama from time to time. You agree to provide Hungama with accurate, complete and updated registration information. If you do not provide Hungama with accurate, complete and updated registration information, you are not authorized to use the services of the website/application and Hungama has the right to indefinitely suspend or terminate your account/subscription and refuse to provide you with access to. You further agree that, in providing such registration information, you will not knowingly or otherwise omit or misrepresent any material facts or information and that you will promptly enter correct and/or updated registration data/information, or otherwise advise us promptly in writing of any such changes or updates. You further consent and authorize Hungama to verify your registration data as may be required for your use of and access to the services of the website/application, as applicable.
You agree and understand that the services are advertising supported and you grant Hungama the right to disclose the registration data to third parties for the marketing of its services. Further you agree and grant Hungama the right to use your individual registration data to provide targeting of advertisements and other service offers. The use of this website/application is also subject to Hungama's Privacy Policy.
Definitions
Content:
All text, graphics, user interfaces, visual interfaces, photographs, trademarks, logos, sound recordings, video recordings, artwork and computer code (collectively, “Source Content”), including but not limited to the design, structure, selection, coordination, expression, “look and feel” and arrangement of such Source Content, contained on the website/application is owned, controlled or licensed by or to Hungama or its licensors, and is protected by copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws. Content on the website/application such as the synopsis, cast, crew, reviews, previews, themes, wallpapers, stills, screensaver, photographs, animation, data, information, database, design, games, interactive content, trailers, making, images, and any text, images, messages, newsletters, music, audio, video or its derivative, with or without sound, audio clips from sound recordings, created or collated by Hungama from the Source Content, may be granted by Hungama to you for personal and non-commercial use under this Agreement strictly in accordance with these terms and conditions and the end user license agreement.
Mobile Devices:
Mobile Devices are devices which have telephony capability, either inbuilt or by in conjunction with any device or software which allows it to have a telephony usage, accessed by wires or wireless which includes but is not limited to GSM, CDMA, WiFi, WiMax, TCP/IP, Internet or any other protocol, service or format, either existing at present or which may be invented in the future.
Mobile Service Providers:
Mobile Service Providers are entities who are in the business of providing telephony services to their consumers, either via wires or wireless, landline or mobile, via GSM, CDMA or any protocol.
Non Subscriber:
Refers to those users who do not subscribe to any subscription plans to avail any paid services available on the website/application and/or pay for particular services only on “a la carte” basis i.e. paying for one or more service(s) without a package deal.
Service:
Refers to the services provided by Hungama on the website/application, including but not limited to making available the content on the website/application for streaming/download purposes, etc.
Subscriber:
Refers to any user who subscribes to the Services of Hungama on the website/application.
Term:
The duration of the validity of your accessibility to the website/application and the content, depends upon the plan you have subscribed and the payment you have made.
Party/Parties
You and Hungama shall individually be referred to as "the Party" and collectively as "the Parties" unless otherwise stated.
Service Application
The website/application shall provide DRM-free file format for sampling and downloading content. The Services are provided to the Subscriber as per the selected subscription plan depending on the payment of Subscription fee, subject to certain limitations as described herein. The Subscribers are granted specified download rights of DRM-free media files from the catalog of website/application. You must have internet connection for accessing this website/application. It is essential that every user, Subscriber, must register with the terms of the website/application to use the Services available through the website/application. You shall be required to enter certain personal information, which will be governed as per the rules of Hungama's Privacy Policy and must pay fees as per the option selected by you for receiving uninterrupted service during the Term. To complete the enrolment process, you must fill the service registration form provided on the website.
The services include:
On-demand streaming of full length tracks, audio/visual or certain other premium features;
Mobile wallpapers;
Music Videos; and
Ringtones
Audio and Video Upload
Distribution Deal
Promotional Plan
User account and Security
All Subscribers shall have a user name and password. It shall be the sole responsibility of the Subscriber to maintain the confidentiality and security of their account. You should not reveal your account information to anyone else or use anyone else's account. Your 'user account' and password are personal and should be kept confidential. You agree that you will not allow another person to use your 'user account' to access and use the service under any circumstances. You are solely and entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your 'user account' and for any charges, damages, liabilities or losses incurred or suffered as a result of your failure to do so. You acknowledge that Hungama is not liable in any manner whatsoever for any harm caused by or related to the theft of your account information, your disclosure of your 'user account', or your authorization to allow another person to access and use the services using your 'user account'. Furthermore, you are solely and entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account including any charges incurred relating to the services and you agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of your account or any other breach of security.
Although Hungama will not be liable for any losses you may incur due to any unauthorized use of your 'user account', you may be liable for the losses of Hungama and/or other users due to such unauthorized use. In consideration of your use of the website/application and services provided therein, you agree, where information is requested, to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, and to maintain and update it promptly. You agree that if any information you provide is false, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we may terminate your use of the website/application and/or the Services provided there under.
When you register on the website/application, from time to time, Hungama might, initially allow you to have an option to avail one of the Services of your choice, free of cost, as provided on the website/application. This is a free trial given to newly registered users during which users can try out any one Service for free of cost for a limited period as may be prescribed for particular Services ("Free Service Period"). Before expiry of the said Free Service Period, you shall be given an option to discontinue or continue the Services on the website/application. If you chose to continue, you will have to pay for the Services as per your selection from the options provided on the website/application. The Free Service Period will expire anytime after midnight on the last day of the Free Service Period. If you subscribe to a Service after you have already received/completed a Free Service Period on such Service, you will have to pay immediately upon registration. Free service is also limited to one per credit card. Should 2 (two) customers use the same credit card to subscribe to website/application services; only the first customer is eligible to receive a Free Service Period.
Fee & Payments
The Price List for each Service is displayed on the website/application representing the full retail price listed for each Service. You shall pay for the Service that you chose from the options given on the website/application. The Price List mentions the prices of each service in each country denoted in their respective currency and the user shall pay in the currency of their country.
The website/application allows the users to subscribe to the Content available on the website, using the following forms of payments. Hungama may withdraw any of the following payment option at its sole discretion:
Credit Cards;
Debit Cards;
Internet Banking (for Indian customers only);
Redeem with coins
You agree that you shall make timely payment of all fees for the services. If you want to designate a different payment card or if there is a change in your payment mode or account status, you must inform online to Hungama. You must provide the website/application with the aforesaid information at least 7 (seven) days prior to such change being applicable to avoid temporary disruption or delay in the services until the website/application authorities verify the validity of the new payment card or mode other than the unlimited download pack, for which the user will have to make a transaction on the website.
You agree, understand and confirm that the credit card details provided by you for availing of Services on the website/application will be correct and accurate and you shall not use the credit card which is not lawfully owned by you.
Hungama reserves the right to change the prices of the products and services and the availability of the services at its sole discretion.
Payment made by credit card or any other mode as mentioned above should be received by Hungama on time. If for any reason Hungama does not receive payment from the credit card issuer or any agent involved in any of the above payment modes, you agree that you shall pay all amounts due upon demand by Hungama.
Hungama is not responsible for your delay in making payments to Hungama and hence in the event your account is deactivated if there are unpaid dues from you, Hungama is not responsible and you may have to re-register yourself on the website/application.
You further agree and undertake that you are accessing the services available on this website/application and transacting at your sole risk and are using your best and prudent judgment before entering into any transaction through this website.
Hungama accepts no responsibility/liability for any errors or omissions, whether on behalf of itself or third parties. Further Hungama shall not be responsible for any non-performance or breach of any contract entered into between users.
Loyalty and Gamification Program
With a unique loyalty program, the website/application rewards you for every action on the website/application. You can earn coins every time you watch videos, play/share music, invite friends or even create your own playlists on website/application. Once you have collected the coins, the coins can be redeemed to download music, videos & content and watch online movies. Redemption of coins can be done on the website/application.
The coins collected by you have a validity period within which you will be required to redeem the coins collected. Once the validity of the coins expires the expired coins will be automatically purged from your account. Hungama reserves the right to purge the coins collected by you at any time without any prior notice to you. Hungama may run campaigns or send in application notifications to you from time to time on redemption of the coins collected by you. If it is noticed that you have collected coins in any manner other than provided for hereinabove, Hungama shall, at its sole discretion, purge such coins collected by you and take such action against you as may deem fit by Hungama.
Intellectual Property Rights
It is hereby specifically recorded that the Source Content and the content available as part of the services is the sole and exclusive property of Hungama and/or its licensors and is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Intellectual Property Rights for the purpose of this Agreement shall always mean and include copyrights whether registered or not, patents including rights of filing patents, trade marks, trade names, trade dresses, house marks, collective marks, associate marks and the right to register them, designs both industrial and layout, geographical indicators, moral rights, broadcasting rights, displaying rights, distribution rights, selling rights, abridged rights, translating rights, reproducing rights, performing rights, communicating rights, adapting rights, circulating rights, protected rights, joint rights, reciprocating rights, infringement rights and all those special rights conferred as a result of the Berne Convention, 1979 individually as a result of prospective local laws in accordance with the Convention and the Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights Agreement of the World Trade Organization. All those intellectual property rights arising as a result of domain names, Internet or any other form of an electronic/technological law shall also vest in the domain of Hungama. The Parties hereto agree and confirm that no part of any intellectual property rights mentioned hereinabove is transferred in the name of user and any intellectual property rights arising as a result of these presents shall also be in the absolute ownership, possession and control of Hungama.
Your request to license a track by downloading is personal to you, and the track shall not be used, sold, rented, transferred, licensed or otherwise provided to any other person/user by you. License to downloaded tracks include only those rights explicitly stated in the services (typically, the right to play back for your own personal use from your personal computer, CD player, digital player, or other personal consumer electronic devices including a Mobile Device), and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include the right to create a derivative work, to make copies other than for your own personal use, or to use the track in any commercial manner. Please note that your Mobile Service Provider may charge you for downloading and/or using the services of the website/application on your Mobile Device, Hungama takes no responsibility for any such charges levied by any Mobile Service Provider.
You shall promptly notify Hungama in writing upon your discovery of any unauthorized use or infringement of the services (or its contents) or Hungama's patent, copyright, trade secret, trademarks or other intellectual property rights. The services provided contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions.
Reviews, Comments, Communications, and Other Content
You may post reviews, comments, and other content; send other communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, offensive to any caste, class, community or individual, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam". You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Hungama reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content
If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Hungama a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Hungama and/or its sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy; that the content you supply does not violate any law in force in India and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Hungama for all claims resulting from the content you supply. Hungama takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
You are solely responsible for the content including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features and the like that you post on the website, and any material or information that you transmit to other users and for your interactions with other users. Hungama does not endorse and has no control over such content that you post. Hungama makes no warranties, express or implied, as to the content posted/submitted by you or to the accuracy and reliability of such content or any material or information that you transmit to other users.
Hungama may delete any such content posted or submitted by you, for any or no reason, including postings that in our sole judgment violate these terms and conditions of use or which may be offensive, illegal or violate the rights of any person or entity, or harm or threaten the safety of any person or entity. Hungama assumes no responsibility for inappropriate postings/content posted by you/users or conduct of the users on this website. If at any time Hungama chooses, in its sole discretion, to monitor the postings, Hungama nonetheless assumes no responsibility for the postings and no responsibility for the conduct of the user submitting any such postings/content.
KINDLY NOTE THAT HUNGAMA PROHIBITS PORNOGRAPHY ON ITS WEBSITE. Please choose carefully the information you post on the website/application and that you provide to other users. Your profile must not include any photographs containing nudity, or obscene, lewd, excessively violent, harassing, sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable subject matter. STRINGENT PENAL AND CRIMINAL ACTIONS WILL BE INITIATED AGAINST THOSE FOUND INDULGING IN ABOVE REFERRED ACTIVITIES. Any user or member who publishes or transmits or causes to be published in the electronic form, any material which is lascivious or appeals to the prurient interest or if its effect is such as to tend to deprave and corrupt people who are likely, having regard to all relevant circumstances, to read, see or hear the matter contained or embodied in it shall be strictly treated under the provision of Section 67 of the Information Technology Act 2000 and as per the provisions of Indian Penal Code and other appropriate statutes applicable in that scenario. Despite this prohibition, information provided by other users (for instance, in their profile) may contain inaccurate, inappropriate, offensive or sexually explicit material, products or services, and Hungama assumes no responsibility or liability for this material. If you become aware of misuse of the services provided by Hungama by any person, please contact Privacy Coordinator.
Termination
If you violate, breach or fail to comply with any clause of this Agreement, we may terminate this Agreement or restrict or suspend or terminate your use of the services of immediately and without notice. You may terminate the services by ceasing to use the website. Your determination of the services shall lead to cessation of your access to the services you have subscribed for. However, you cannot escape your liabilities and obligations to pay accrued charges, if any, till date of termination of service reflecting as unpaid in your account.
We reserve the right to terminate your use of the services/subscription, without cause, upon reasonable notice. In case such termination occurs in the middle of your subscription period and you have not exhausted the downloads permitted to you under the applicable payment plan, we shall refund to you the unutilized share of your prepaid subscription fee for the remaining unused downloads which shall be calculated on a pro-rata basis incase of unlimited usage accounts.
The failure of Hungama to take any action in respect of a breach of these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of their enforceability. Hungama reserves its rights in respect of these terms and conditions at all times.
Link to Other Sites
The website/application may contain links to other independent third-party web sites ("Linked Sites"). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to the users. Such Linked Sites are not under Hungama's control, and Hungama is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such Linked Sites, including any information or materials contained on such Linked Sites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Sites.
Technology Limitations and Modifications to Service
It is the duty and responsibility of Hungama to keep your account and the service(s) operational. However, in case of any technical difficulties or for maintenance, if it results in temporary interruption, Hungama will make reasonable efforts to rectify the snag as early as possible.
If, for any technical reason and under unavoidable circumstances Hungama needs to discontinue, temporarily or permanently, functions and features of the application and service(s) with or without notice, or if any tracks in any particular catalog may no longer be available due to technical or contractual rights, Hungama reserves right to change and replace the tracks or albums or any other content available at any time.
Under the said circumstances, Hungama shall not be liable for any of the direct or indirect consequences of any modification, malfunction, suspension, discontinuance of or interruption to or of any of the services as the same may be treated as Force Majeure.
You also shall not use, nor allow others to use, your account, the services/subscription, directly or indirectly, to: (a) attempt to or actually disrupt, impair or interfere with, alter or modify the services or any information, data or materials posted and/or displayed by us or anyone else; (b) act in a way that affects or reflects negatively on us, the services, or anyone else; (c) collect or attempt to collect any information from others including, without limitation, personally identifiable information, without such party's prior consent. You agree to comply with all local, state, federal laws, statutes, rules and regulations, as well as any international treaties, which are applicable to your use of the website.
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the website, including, without limitation: (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging onto a processor, communications or access device or account which you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the website/application or to breach security or authentication measures, regardless of your motives or intent; (c) attempting to interfere with or disrupt the services to any user, processor, host or network, including, without limitation, by submitting a virus, worm or Trojan horse; or (d) sending unsolicited e-mail or other information, including promotions or advertising. Violations of system or network security or this Agreement may result in civil or criminal liability. We have the right to investigate occurrences, which may involve such violations and we may involve, provide information to and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, "robots," "spiders," "offline readers," etc., that accesses the website/application in a manner that sends more request messages to the Hungama servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a convention on-line web browser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Hungama grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. Hungama reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases. You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the website, nor to use the communication systems provided by the website/application for any commercial solicitation purposes.
Any illegal and/or unauthorized use of the services and/or the website, including unauthorized framing of or linking to the website/application will be investigated and appropriate legal action will be taken, including without limitation, civil, criminal and injunctive redress.
Disclaimer
AS PROVIDED ABOVE, ALL INFORMATION, TECHNOLOGY AND SERVICE PROVIDED SHALL, AT ALL TIMES, BE ON A "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND HUNGAMA HEREBY STATES THAT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE APPLICATION OR ITS OPERATION IS NOT UNDERTAKEN BY HUNGAMA. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HUNGAMA AND ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS DISTRIBUTION AND SYNDICATION PARTNERS, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. HUNGAMA MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE APPLICATION WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE APPLICATION SHALL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES HUNGAMA MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE APPLICATION OR AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE APPLICATION. HUNGAMA MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING ANY GOODS OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE APPLICATION OR ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE APPLICATION.
Limitation of Liability
HUNGAMA HAS MADE THIS SERVICE AVAILABLE TO USERS AS A MATTER OF CONVENIENCE. HUNGAMA EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY CLAIM OR LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF UPLOADING OF ANY OBSCENE, VULGAR OR PORNOGRAPHIC CONTENT OR ALTERING OR DISTORTING THE CONTENT AVAILABLE UNDER THE SERVICE IN AN OBSCENE, VULGAR OR PORNOGRAPHIC MANNER. YOU AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU SHALL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR CONDUCT AND THE HUNGAMA RESERVES THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE YOUR RIGHTS TO USE THE SERVICE IMMEDIATELY, NOTWITHSTANDING PENAL PROVISIONS UNDER THE APPLICABLE LAWS.
IN NO EVENT SHALL HUNGAMA OR ITS LICENSORS OR ANY OF THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE ANY SERVICE FOR INTERRUPTED COMMUNICATIONS, DELAY, LOST DATA OR LOST PROFITS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF HUNGAMA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, BUT THEY SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR ANY OF OUR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE AMOUNT PAID FOR THE APPLICATION OR THE SPECIFIC ITEM OF CONTENT GIVING RISE TO THE APPLICABLE CLAIM FOR DIRECT DAMAGES.
THIS CLAUSE SHALL SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OR EXPIRY OF THIS AGREEMENT.
Indemnification
You hereby agree to indemnify and hold Hungama, its agents, contractors, members, subsidiaries, affiliates, service providers, syndicators, distributors, licensors, officers, directors and employees, harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including attorney's fees, suffered by Hungama as a result of a breach of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by you and from any claim brought by third parties alleging that use of the Services and/or website/application by you or under your account has infringed any intellectual property or other right of any kind, or any applicable laws or regulation including but not limited to payment of statutory dues and taxes, claim of libel, defamation, violation of rights of privacy or publicity, loss of service by other users and infringement of intellectual property or other rights. You shall provide Hungama with notice of such claims, full authority to defend, compromise or settle such claims and reasonable assistance necessary to defend such claims, at your sole expense.
Governing Law
Any dispute arising out of the terms and conditions set herein, the website, or the services available on the website/application shall be governed by the laws of India and the court of Mumbai, India shall have the non-exclusive jurisdiction with respect thereto. Use of the website/application is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this clause. You agree to indemnify and hold Hungama, its subsidiaries, affiliates, directors, officers and employees, harmless from any claim, demand or damage, including reasonable attorney's fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the website.
General Provisions
No failure or delay in enforcing any provision, exercising any option or requiring performance, shall be construed to be a waiver of that or any other right in connection with this Agreement.
If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it is, to that extent, deemed omitted and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each party's permitted successors and assigns. This Agreement is personal to you and may not be transferred, assigned or delegated to anyone. Any attempt by you to assign, transfer or delegate this Agreement shall be null and void. This Agreement (including all documents expressly incorporated herein by reference, including but not limited to the Hungama's Privacy Policy and the end user license agreement) constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between Hungama and you with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and Hungama with respect to the services and the use of the website.
Hungama may change/modify/alter this Agreement at any time in its sole discretion. In case of material change only will be posted by issuance of notice at the email address on file for your account. If the said change/modification/alteration is unacceptable to you, you agree that your only recourse is to terminate your use of the service(s) as provided herein. Your continued use of any service following our posting of a change of terms will constitute your voluntary acceptance of the change, until such time as you terminate your usage.
This Agreement, together with our Privacy Policy, the end user license agreement and any other rules, regulations, procedures and policies herein, constitutes the entire agreement between you and Hungama with respect to the services on the website/application and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and Hungama with respect to the services.
The terms herein are subject to prevailing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this Agreement is in derogation of our right to comply with statutory requests or requirements relating to your use of the services or information provided to or gathered by Hungama with respect to such use.
Use of the services and the website/application is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, shall be Governed by laws of India.
It is agreed that the rights herein are non-transferable. You shall therefore not assign/transfer any of your rights under this Agreement and any attempt by you to do so shall be void-ab-initio and not enforceable.
This Agreement or any other communication in electronic form or printed shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings as if produced in printed form.
You hereby confirm that you shall abide to these Terms & Conditions and shall also abide to all the applicable laws of the land.
Content on this website/application may occasionally contain strong language (which may be unsuitable for children), unusual humor (which may be unsuitable for adults), nudity, violence, and imitable behavior etc. Viewers are requested to exercise discretion when listening to and / or viewing such content.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the website/application titled www.hungama.com/ Hungama Play/ Hungama Music which is owned, operated, licensed and controlled by Hungama Digital Entertainment Media Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Hungama", "we" and/or "us") and is covered and protected by all laws including but not limited to copyright and trademark laws of India.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED ABOUT OUR USERS AND MEMBERS?
The information that we collect about you while you are using the website/application falls into the following general categories.
User provided information
We may collect and store information, personal or otherwise, that you voluntarily supply either while on the website/application or in responding via email in connection with a feature provided on the website/application. Such information may include demographic information that you electronically submit when you sign up for access to certain features on the website/application, information (such as your name or email address or mobile number) that you electronically submit when you register for surveys or contests on the website/application, information that you post on message boards on the website/application, and information contained in search requests or questions that you submit to the website/application. If you decline to supply or provide us with certain information while using the website/application, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the website/application.
Cookies information
When you visit the website/application, we may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the website/application. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the website/application may not function properly. In addition, third party advertisers or third party ad servers that place and present advertising on the website/application also may collect information from you via cookies, web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies. These third party advertisers and ad servers may use the information they collect to help present their advertisements, to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness, or for other uses. The use and collection of your information by these third party advertisers and ad servers is governed by the relevant third party's privacy policy and is not covered by our privacy policy and we shall not be responsible for such third party's acts / use of such information. Indeed, the privacy policy of these third party advertisers and ad servers may be different from our privacy policy.
Log file information
When you use the website/application, Hungama servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website/application. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Further, we gather information when you are accessing / availing our Services. Such information shall include, information about your (i) Service plans with Hungama (ii) the genre / created playlists / searched content / browsing history etc. and any such similar interactions with the Hungama Services. Such information collected by us based upon your usage of Hungama Services, helps us in recommending content based upon your interest and preferences.
Clear / Transparent GIFs information
When you use the website/application, we may employ "clear GIFs" (Web Beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users / members anonymously. In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients.
E-mail Communications
To make e-mails more useful and interesting, often receives a confirmation when you open e-mail from if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.
HOW IS THIS INFORMATION USED?
If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the website/application, we may use your personal information to operate, maintain and provide to you the features and functionality of the website/application.
Any personal information or video content that you voluntarily disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, within your public profile page, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected, seen and used by others besides us. We cannot be and are not responsible for any unauthorized third party use of such information. Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other users / members when you upload videos or send messages through the website/application and other users / members can contact you through messages and comments. Any videos that you submit to the website/application may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.
We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may provide our advertisers with information about you and other visitors that will enable our advertisers to better target ads to specific types of visitors. We reserve the right to use and to disclose to third parties all of the information that we collect online about you and other visitors in any way and for any purpose, with one important exception viz. We will not use the information that we collect online from you while you are using the website/application, nor will we authorize third parties to use such information, to mail or email promotional offers directly to you unless you have specifically informed us that you would like to receive promotional offers from us and/or from third parties. If you choose to receive these promotional offers, then your information may be used for direct mail or email marketing. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major website/application changes or for customer service purposes). We may also make certain personal information about you available to the companies we have a strategic relationship with or that provide services to you on our behalf.
We use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous user usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, click stream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the website/application and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing user / member preferences and trends.
We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the website/application; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, and contests.
The website/application includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another websites or purchase third party products or services through the third party websites, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the third party websites you are visiting or the provider of such products or services.
We may also make some content, products and services available through our website/application through cooperative relationships with third party providers, where the brands of our provider partner appear on the website/application in connection with such content, products and/or services. We may share with our provider partner any information you provide, or that is collected, in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner. In some cases, the provider partner may collect information from you directly; in which cases the privacy policy of the provider partner may apply to the provider partner's use of your information. The privacy policy of the provider partners may differ from ours. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our provider partners, you should contact the provider partner directly for more information. Be aware that we may occasionally release information about visitors / members when such release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our terms of service agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety of users of the third party websites.
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets, or our website/application is acquired by another company, information about our visitors may be among the transferred assets.
WHEN DOES DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION?
We provide personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information to our subsidiaries, affiliate companies, or other businesses or people for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our privacy policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We do share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the website/application.
We may release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with any law or to respond to a court order or an order from any governing body or statutory authority.
Hungama and also reserve the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that Hungama believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our 'terms and conditions of use', take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of our website/application, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Hungama, , our users / members or others.
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDRENS' PRIVACY
The website/application is NOT directed to or INTENTED for individuals under the age of 18 (eighteen). An individual less than 18 (eighteen) years of age SHOULD not register to use the website/application but if you are above 13 (thirteen) years of age or older but below 18 (eighteen) years, you may be granted access by providing either of your parent's Email IDs and an Email will be sent informing the parent that their ward has registered himself / herself to use the Hungama services through the website/application. If you are a parent of a child under the age of 18 (eighteen) and you have questions about our website/application or Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact the Privacy Coordinator. Parent's of such underage individuals will be legally bound by any Acts / Deeds / Violation of Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy and the end user license agreement.
OUR ASSURANCE & COMMITMENT TOWARDS DATA SECURITY
Use commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
If Hungama learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Hungama may post a notice on the website/application if a security breach occurs. To receive a free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you should notify the Privacy Coordinator.
DATA RETENTION / DELETION
We endeavor to keep our records updated and accurate with your latest information. You shall be responsible to ensure that the information or data you provide from time to time is and shall be correct, current, accurate and updated and you have all the rights, permissions and consent to provide such information or data.
You may request access, correction or updation, and/or deletion of the information/data by contacting us at
support@hungama.com
. In case you request for deletion, we shall delete your data, unless we are legally allowed or required to maintain certain personal data.
You may note that deletion of any/all information or withdrawal of consent by you, may lead to cancellation of your registration with us or your access to our services.
SPECIAL NOTE TO INTERNATIONAL USERS / MEMBERS
Hungama is registered in India. If you are a user / member accessing the website/application from any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, user, protection and disclosure, that differ from the applicable Indian laws, please note that through your use of the website/application, this Privacy Policy, end use license agreement and our Terms and Conditions of Use, you are transferring your Personal Information to India and you are giving a complete consent for the mentioned transfer. Hungama and will, at any point of time, be complying with the legal provisions on the subject matter, as applicable in India from time to time.
CHANGES TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ON THE WEBSITE/APPLICATION
Notification of Changes
Hungama reserve the right at any time to: change the terms of this policy; change the services provided on the website/application, including eliminating or modifying any content on or feature of the website/application; or change / charge any fees or charges for use of the services available on the website/application.
Conflict Resolution
Hungama is committed to resolving disputes as soon as feasible and shall endeavor to resolve all disputes brought to our notice in keeping with the mechanism prescribed.
Access / Choice
You may at any time modify your registration information by clicking on the "Edit Profile" subsection of the "My Account" area of the website/application, so long as you continue to provide us with certain information required to maintain your subscription (such as a valid email address). Also, marketing e-mails from will come with instructions for un-subscribing from our email mailing list
Content Feedback
Should you have any concerns or complaints on any content available on
Hungama.com
; you can write to:
Grievance Officer: Mr. Milind Thatte
Email:
grievance.officer@hungama.com