Story Maker Privacy & Policy
Story Maker Privacy Policy
Last updated:07.01.2022
GongaDev operates Story Maker Android Applications. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of Story Maker Application.
Information Collection and Use
The Application doesn't collect any personalized data.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Inc.)
After user consent (described above) the Application uses Google Analytics for Firebase. Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy. Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation of the other tools used by the Owner. This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service. Users may opt-out of the use of Firebase in Story Maker, after opt-in. By default, the Application doesn't use Firebase.
Google Analytics retains ID-associated data for 60 days and retains aggregate reporting and campaign data for 14 months.
Personal Data collected: Cookies, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data.
Place of processing: USA –
Privacy Policy
.
Advertising
3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on MoApps apps, possibly based on user interests.
Admob
We use Admob by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob
Privacy Policy
.
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner. In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to the processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.

E-Mail:
gongadev@gmail.com