Day to Day Expenses
Day to Day Expenses
Home
Features
Contact
Frequently Asked Questions
What's new
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated [11 October, 2021]
We respect the privacy of you. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit day to day expenses mobile application.   Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE APPLICATION.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason.  We will alert you about any changes by updating the “Last updated” date of this Privacy Policy.  You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party applications we use to enable optional services that are completely controllable by you such has back-up of data, in-app notification, application store from where OUR Application is downloaded etc. including google play store, google drive, ad-mob, google push notification services etc., which may also collect and use data about you.  We are not responsible for any of the data collected by any such third party application or services you may use.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you to offer you some of the applications feature.  The information we may collect via this application depends on the content and materials you use, and includes:
Personal Data
Demographic and other personally identifiable information such as, user name, first name, last name, middle name, date of birth, email id, mobile number, telephone number etc. that you voluntarily give to us when choosing to access application features such as profile management, account management, transaction management, budget etc. will remain within your mobile device. OUR Application do not extract or publish your data to any other devices, remote machines or servers. The data will always remain intact within the mobile device from which you access OUR Application.
If you choose to share data about yourself via other means such as, online, social media such as facebook, whatsapp, instagram, or other interactive applications outside of OUR Application, please be advised that all data you disclose in these areas is public and your data will be accessible to anyone who accesses those information.
Derivative Data
OUR Application runs entirely on your mobile device. Hence we do not collect any information when you access OUR Application or process them either online or offline.
Financial Data
Financial information, such as data related to your income, expenses, budget, goals etc. that we may collect as part of OUR Application features are limited to the information you voluntarily provide us. Otherwise, the application do not access, process or store any other information that arent provided by you. The data is stored within the mobile device from which you access OUR application.
Mobile Device Access
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s bluetooth, calendar, camera, contacts, SMS messages, storage and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Push Notifications
We may request to send you push notifications regarding the Application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device’s settings.
Third-Party Data
Information from third parties, such as personal information or network friends, if you connect your account to the third party and grant the Application permission to access this information.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Having accurate information about you will help you to efficiently use the application and permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience.  Specifically, we may use information collected and stored about you via the Application to:
Create and manage your account within your device
Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the Application more personalized.
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Application.
Notify you of updates to the Application.
Resolve technical issues and troubleshoot problems.
Solicit support for the Application.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We do not control any information you have voluntarily provided in OUR Application. Information is stored and contained within the mobile device from which you access OUR application. Hence, we may not be able to share any information about you with anyone under any circumstances. Your anonymised data may be used by third party services;
Third-Party Advertisers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Application. These companies may use information about your visits to the Application and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Affiliates
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates includes our other mobile applications such as day to day invoices, day to day vehicle maintenance, Indian Veg Recipes and parama finsolutions that we control or that are under common control with us.
Offer Wall
The Application may display a third-party-hosted “offer wall.”  Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer.  Such an offer wall may appear in the Application and be displayed to you based on certain data, such as your geographic area or demographic information.  When you click on an offer wall, you will leave the Application.  A unique identifier, such as your user ID, will be shared with the offer wall provider in order to prevent fraud and properly credit your account.
Sale
If we reorganize or sell all or a portion of our assets, undergo a merger, or are acquired by another entity, we may transfer your information to the successor entity. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that the transferee may decline honor commitments we made in this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations.  If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies and Web Beacons
We may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on the Application to help customize the Application and improve your experience. When you access the Application, your personal information is not collected through the use of tracking technology. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can remove or reject cookies, but be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the Application. You may not decline web beacons. However, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or by modifying your web browser’s settings to notify you each time a cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.
Internet-Based Advertising
Additionally, we may use third-party software to serve ads on the Application, implement email marketing campaigns, and manage other interactive marketing initiatives.  This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us.
You should be aware that getting a new computer or mobile device, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Application may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Application, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Application.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
The app and the data resides entirely on the mobile device from which you access OUR Application. We do not hold or control any other security measure that can help you protect your personal information. You must keep your mobile phone safe and keep its operating environment clear of any security vulnerabilities.
Please be aware that despite of all the efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse.  Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
We do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected.  No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online.  If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Logging into your account settings and updating your account
Deleting OUR mobile Application from the device from which you access
Uninstalling the app from settings of your mobile device.
Upon your request to terminate your account,the mobile application and the data will be deleted from the device.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

         developer.daytodayexpenses@gmail.com
Our Website
Note : Do not download this app from any other sources other than Google Play Store.