SaiSoft-Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by
SaiSoft
(‘I’,’me’, ‘my’) through my
                mobile
                applications and related services and how I use that information.
I Don’t Collect Any Personal Information with My Mobile Applications
When you download and use my mobile applications, I don’t require you to provide any information and I
                don’t collect any information about you or your device. In other words, I do not collect information
                such as your full name, address, phone number or email address.
I Don’t Collect Information of Children
My mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. I don’t knowingly
                collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user
                identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, I will not
                collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Location Information
I do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
Sharing of information
I do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other
                companies.
Analytics
I collect some anonymous usage information to help me improve my mobile applications. I use third party
                analytics services (Firebase Analytics) that may collect data as a device type and OS, an app
                identifier, unique device identifiers, app session time, events and lengths.
Firebase Analytics (Google Inc.)
Firebase Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data
                collected to track and examine the use of my mobile applications, to prepare reports on their activities
                and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
                network.
Analytics collected: Cookie and Usage data.
Place of processing: USA –
Privacy Policy
Advertising
These services allow User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the
                form of banners and other advertisements on my mobile applications, possibly based on User
                interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use
                are shown below.
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
Privacy Policy
When You Request Support, You May Send Me Email
I allow users to contact me if they have questions about use of my mobile applications. If you submit a
                support request, I may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your
                support request. I use Support Information only to provide support to you.
Contact Me
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send me an email at
support@saisoft.io
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
I may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information I collect is subject to the Privacy
                Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
Last updated: March 12, 2017