Privacy Policy: Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Friday, February 10, 2017
Privacy Policy
At Andy Studio we recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to your use of the Andy Studio applications on all platforms (the "Product").
Andy Studio ("us" or "we") has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage, statistics, input while using our apps would be collected. By using our Product you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content, including photos, voices, comments and other materials ("User Content"), to the Product and to share User Content publicly.
WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT ?
We may collect information about device such as its operation system, language and Android ID, your IP address and log files.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION ?
We may use your information only for serving you better as below:
To personalize user experience;
To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and develop our services;
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED
Non-Personal Information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
We may disclose your non-personal information for promotion purpose to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws. We would not disclose, sell your personal information such as your name, local address , photo to the third party without your prior consent.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE AND SERVICES
The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements. If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that websites or service, and not to this Privacy Policy. We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information. Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service. You agree that
Andy Studio
will have no liability for any matters relating to a third-party website or service that you provide information to, including their collection and handling of that information.
SECURITY
Andy Studio is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, the Services or the Site, please contact us at
andythang1211@gmail.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.
If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.
Posted by
Andy Studio
at
10:48 PM
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Home
About Me
Andy Studio
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
▼
2017
(1)
▼
February
(1)
Privacy Policy
Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by
Blogger
.