Privacy policy – Aerotools
Skip to content
Home
Privacy policy
Contact
Search for:
Aerotools
the best salutions
Menu
Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
1 .Privacy Policy for Android mobile applications.
aerotools(“We has developed this privacy policy to help users to understand how we get , use and protect the information of the user . By installing and using the our applications, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not agree, please do not install our applications.
2. Personal Data
We do NOT collect any personal data with anyone. Your vedios and photos phone numbers or any Personal data means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address, Contects etc).
3. Non-personal Data
We may disclose non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect non-personal data through their own embedded technology. In order to deliver targeted ads to you, the third-party advertising companies may place or recognize unique cookies, anonymous identifiers or similar technology for non-personally identifiable information. Non-personal data means information that, by itself, does not personally identify you. We may collect non-personal data such as your device model number, operating system version, country code and other properties for purposes of managing the apps and communicating with you, as well as for targeted ad-serving.
4. Camera data
Some of the application may request your camera data. It is used to capturs for the pupose of editing and you don not share any photo data with anyone app or person
5. Contects Data
Some of ours applicatins use contects of by your premission, we don’t share any of your data with any third parties
6. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
We disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other legal processes as well as to establish/exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will share non-Personal data and personal data in order to investigate, prevent or take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.
Like
Loading...
Website Built with WordPress.com
.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Subscribe
Subscribed
Aerotools
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Aerotools
Customize
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d