Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION.
In this document, we use Pavel Donov to refer all Apps & Services of Pavel Donov including Offline Translator S&T FREE, and other our apps on iOS App Store, Google Play Store and Huawei App Gallery.
Pavel Donov ('we,' 'us' or 'our') takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy policy ('Privacy policy') explains our data protection policy and describes the types of information we may process when you install and/or use Pavel Donov software application for mobile devices (the 'App', 'our App').
When we refer to personal data (or personal information) we mean any information of any kind relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to such data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who access the App ('Users').
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller, unless otherwise stated.
INFORMATION WE PROCESS
There are several categories of information that can be processed.
Functional Information
We ask for and process the following personal information when you use the App. This information is necessary for the adequate
performance of the contract
between you and us. Without such information it is impossible to provide complete functionality of the App and perform the requested services.
Activity Information
directly related to your use of the App. We may have technical access to your microphone for audio recording, device storage for saving and playing records and camera roll required to analyze the document info (file format, number of pages, etc) and available instruments for document editing. However, we cannot collect, store or use the data contained in your camera roll.
All scanned documents and records are stored locally on your device, they are inaccessible either to us or to any third party. Only you can share documents to certain party by exporting them through the App.
The App gains access to the camera, storage, and microphone only when the user directly interacts with them while working with the application. There are no hidden uses of these resources.
Information That Is Processed Automatically
When you use the App, some information about your device and your user behaviour may be processed automatically. This information is generally non-personal, i.e. it does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual, and we may access it only in aggregated form. We process this information on the ground of our
legitimate interest
in improving our App and giving our users the best experience. If we do not access such data we may not be able to provide you with all the features of the App.
We use third-party automatic data processing technologies to analyze certain information sent by your device via our App (advertising or analytics tools). Some of them launch automated processing of your personal data, including profiling, which means any form of automated processing of personal data used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to you, in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning your personal preferences, interests, behavior, location or movements (see the list of data described below). Processing information through automatic data processing technologies starts automatically when you first time launch the App.
Device Details.
When you use a mobile device (tablet / phone / smartwatch) to access our App, some of details about your device are reported, including 'device identifiers'. Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device (but not your personality). Device identifier enables generalized reporting or personalized content and ads by the third parties.What data can be processed:
Information about the device itself: type of your device, type of operating system and its version, model and manufacturer, screen size, screen density, orientation, audio volume and battery, device memory usage.
Information about the internet connection: mobile carrier, network provider, network type, IP address, timestamp and duration of sessions, speed, browser.
Location-related information: IP address, the country code/ region/ state/ city associated with your SIM card or your device, language setting, time zone, neighboring commercial points of interest (eg. 'coffee shop').
Device identifiers: Identity For Advertisers for iOs devices/ Advertising ID or Android ID for Android devices, user identifiers (if they are set up by the App's developer).
Information about the applications
. Name, API key (identifier for application), version, properties of our App can be reported for automated processing and analyzes. Some services also record the list of applications and/or processes which are installed or run on your device.
Log file information.
Log file information is automatically reported each time you make a request to access the App. It can also be provided when the App is installed on your device. When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record certain log file information, including time and date when you start and stop using the App, and how you interact with the App.
Ad-related information
. The following data might be reported about the ads you can view: the date and time a particular ad is served; a record if that ad was 'clicked' or if it was shown as a 'conversion' event; what the ad offer is about; what type of ad it is (e.g., text, image, or video); which ad placement is involved (where the ad offer is displayed within the App); whether you respond to the ad.
In-app events.
When you use our App, analytics tools automatically record your activity information (tutorial steps, levelling up, payments, in-app purchases, custom events, progression events, method of limiting the processing of user data).
Information provided automatically to advertising or analytics tools does not generally come to our control, therefore we cannot be responsible for processing such information. Please mind that some services are engaged in personal data profiling and may obtain information related to your personality and/or your device by using technologies that do not belong to our scope of responsibility. In case when your user ID is linked to your Facebook account, Facebook may use your device information in association with categorized data that were already recorded in its databases (eg. your age, gender or other demographic indication). We do not control, supervise or stand surety for how the third parties process your personal data, that might be collected by their own means (not through our App). Any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information should be directed to such third parties (see Section IV).
Payment Information
Our e-commerce provider (Apple / Google / Huawei) is responsible for billing, processing and charging for the in-app purchases, handles your personal information and keeps it absolutely safe and secure. We cannot access or use you credit or debit card information. You may access the applicable 'in-app' purchase rules and policies directly from the app stores.
Information That You Submit
For the purpose of analyzing the scope of certain technical parameters we suggest you help us with the reference material so that the processing technologies of our App could be reformed, smartened and smoothed. Your collaboration is crucial for us when we aspire to enhance our methods and improve the services.
THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide you with new experiences. As part of this mission, we use your information for the following purposes:
(a)
To make our service available
. We use functional information and information that is processed automatically to provide you with all requested services.
(b)
To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of our App
. We use the information that is processed automatically to better understand user behavior and trends, detect potential outages and technical issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize our App.
(c)
To provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content
. We may use the information information that is processed automaticallyfor marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of interest to you based on your preferences). We provide personalized content and information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy policy. We adhere to the U.S. Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for the Mobile Environment.
Please note that while integrating external services we choose third parties that can assure they apply all necessary technical and organizational measures to protect user personal data. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted from us to any such third party. We are not responsible for any accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal data through a fault of third parties.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third parties, but we may share your information from tools like log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App. We do not control or influence these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used.
We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
We may engage the following third-party service providers in order to provide us with necessary infrastructure for delivery and improvement of our services:
Entity name
Services performed
Entity location
Link to Privacy Policy
Apple Inc.
Cloud storage provider (for iOs devices)
U.S.A.
https://www.apple.com/lae/privacy/
Firebase (Google LLC)
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Facebook Inc.
Analytics / ad management service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Google LLC
Cloud storage (for Android devices) / analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Microsoft Corp.
Cloud storage provider
U.S.A.
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/
In case you want to learn more about these services and their privacy options (including opt-out) please consult the correspondent websites and privacy policies. We are not responsible for any usage of your personal data by the abovementioned third parties in violation of our instructions.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites / services or you may access the App from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our App, including the information or content contained within them.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We work in the cross-border area and provide our App to our Users around the world.
We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data processing that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as in your jurisdiction.
This means that your personal information can be transferred to a third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or to the international organization where data protection and confidentiality regulations may not provide the same level of protection of a personal data as your country does.
We try to make sure that the recipient of any personal data provides a proper protection of the personal data received, in accordance with the current legislation on the protection of such information. By using the App, you agree that we may transfer your personal data to any third country, a territory or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or to the international organization.
For the purposes of data storage, we recourse to the services of the hosting organizations. We take your privacy seriously and, therefore, encrypt your personal data – if possible – before sending it to the hosting organizations for the purposes of its storage. Please note that we cooperate only with those hosting organizations that have passed our security and reliability check.
HOW LONG WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
All functional information stored locally on your device and totally removed after you uninstall App.
EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
All functional information stored locally on your device and we haven't access to it.
When your personal information is processed automatically you may object to such processing in some circumstances. Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, you may ask to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes. In order to exercise your right please contact the third party services listed in the Section IV of this Privacy Policy to learn how you can object to processing your data. Most of them have clear instructions on their privacy pages, functional API or other options.
HOW TO OPT OUT
Opt-out of marketing tracking
If you don't want third-party service providers to use to personalize ads on the basis of your interests please follow the instructions below:
Choose option “Limit Ad Tracking” on your iOs device in Settings/ Privacy/ Advertising, please find additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
;
Choose option 'Opt out of Ad Personalization' on your Android device in Settings/ Google/ Ads.
You can also visit
https://youradchoices.com
for the same purpose.
Please mind when you opt out of certain interest based advertising, you may still continue to receive contextual ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related to the content of other digital products you are using.
Opt-out of Location Data Processing
If you don't want third-party service providers to use your precise location data, or street-level location information about you please follow the instructions below:
iOS 11 or later: turn Location Services off for the applicable Product via the menu 'Settings > Privacy > Location Services'. Then select the applicable App and set the 'Share My Location' status to 'Never'. Please see additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033
.
Android 5.0  or later: turn Location off for the applicable Product via the menu 'Settings > Apps > [applicable Product] > Permissions > Location'.  Then turn off the 'Location' button.
SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. In the event that your personal information is compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about security of our App, you can contact us at through the email or contact form displayed below.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our App is not intended for children under the age of 13. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from children under 13. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the App. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this App or through any of its features. Do not provide any information about yourself, including your email address. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us via
speak.and.translate@gmail.com