HZY
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
HZY
Home
UnAuthorizeAccess
HZY
Home
UnAuthorizeAccess
More
Home
UnAuthorizeAccess
PRIVACY POLICY
Required Permissions and their usage:
Storage Data Permission:
It is necessary permission to allow access only once you download and use the information for better performance of an application. It didn’t get any cloud connection permission and all your data is stored in your phone’s internal storage.
Read & write storage permission:
This permission allowed read and write the photos, videos content and documents for editing. All your data are encrypted in your local storage and read your storage only when required for need.
Accounts information:
We do not force anybody to log in to their personal account and our apps didn’t require any private user information. We use the info of users with our apps activity only, provided by Google play console, only if users linked their Google Account in their device helps to make us its Google Services better and helps to get secure updates of application excessively.
Configuration of google services:
These details are important to require from a user an advertising ID, which helps the user to provide better advertising services.
Google Services:
It uses the user advertising ID and shows the ads to the user interest base. It’s very assistive for a user to provide them better advertise services of their interest. It is also very helpful to show ads by age, if a user is not an adult then, adult ads would not be shown to the children.
Cellular network connectivity:
This is for checking the connectivity of the network from the setting and notification toolbar. And it is also used to show a user their current location on a navigation map.
Wi-Fi Connectivity:
This permission for the checking of Wi-Fi connectivity whether it is connected or not, and also helpful to show the accurate location of the user for GPS apps.
Internet:
It downloads all the traffic from the internet.
Location Permission:
This permission is used in the applications of navigation apps, to access the user location to show a user their current location. It is only used if the user gives access and enables the GPS from the device.
Bluetooth connectivity:
It is for connectivity of Bluetooth devices like headphones, ears buds and wireless speakers for privacy purposes.
Sync process:
This helps to save the process of application and save the consumption of power of the device.
These permissions are used to boost the performance of an application.
Protected Information
All provided information in our apps is secured and safe. We scanned all data on daily basis and didn’t disclose it to any third party. We respect the privacy and personal data of our users to keep safe.
Important note:
We didn’t force you to enter your personal information like username, personal images or videos and debit card number also.
Third-Party Disclosure
We don't sell or trade because we are not willing to reveal your Personally Identifiable Information to external parties.
Third-Party Links
We are not including any third-party references, links or services in our product.
Google's
Advertising needs can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles only. They are set in place to provide a positive user experience for our valuable customers approximately the globe in accordance with
Google Ads policies
. We use Google AdSense for our products advertisement as well.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies with its terms and conditions to serve ads. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users, based on previous visits and other sites on the Internet besides. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Network privacy policy.
Accessibility Service Required To Access Special Features
On Ad Blocker for all app use Accessibility Service API for users in order to to show screen of app and block ads of specific selected apps and buy pro version of ad blocker no ads. This app doesn’t get personal data and does not breach your privacy.
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
While collecting the personal information from EUROPEAN PEOPLE, we strictly obey the rules as stated by the
EU User Consent Policy
and the list of which SDK we use mentioned next:
Admob
Firebase
DNS Filter
Child privacy policy
We make child privacy our priority, we didn’t show anything to children under age of 13 from the collected information.
Contact us
For any query or suggestion in our application then feel free to contact us on the given email:
raccoontechapps0000@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse