Privacy Policy
Last update: 27 June, 2014
AntTek Mobile is committed to protecting your privacy.
The “General Privacy Policies” section is applied for all services and products provided by AntTek,
          including website anttek.com and its sub-domain, Android applications, iOS applications. The “Application
          Specific Privacy Policies” section is applied for individual applications.
General Privacy Policies
Protecting customer information
AntTek will never collect any personal customer data/information without user permission. Personal customer
          data and information may only be viewed/interacted with by AntTek. If we have the explicit consent of the
          owning customer, and in which case, the data will only be used for trouble-shooting purposes.
Product usage statistics
AntTek may collect anonymous application usages and user behavior which solely bases on Google Analytics. .
          We will never study an individual customer’s usage behavior; it is only studied on a group basis.
Disclosure of information
AntTek will never sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. AntTek may provide aggregate
          statistics about our sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors,
          but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a
          parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their
          consent, he or she should contact us at support@anttek.com. We will delete such information from our files
          within a reasonable time.
Opt-out policy
We always provide a way to opt-out option for services and products that collects data using Google
          Analytics.
Questions and Feedback
If you have any questions or feedback related to our Privacy Policy, please contact us
Application Specific Privacy Policies
Blacklist
Following privacy policies applied for Android application Blacklist, Blacklist Pro (hereby call Blacklist)
Collecting information
A spam data is a phone number and spam reason that customers provide when adding a number to blocking
          numbers with “This is a spam number” check box checked. We send spam data to our cloud. This data is not
          linked to customer’s personal information. This data may be appeared publicly on the website
          http://anttek.com, in spam reporter communities section. We may use this data to improve Blacklist
          functionality.
Opt-out policy
Customer may opt-out this information collection in the application settings.
AntTek© -
Terms
|
Privacy