Privacy Policy | Insignia app
Skip to content
Insignia app
Primary Menu
Home
Privacy Policy
Contact
Facebook
Search
Search for:
Text Widget
This is a text widget, which allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use them to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the
Customizer
.
Privacy Policy
Insignia App – Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Insignia App. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request; this privacy statement applies to Insignia App and its products.
What information we use and how we use it:
1. Read phone status and identity
This permission allows Insignia App to recognise an incoming call and to switch between the User System interfaces and call interface.
2. Read your text messages (SMS or MMS)
We do not save or upload your messages. We use this permission to read your text messages when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one send you a message.
3. Take pictures and videos
We use your device’s camera flashlight and require camera permission. Insignia App will not take photos and videos by itself and pass it on too any third party.
4. Approximate location (network-based)
This permission is used to display apps installed by anonymous surrounding users and to recommend popular apps based on users’ location in Insignia App Radar. This information is untraceable.
5. Read your contacts
We do not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used when required.
6. Read calendar events plus confidential information
This information is used to remind you of your latest calendar events. We do not save or upload any of your calendar information.
7. Find accounts on the devices
Insignia App does not recognise or save your account information for any programs. we only detects whether users have a Google account linked with the device which helps us confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application download and update methods.
8. Read Google service configuration
This information is used to acquire advertising ID. We provide users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID.
9. Change network connectivity
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to change network connectivity.
10. Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar in order to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
11. Full network access
This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions including receiving launcher update notifications.
12. View network connections
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to view network connections.
13. View Wi-Fi connections
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to view Wi-Fi connections.
14. Access Bluetooth settings
This permission is used in settings, in order to turn on and off the Bluetooth.
15. Close other apps
This permission is used in Boost in order to turn off the back-end apps and make the phone run faster.
16. Retrieve running apps
This permission is used in Boost in order to view the running apps.
17. Draw over other apps
This permission allows us to free swipe tab to be displayed as a floating window on other apps.
18. Control vibration
This permission allows us to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.
19. Measure app storage space:
This permission is used to acquire the amount of storage space used by an application.
20. Modify system settings:
This permission is used in settings, in order to switch or adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
21. Read Home settings and shortcuts:
This permission is used to acquire the user’s Home settings and shortcuts, in order to maintain user preferences.
22. Recording Call – Microphone:
We do not hold any recordings or user information on our own servers.
“Insignia App”
records phone calls. All recorded calls are recorded on the phone using the microphone on the device. The recorded files and related notes are stored on the phone’s storage and NO server is involved with recording phone calls. The recorded calls are not stored on our own server and can only be stored locally
23. Storage:
The app requests permission to access the phone’s storage only in order to store the recorded calls and play the recorded files afterwards. The app does not access any other files nor excess user’s photos.
24. Ads: Google Admob:
The free version of our android application includes some ads displayed with Google Admob
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
25. Device & app history:
Retrieve running apps and we use this information to boost your Android phone effectively, clean your device’s RAM and make your phone speed up in depth.
How we protect your information: We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure. • Children’s Privacy We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. • Changes to the Privacy Policy
Insignia App
may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
26. BIND DEVICE ADMIN
BIND_DEVICE_ADMIN Permission is only used for take security against uninstallation of this app from Others. User can also make it disable or enable when it requires
Like
Loading...
Create a website or blog at WordPress.com
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Subscribe
Subscribed
Insignia app
Join 43 other subscribers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Insignia app
Customize
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d