Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Candl Apps is committed to protecting your privacy.
Welcome to Candl Apps ("we", "us" and/or "our"). This privacy policy has been created to provide information about how we collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, web site, and any software provided on or in connection with Candl Apps services (collectively, the "Service") to our users ("you", "your") and your choices about the collection and use of your information, including personally identifiable data ("Personal Data").
Personal Information
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our website or our products, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error report, receive any promotion content or participate in online surveys and other activities.
Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you have participated in.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
Your prior permission;
By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
By requests from public and governmental authorities;
To protect our legal rights and interests.
Non-personal Information
Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your CPN model, memory size, your phone IMEI number, phone model, install, uninstall, frequency of use, etc.
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as the data of install,  frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
contact@candlapps.com
.
Cookies
We do not use cookies.
Opt-out policy
We always provide a way to opt-out option for services and products that collects data using Google Analytics.
Questions and Feedback
If you have any questions or feedback related to our Privacy Policy, please contact us via
contact@candlapps.com
We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website and/or our applications along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Last update: 14 March, 2017