Privacy Policy – Prisma3D
Zum Inhalt springen
Report a Bug
Report a Bug
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Personal data (usually referred to just as „data“ below) will only be processed by us to the extent necessary and for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly app and website, including its contents, and the services offered there.
Per Art. 4 No. 1 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, i.e. the General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to as the „GDPR“), „processing“ refers to any operation or set of operations such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation, alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination, or otherwise making available, alignment, or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction performed on personal data, whether by automated means or not.
TThe following privacy policy is intended to inform you in particular about the type, scope, purpose, duration, and legal basis for the processing of such data either under our own control or in conjunction with others. We also inform you below about the third-party components we use to optimize our app and website and improve the user experience which may result in said third parties also processing data they collect and control.
Our privacy policy is structured as follows:
I. Information about us as controllers of your data
II. The rights of users and data subjects
III. Information about the data processing
I. Information about us as controllers of your data
The party responsible for this website (the „controller“) for purposes of data protection law is:
Prisma3D
Spicherenstr. 3
81667 Munich
Germany
Email: privacy@prisma3d.net
The controller’s data protection officer is:
Joana H.
Email: privacy@prisma3d.net
II. The rights of users and data subjects
With regard to the data processing to be described in more detail below, users and data subjects have the right
to confirmation of whether data concerning them is being processed, information about the data being processed, further information about the nature of the data processing, and copies of the data (cf. also Art. 15 GDPR);
to correct or complete incorrect or incomplete data (cf. also Art. 16 GDPR);
to the immediate deletion of data concerning them (cf. also Art. 17 DSGVO), or, alternatively, if further processing is necessary as stipulated in Art. 17 Para. 3 GDPR, to restrict said processing per Art. 18 GDPR;
to receive copies of the data concerning them and/or provided by them and to have the same transmitted to other providers/controllers (cf. also Art. 20 GDPR);
to file complaints with the supervisory authority if they believe that data concerning them is being processed by the controller in breach of data protection provisions (see also Art. 77 GDPR).
In addition, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom it discloses data of any such corrections, deletions, or restrictions placed on processing the same per Art. 16, 17 Para. 1, 18 GDPR. However, this obligation does not apply if such notification is impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. Nevertheless, users have a right to information about these recipients.
Likewise, under Art. 21 GDPR, users and data subjects have the right to object to the controller’s future processing of their data pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. In particular, an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising is permissible.
III. Information about the data processing
Your data processed when using our website will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose for its storage ceases to apply, provided the deletion of the same is not in breach of any statutory storage obligations or unless otherwise stipulated below.
Cookies
a) Session cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files or other storage technologies stored on your computer by your browser. These cookies process certain specific information about you, such as your browser, location data, or IP address.
This processing makes our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure, allowing us, for example, to display our website in different languages or to offer a shopping cart function.
The legal basis for such processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR, insofar as these cookies are used to collect data to initiate or process contractual relationships.
If the processing does not serve to initiate or process a contract, our legitimate interest lies in improving the functionality of our website. The legal basis is then Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
When you close your browser, these session cookies are deleted.
b) Third-party cookies
If necessary, our website may also use cookies from companies with whom we cooperate for the purpose of advertising, analyzing, or improving the features of our website.
Please refer to the following information for details, in particular for the legal basis and purpose of such third-party collection and processing of data collected through cookies.
c) Disabling cookies
You can refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings on your browser. Likewise, you can use the browser to delete cookies that have already been stored. However, the steps and measures required vary, depending on the browser you use. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your browser or contact its maker for support. Browser settings cannot prevent so-called flash cookies from being set. Instead, you will need to change the setting of your Flash player. The steps and measures required for this also depend on the Flash player you are using. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your Flash player or contact its maker for support.
If you prevent or restrict the installation of cookies, not all of the functions on our site may be fully usable.
Newsletter
If you register for our free newsletter, the data requested from you for this purpose, i.e. your email address and, optionally, your name and address, will be sent to us. We also store the IP address of your computer and the date and time of your registration. During the registration process, we will obtain your consent to receive this newsletter and the type of content it will offer, with reference made to this privacy policy. The data collected will be used exclusively to send the newsletter and will not be passed on to third parties.
The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
You may revoke your prior consent to receive this newsletter under Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR with future effect. All you have to do is inform us that you are revoking your consent (e-mail: privacy@prisma3d.net) or click on the unsubscribe link contained in each newsletter.
Contact
If you contact us via email, the data you provide will be used for the purpose of processing your request. We must have this data in order to process and answer your inquiry; otherwise we will not be able to answer it in full or at all.
The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Your data will be deleted once we have fully answered your inquiry and if there is no further legal obligation, such as an order or contract resulted therefrom.
Bug Reports
If you contact us via the Bug Report Prisma3D Beta v2.0 contact form and gave your consent to our
Bug Reporting Terms & Conditions
, we will use your data for the purpose of further improving the Prisma3D app. To reproduce and fix bugs efficiently, we need to be able to contact you again after your bug report. Therefore, we collect your e-mail address as a mandatory field as of 22
nd
January 2022. We will use this e-mail address solely for the purpose of contacting you regarding the bug. Once the bug is completely fixed and there is no legal retention period to keep your data, the bug report will be anonymized or deleted.
As you need to consent to this Privacy Policy and the
Bug Reporting Terms & Conditions
before you can submit a bug, the legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
User posts, comments, and ratings
We offer you the opportunity to post questions, answers, opinions, and ratings on our website, hereinafter referred to jointly as „posts.“ If you make use of this opportunity, we will process and publish your post, the date and time you submitted it, and any pseudonym you may have used.
The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR. You may revoke your prior consent under Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR with future effect. All you have to do is inform us that you are revoking your consent (e-mail: privacy@prisma3d.net).
In addition, we will also process your IP address and email address. The IP address is processed because we might have a legitimate interest in taking or supporting further action if your post infringes the rights of third parties and/or is otherwise unlawful.
In this case, the legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in any legal defense we may have to mount.
Twitter
We maintain an online presence on Twitter to present our company and our services and to communicate with customers/prospects. Twitter is a service provided by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.
We would like to point out that this might cause user data to be processed outside the European Union, particularly in the United States. This may increase risks for users that, for example, may make subsequent access to the user data more difficult. We also do not have access to this user data. Access is only available to Twitter.
The privacy policy of Twitter can be found at
https://twitter.com/privacy
Instagram
To advertise our products and services as well as to communicate with interested parties or customers, we have a presence on the Instagram platform.
On this social media platform, we are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland.
The data protection officer of Instagram can be reached via this contact form:
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/540977946302970
We have defined the joint responsibility in an agreement regarding the respective obligations within the meaning of the GDPR. This agreement, which sets out the reciprocal obligations, is available at the following link:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
The legal basis for the processing of the resulting and subsequently disclosed personal data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the analysis, communication, sales, and promotion of our products and services.
The legal basis may also be your consent per Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR granted to the platform operator. Per Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR, you may revoke this consent with the platform operator at any time with future effect.
When accessing our online presence on the Instagram platform, Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. as the operator of the platform in the EU will process your data (e.g. personal information, IP address, etc.).
This data of the user is used for statistical information on the use of our company presence on Instagram. Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. uses this data for market research and advertising purposes as well as for the creation of user profiles. Based on these profiles, Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. can provide advertising both within and outside of Instagram based on your interests. If you are logged into Instagram at the time you access our site, Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. will also link this data to your user account.
If you contact us via Instagram, the personal data your provide at that time will be used to process the request. We will delete this data once we have completely responded to your query, unless there are legal obligations to retain the data, such as for subsequent fulfillment of contracts.
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. might also set cookies when processing your data.
If you do not agree to this processing, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. The instructions to do this depend on the browser and system being used. For Flash cookies, the processing cannot be prevented by the settings in your browser, but instead by making the appropriate settings in your Flash player. If you prevent or restrict the installation of cookies, not all of the functions of Instagram may be fully usable.
Details on the processing activities, their suppression, and the deletion of the data processed by Instagram can be found in its privacy policy:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
It cannot be excluded that the processing by Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. will also take place in the United States by Meta Platforms Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025.
Social media links via graphics
We also integrate the following social media sites into our website. The integration takes place via a linked graphic of the respective site. The use of these graphics stored on our own servers prevents the automatic connection to the servers of these networks for their display. Only by clicking on the corresponding graphic will you be forwarded to the service of the respective social network.
Once you click, that network may record information about you and your visit to our site. It cannot be ruled out that such data will be processed in the United States.
Initially, this data includes such things as your IP address, the date and time of your visit, and the page visited. If you are logged into your user account on that network, however, the network operator might assign the information collected about your visit to our site to your personal account. If you interact by clicking Like, Share, etc., this information can be stored your personal user account and possibly posted on the respective network. To prevent this, you need to log out of your social media account before clicking on the graphic. The various social media networks also offer settings that you can configure accordingly.
The following social networks are integrated into our site by linked graphics:
Twitter
Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA
Privacy Policy:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Instagram
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland, a subsidiary of Meta Platforms Inc., 1601 S. California Ave., Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
Privacy Policy:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
Google Fonts
Our website uses Google Fonts to display external fonts. This is a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (hereinafter: Google).
To enable the display of certain fonts on our website, a connection to the Google server in the USA is established whenever our website is accessed.
The legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the unconditional technical necessity for the provision and delivery of the „website“ service expressly requested by you through your call-up.
When you access our site, a connection to Google is established from which Google can identify the site from which your request has been sent and to which IP address the fonts are being transmitted for display.
Insofar as further independent processing of the data is carried out by Google Fonts, Google is solely responsible for this.
Google offers detailed information at
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
https://policies.google.com/privacy
in particular on options for preventing the use of data.
Google Analytics
The mobile Prisma3D app uses Unity Analytics. This is a service provided by Unity Technologies, If you consent to enable tracking within the Prisma3D mobile app, the app is going to use Google Analytics 4 to track your user behavior. This is a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, Barrow St, Dublin 4, Irland (hereinafter: Google).
With Google Analytics 4, personal information is collected directly from the mobile device. From there it is sent to a server of Google in the USA, where it is also stored.
The personal information collected with Google Analytics 4 is used by Google to create reports about the usage of Prisma3D. We take this information to improve the Prisma3D app’s performance and to enhance your user experience.
You can restrict Google Analytics to collect your data by clicking the opt-out button inside the Prisma3D app.
This Privacy Policy is derived from:
Model Data Protection Statement
for
Anwaltskanzlei Weiß & Partner
Sitemap
Bug Reporting
Prisma3D
Privacy Policy
Bug Report Terms & Conditions
Imprint
Newsletter
Register for our Newsletter:
Prisma3D
©  2023 Prisma3D. WordPress mit dem
Mesmerize-Theme
This website uses cookies. If you continue to use this website, we assume your consent.
Accept Cookies
Privacy Policy