Shutup Button 2018
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Shutup Button 2018
Privacy Policy
TLA Quiz n Button built the Shut Up Button 2018 app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by TLA Quiz n Button at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Shut Up Button 2018 unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Unity
AdMob
Usage Of Advertising Identifier
Usage
The advertising identifier is only used for advertising and user analytics. The status of the “Opt out of Interest-based Advertising” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting is verified on each access of the ID.
Association with personally-identifiable information or other identifiers
The advertising identifier is not connected to personally-identifiable information or associated with any persistent device identifier without explicit consent of the user.
Respecting users’ selections
If reset, a new advertising identifier is not connected to a previous advertising identifier or data derived from a previous advertising identifier without the explicit consent of the user. Also, we abide by a user’s “Opt out of Interest-based Advertising” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting. If a user has enabled this setting, the advertising identifier is not used for creating user profiles for advertising purposes or for targeting users with personalized advertising.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.
This privacy policy page was created at
privacypolicytemplate.net
and modified/generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse