Widgetshare Terms of Service
Widgetshare
Privacy Policy
Widgetshare is an app that allows users to share pictures directly to the home screens of their friends.
            Widgetshare is intended for use as is.
If you choose to use Widgetshare, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to
            this policy. Your information will not be used or shared with anyone except as described in this Privacy
            Policy.
Personal Information
When you create an account on Widgetshare you are asked for your email. This information is used to identify
            and secure your account. Your email remains private and is never shown to other users.
When you use Widgetshare you are also asked for your name. This information is used to identify you to other
            Widgetshare users and help your friends find you.
Optionally, you may provide us with your phone number and contacts information. This information is never shown to other users.
            We only use this information to help you find the profiles of your friends.
Log Data
Whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third
            party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device
            Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, unique device ID, operating system version, the configuration
            of the app when
            utilizing the Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Information. The reason
            is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use
            the information for any other purpose.
Security
We strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting your information. But remember that no method of
            transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
            guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to
            that site. Note that these external sites are seperate from Widgetshare. Therefore, we strongly advise you
            to
            review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the
            content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Photos
We work hard to keep your image data private and secure.
When you send an image in Widgetshare it gets stored in
            our database so that the users you sent it to can access it. Images may be stored up to 1 month. 
            After 1 month they will be permanently deleted.
Once an image is deleted from the database it is no longer accessible to users who have not seen it before.
            For users who have seen the image, it may still be saved on their personal devices.
The app has an image history feature that saves a history of your sent and recieved images. This information
            is only stored on your device. Thus it is not accesible from anywhere else. Note that deleting the app or
            clearing the app data will permanently delete this image history. Make sure to save any pictures you want to keep
            before clearing the app data.
Downloading or Deleting Your Data
To download or delete your data, you can send an email to info@widgetshare.com with the request. The app also features a delete account button. You can use this button to permanently delete all of your account data.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically
            for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These
            changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contacting us
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints regarding this policy, we encourage you to contact us
            using the
            details below:
info@widgetshare.com
This document was last updated on May 1, 2022