PRIVACY POLICY
Free Wifi Hotspot
Last updated: Feb 2017
We have only use permission read phone state and contact for detect support wifi hotspot on the user device, it doesn't get sensitive user data and damage for user
- Processing Personal Information
Vinhash will only collect such Personal Information that is relevant for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
                Personal Information may be processed for the purposes of creating Services accounts, using, maintaining, customizing and developing the Services, contacting Users, user verification, providing services, sending customer and marketing information to Users, enabling communication in the Services, conducting research, creating reports, offering competitions and sweepstakes and receive feedback on their games and allowing game developers to receive feedback and metrics on their apps published by Vinhash.
                Vinhash commits to adhere to the provisions of the Finnish Personal Data Act and other applicable laws and regulations pertaining to processing of Personal Information, as well as to process Personal Information in compliance with good processing practices. All personnel processing Personal Information are obliged to keep such information strictly confidential.
- Protection of Information
The registers will be maintained in external service providers' servers with appropriate safeguards, such as password protection, granting the access to the stored information only to persons working at Vinhash or Vinhash partners who are expressly authorized by Vinhash. The register is protected by appropriate industry standard, technical and organisatory safety measures. Although We make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, We cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Vinhash will post a notice on the Vinhash website or through the Services in case material security breach that endangers your privacy or Personal Information. Vinhash may also temporarily shut down a service to protect Personal Information.
- Changes to the Privacy Policy
Vinhash may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes here to will be made available on this website, which is why Vinhash encourages Users to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Changes hereto will not prejudice Users' rights without their consent.
- Contact Information
The User may at any time contact Vinhashsoft at the address here below.
Free Wifi Hotspot
Address: 364, Etown, Cong Hoa, HCM
Email: vinhashapp@gmail.com
Contact person: vinhashapp@gmail.com
© vinhashsoft 2017