Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Entertaining Logix Apps
At
Entertaining Logix Apps
we accept that privacy is important to all users. This Service is provided by Entertaining Logix Apps at no cost and is intended for use. This policy applies to use all application on all platforms to inform visitors regarding policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use Application, or the Services.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Entertaining Logix Apps Privacy Policy. If you use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service.
Information Collection And Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. To personalize user experience- We may use your Non- Personal Information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our User.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Usage Data
We care about your privacy, and we always want to be transparent about how Translate Language: Translator handles your data
To sum things up:
We are not concerned with your data.
Translate Language: Translator does not have user accounts and does not require registration to use it so you can use Translate Language: Translator anonymously.
Your translated data and audio recordings are processed and stored on your device(s) only.
Translate Language: Translator does not store any of your translated data inside the app and does not transmit any of that
data outside your device(s) We do not collect any translated, audio or picture.
Translate Language: Translator does not store any of your translated data inside the app and does not transmit any of that
data outside your device(s).
We do not collect any translated, audio or picture, data on external servers or third-party services.
To provide support, we use a third-party service that will ask for your email address so that we can respond to your requests That service will store the messages that you send us to their servers so that our support team and employees can view those messages and respond.
Use of the Accessibility API In Translate Language: Translator
Screen translator/Floating Ball Translation
- From the home screen of the app, turn on the floating translation button.
- Then a popup box will appear press the yes button to view a floating translation ball demo.
- After watching demo give the permission and go to the Installed services to activate the floating translation ball on and allow the service.
- Now click the floating button appeared on the application and use this feature.
- Drag the translation floating ball in any direction and translate on any apps or web page, the target translation will be displayed in a second.
- A single click on the floating button can translate full on-screen text instantly in your selected language.
- Translated text can also be copied.
Information We Obtain From Third-Party Sources
Third-Party Social Networks includes Google Play Service, Facebook, Mopub, Admob & Skyscanner. You may choose to connect to our Services via your social media account. Exactly what information we receive from your social media will depend on your social media privacy settings, but it would typically include your basic public profile information. Third party service providers. We may receive personal information about you from third-party sources.
Advertising partners. From time to time, we may also receive personal information about you from other third-party sources. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement to direct you to one of another services we will be provided with information from which ad network and advertising campaign the install originated from.
Log Data
Our apps collect user analytic data which we use to improve the apps. The data contains contextual information about users, for example, coarse level location (country, city), device model and Android version.
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app. We collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. When you interact with us or use an Application our systems may automatically collect your unique User Device number and the dates and times of your use. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
• To facilitate our Service.
• To provide the Service on our behalf.
• To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. We may collect information about your use of our Services through the use of cookies, pixels or similar technologies. For example, we may use this information to provide or improve our Services, for measurement and analytic to better understand how our services function and are used, or for internal operations. The app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is secure and reliable.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to alter our privacy policy at any time. You must review this Policy on a regular basis to keep yourself apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to the modification to the policy your sole recourse is immediately stop to use all Applications.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, please contact us at entertaininglogixapps@gmail.com
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse