Privacy Policy - DaMixhub
home
Home
library_music
Mixtapes
music_note
Singles
trending_up
Promote Your Music
contact_support
Contact Us
GET THE APP
android
Android App
phone_iphone
iOS App
FOLLOW US
Media Kit
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Legal & DMCA
Copyrights © 2018 All Rights Reserved
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications  (“Applications”) for mobile devices and web that were created by Jank Media LLC, including DaMixhub.
This Privacy Policy also describes the guidelines Jank Media LLC uses to protect the information we collect about you during your visit to our Web site.
What information do Applications obtain and how is it used?
Automatically Collected Information
Applications may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect personally identifiable information shared with Applications or while you are visiting the site, or during a registration via our Web site. We may also collect personally identifiable information from third parties used for authentication, such as when a user logs in to a  Application using a Facebook account or  Play Game Services account. Personally identifiable information collected may include information like name, email address, location, gender, interests, device, app usage, user ID, and contact information. This personally identifiable information is used to store and synchronize user saved playlist and favorites across different devices. Personally identifiable information is never shared with any third parties unless required by law.
Periodically, we will use the information provided  to us during visit of our Web site to notify you of important announcements regarding special offers or important functionality changes to our Web site or Applications. If you would rather not receive these updates and/or newsletters, you can request to be excluded from these announcements.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how Applications are being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in  Applications which helps us keep the cost of Applications low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by Applications, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your location information (e.g., your zip code), and other location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on Applications and elsewhere. We may also share information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share precise location information, through methods such as mobile “SDKs”.  This location information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and shared with third parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance) analytics
    and research.   You can remove your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device.(Certain services may lose functionality as a result.)
    You can opt-out from any interest-based advertising through your device settings. When you have opted out using this setting on a device, advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
By installing and using our applications you also agree to the privacy policies of our 3rd party data and advertising policies listed below.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below.
What are my opt-out rights?
There are multiple opt-out options for users of Applications:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application:
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
    Please consult your settings features on your mobile device to opt-out of third- party targeted advertising. Additionally, there are several applications available at App Stores that will manage advertising preferences for you. Information on how to turn off the cookies and tracking settings for various devices and browsers can be found below. You are encouraged to view the privacy policies and opt-out options of these third-parties.
iOS Advertising Settings
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4228
Google
Privacy Policy http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/
Opt-Out http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/
Facebook
Privacy Policy https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Opt-Out https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Twitter
Privacy Policy https://twitter.com/privacy
Opt-Out https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
mMedia
Privacy Policy http://mmedia.com/policy
Opt-Out http://www.millennialmedia.com/privacy-policy/opt-out
Vungle
Privacy Policy https://vungle.com/privacy/
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
Terms of Service
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, transferring, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Irrespective of which country you live in, you authorize us to use your information in, and as a result to transfer it to and store it in, the United States and any other country where we, our service providers, and our partners operate. Privacy and data protection laws in some of these countries may vary from the laws in the country where you live.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
support@damixhub.com
Last updated: April 10th, 2017