GlassWire Products and Services Privacy Policy
Security
Features
All Features
Premium Features
Download
Mobile
Blog
Forum
Help
Pricing
GLASSWIRE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: March 9, 2023
This Products and Services Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the information that SecureMix LLC
                        and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “SecureMix”, “GlassWire”, “we”, “our”, or
                        “us”) collect, use, share, and store about you through the GlassWire subscription services (the
                        “Services”). In doing so, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and
                        personal data, in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy rules. In the interest
                        of clarity, we confirm that we do NOT sell or rent or your personal data to any third party. For
                        the avoidance of doubt, SecureMix is NOT in the advertising business. Data is collected and
                        utilized by GlassWire solely for the provision of the Services and for the purpose of enhancing
                        your digital security.
GlassWire is designed to provide full visibility and control over digital traffic generated or
                        received by an end-user endpoint on a computer network for the purpose of enhancing digital
                        security. Specifically, GlassWire allows - amongst others - for logging of traffic counters and
                        IP address of traffic destination or origin. For the avoidance of doubt, GlassWire does NOT
                        inspect the data packets going through an endpoint, it just records the
quantity
of traffic and
                        the
IP destination
of such traffic to/from the endpoint, in order to make a Subscriber and/or an
                        end user aware of any abnormal or unwanted data patterns occurring on GlassWire monitored
                        machines. GlassWire also allows a Subscriber and/or end-user to block any data traffic.
If you use GlassWire for personal use, you are likely to be both a Subscriber and an end user of
                        the GlassWire services, in so far as you are likely monitoring your own network traffic. If you
                        use GlassWire in a commercial environment, such as an IT System Administrator or a Managed
                        Service Provider, you are using GlassWire to monitor traffic of a number of different hardware
                        endpoints, likely associated with many different individual end-users (also referred to as “Data
                        Subjects”).
In this Policy, personal information means information relating to an identified or identifiable
                        natural person of a Data Subject. An identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly
                        or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification
                        number, location data, and online identifier or to one or more factors specific to his/her
                        physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity. The use of
                        personal information collected through our Service shall be limited to the purpose of providing
                        the Service for which the Subscribers have engaged.
Subscribers to our Services who monitor multiple endpoints are solely responsible for
                        establishing policies for and ensuring compliance with, all applicable laws and regulations, as
                        well as any and all privacy policies, agreements or other obligations, relating to the
                        collection of personal information of Data Subjects in connection with the use of our Services.
                        If you are an individual who interacts with a Subscriber using our Services, then you will be
                        directed to contact our Subscriber for assistance with any requests or questions relating to
                        your personal information.
The Subscriber remains at all times the sole owner of any personal information collected via the
                        GlassWire Application. We at GlassWire collect such information solely under the direction and
                        on behalf of our Subscribers, and have no direct relationship with individuals whose personal
                        information we process in connection with our Subscriber’s use of our Services. If you are an
                        individual who interacts with a Subscriber using our Services (such as a customer of one of our
                        Subscribers) and would either like to amend your contact information or no longer wish to be
                        contacted by one of our Subscribers that use our Services, please contact the Subscriber that
                        you interact with directly.
This privacy policy was last updated on March 9, 2023. We may change it from time to time,
                        so please check back regularly to keep informed of any updates.
By using the Services, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this
                        policy, now and as amended by us.
What information does GlassWire collect?
We collect the following categories of information:
Information you give us.
Account and Registration Information:
We ask for and may collect personal information about you such as your name,
                                    address, phone number, email address, and credit card information, as well as
                                    certain related information like your company name and website name, if applicable,
                                    when you register for an account to access or utilize one or more of our Services
                                    (an “Account”). We also ask for and collect personal information such as an email
                                    address and a name or alias from any individual that you authorize to log into and
                                    utilize our Services in connection with your Account.
We refer to any information described above as “Account Information” for the purposes
                                    of this Policy. Account Information is used by GlassWire exclusively for billing
                                    purposes and for providing you with GlassWire product updates and/or the GlassWire
                                    newsletter if you have chosen to subscribe to it. By voluntarily providing us with
                                    Account Information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal data or
                                    otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us.
Other Submissions:
We ask for and may collect personal information from you when you submit web forms
                                    on our Websites or as you use interactive features of the Websites, including,
                                    participation in surveys, requesting customer support, or otherwise communicating
                                    with us.
Attendee Information:
We ask for and may collect personal information such as your name, address, phone
                                    number and email address when you register for or attend a sponsored event or other
                                    events at which any member of GlassWire Company participates.
Information That We Collect From You on our website:
We provide additional details about how we collect and use information from our
                                    public web sites in our
Website Privacy Policy
.
Information That We Collect during the provision of our services:
Geo-location data:
we may collect information such as referrer URL,
                                    approximate location, and the time zone where our products and services are
                                    installed to provide and manage our services and to assist you in case of
                                    troubleshooting.
Technical information from your devices:
we collect technical and diagnostic
                                    information about the devices on which the GlassWire App runs. For instance, we
                                    automatically collect its up and down status, operating system version, unique
                                    GlassWire license number in hash format and an inventory of the software running in
                                    it. We do so in order to provide our services to you in the GlassWire application on
                                    your compute.
Traffic Data information:
If you select to use certain advanced security
                                    functionality, we may collect counters of traffic data generated by each software
                                    application running on your endpoint and the destination / origin IP address such
                                    traffic goes to/comes from. For the avoidance of doubt, GlassWire does NOT inspect
                                    the data packets going through an endpoint, it just records the
quantity
of traffic
                                    and the
IP destination
of such traffic to/from the endpoint, in order to make a
                                    Subscriber and/or an end user aware of any abnormal or unwanted data patterns
                                    occurring on GlassWire monitored machines. We do so by aggregating data anonymously
                                    through the user base and displaying average values back to you in your application.
Information we may receive from other sources.
We may receive information about you if you use the Services. We work with third
                                    parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical and
                                    delivery services, advertising networks and analytics providers) and may receive
                                    information about you from them.
How does GlassWire use the information it collects?
We may use the information we collect to provide, develop and improve our products and
                            services, such as:
show you how your traffic activity compares with an average user to help you detect any
                                anomalies in your data pattern or any cybersecurity breach of your endpoint;
send you alerts when something happens;
provide you with products, services, or information you request, for example when you
                                contact us for remote support and troubleshooting;
make assessments and recommendations about products, services and safety;
provide you with information our products and services or the required notices;
customize your experience when using our products and services;
improve the products and services that we provide, such as by better tailoring our content to your needs and preferences;
internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
delivering marketing communications about GlassWire-related services, products or
                                promotions and to measure or understand the effectiveness of marketing. We may use
                                service providers to send these messages on our behalf, but we do not share your email
                                address with any other third parties without your permission; and
detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of
                                law, or other misuse of the products and services.
We may also combine or aggregate in anonymized or non-personally identifiable format any of
                            the information collected through the use of the Services or elsewhere for any of these
                            purposes and for research, statistical and business purposes.
Legal Basis for Processing (EEA only):
If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for
                            collecting and using the personal information will depend on the personal information
                            concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect
                            personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we
                            need the personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Services
                            you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our or a third party’s legitimate
                            interests (and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and
                            freedoms). In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal
                            information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital
                            interests or those of another person.
Where we rely on your consent to process the personal information, you have the right to
                            withdraw or decline your consent at any time. Please note that this does not affect the
                            lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to
                            perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you
                            whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the
                            possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we
                            collect and use your personal information in reliance on our (or a third party’s) legitimate
                            interests which are not already described in this Notice, we will make clear to you at the
                            relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
In what circumstances does SecureMix share my data?
The following are the situations where we may share your data:
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our
                                ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
GlassWire partners and third party developers:
We may share deidentified data for
                                research, statistical, and business purposes. Additionally, to improve their software,
                                hardware and services designed for use with our products and services, GlassWire may
                                provide any such partner or third party developer with information that is relevant to
                                that partner’s or developer’s software, hardware and/or services, as long as the
                                diagnostic information is in a form that does not personally identify you.
Trusted partners working for GlassWire:
GlassWire may occasionally use certain
                                third party service providers to help us provide, improve, protect, and promote our
                                services and to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders,
                                delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, providing marketing assistance,
                                processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These third parties may
                                access your information only to perform tasks on our behalf and in compliance with this
                                Privacy Policy.
Business Transitions:
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all
                                or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that deal.
Law & Order:
We may disclose your information to third parties if we determine
                                that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with the law; (b) protect any
                                person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of GlassWire or
                                our users; (d) to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or (e) to
                                protect the rights, property, or safety of GlassWire or others. Your data may be
                                collected, processed and stored by GlassWire or its service providers where you or our
                                servers reside. As a result, your data may be subject to legal requirements, including
                                lawful requirements to disclose data to government authorities, in those jurisdictions.
How do the Services interact with third parties?
The Services allow you to interact with third party services. Any GlassWire products and
                            services data that you choose to share with a third party is governed by that third party’s
                            privacy policy while in that party’s possession. If you select a third party to share your
                            information, we cannot control the collection, storage or sharing of information collected
                            by that party. Always check the privacy policies for any company that collects your data and
                            make sure you are requested to grant/deny permission to access your information.
When you choose to connect third-party products and services through GlassWire products and
                            services, you are shown details about proposed exchange(s) of data between GlassWire
                            products and services and the third party that is providing the products or service. In some
                            cases, GlassWire Services or the third party will instead (or also) ask for permission to
                            control the products that you have connected. GlassWire products and services may receive
                            and process information from third parties, and some of this information may be associated
                            or stored with your GlassWire account.
Any data that GlassWire products and services receive from third-party products and services
                            will be processed and stored by us and will be treated in accordance with this privacy
                            policy. This information may be processed in the same ways as any other data that is a part
                            of your SecureMix account.
How and where does GlassWire process information?
GlassWire users residing in North America will have their information sent to GlassWire Cloud
                            servers located in the United States when transmitting information in the United States.
GlassWire users residing in Europe and the rest of the world will have their information sent
                            to GlassWire Cloud servers based in the European Union when transmitting information from
                            outside of the United States.
To provide you with the Services when you are on the go, we may need to store, process and
                            transmit information in locations around the world from where you are accessing our
                            services– including those outside your country. Those countries may not provide the same
                            level of protection for your data as your home country, and may be available to the
                            governments or agencies under a lawful order of those countries. Where this is the case, we
                            will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that your data is protected in accordance with
                            this privacy policy.
Remember that when you visit our Website, we collect data as described in our separate
Website Privacy Policy
.
How long does GlassWire save my data and how can I delete it?
GlassWire generally stores your data on GlassWire’s cloud servers for as long as you remain a
                            GlassWire customer in order to provide you with the Services and for legal compliance
                            purposes. You can view and edit your information on the GlassWire web or mobile application.
                            You can delete your personal data at any time by terminating your account or by writing to
                            us at
privacy@glasswire.com
. We may retain de-identified data indefinitely.
For personal information that we process on behalf of our Subscribers, we will retain such
                            personal information in accordance with the terms of our agreement with them, subject to
                            applicable law.
How does GlassWire keep my information secure?
We take security seriously and care about the integrity of your data. We use administrative,
                            physical, and technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality of personally identifiable
                            information, including encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). However, no
                            information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your
                            information.
As per the organizational duties introduced by the General Data Protection Regulation (“
                            GDPR”), we commit to report personal data breaches to the relevant supervisory authority
                            within 72 hours of becoming aware of the breach, where feasible. If the breach is likely to
                            result in a high risk of adversely affecting individuals’ rights and freedoms, also those
                            individuals will be informed without undue delay.
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer of our organization. If you have any questions
                            about the security of your personal information, you can contact him at
privacy@glasswire.com
.
What are my rights?
At GlassWire we take our users’ rights into the highest regard. For this purpose, we align
                            ourselves to the most advanced privacy regulations available. When in it comes to your
                            Personal Data, we recognize, and commit to respect and enforce, the following rights:
The right to be informed: upon request we will provide you with information about
                                whether we hold or process any of your personal information. To request this information
                                please contact us at
privacy@glasswire.com
.
The right of access: as a user of our Services, you may access your personal data, at
                                any time, by logging into the GlassWire Website and accessing your profile section.
The right to rectification: as a Subscriber of our Services, you may access and update
                                or change your Account Information by editing them yourself from your profile area of
                                the GlassWire Website.
A Data Subject who seeks access to, or who seeks to correct or, amend inaccuracies in,
                                or delete personal information stored or processed by us on behalf of a Subscriber
                                should direct his/her query to the Subscriber (the data controller). Upon receipt of a
                                request from one of our Subscribers for us to remove the data, we will respond to their
                                request within thirty (30) days.
The right to erasure: If you no longer wish to make use of our Services, you may erase
                                your personal data from the Account area of the GlassWire Website. You may also exercise
                                this right by making a request, in accordance with Data Protection Laws, by emailing
privacy@glasswire.com
.
The right to restrict or object processing: You retain the right to request us to
                                refrain from or restrict our processing of your data for the purposes of marketing. To
                                exercise such right, you may click the “unsubscribe” link in any non-transactional email
                                or marketing email from us, update your preferences in your account, or contact us via
                                email at
privacy@glasswire.com
.
The right to data portability: You retain at all times the right to exercise your right
                                of having your Personal Data exported and transferred – in a safe way – to another
                                provider of Services similar to ours. You may exercise this right by making a request,
                                in accordance with Data Protection Laws, by emailing
privacy@glasswire.com
.
Any request related to your rights above, will be handled within thirty (30) days from the
                            moment we receive such request.
Children’s Information
The Services are not directed to, nor do we knowingly collect information from, children
                            under the age of 16. If you become aware that your child or any child under your care has
                            provided us with information without your consent, please contact us at the contact
                            information listed below.
Updates to this Policy
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time, and will post the most current version
                            on our website. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this privacy
                            policy. If a revision materially changes your rights, we will notify you and provide you
                            with the opportunity to consent to such changes before applying them to that
                            information.
Contact
If you have any questions, please contact us at
privacy@glasswire.com
or writing to:
SECUREMIX LLC
5900 Balcones Drive
Suite 100
Austin, Texas 78731 USA
Last Updated: 9 March 2023
GlassWire
Home
Pricing
Download
Features
Premium Features
Mobile
About
Affiliate Program
Uninstall
Support
Community
Help
Bug Bounty
Contact
Keep in touch
Blog
Twitter
YouTube
Resources
What is the best firewall software?
What are the best network monitoring tools?
How can I check my data usage?
How can I check if an .exe file is safe?
Data calculator
Network Monitoring with Domotz
Legal
Terms of Service
Website Policy
Product & Services Privacy Policy
Cybersecurity News
Learn new ways to protect your computer and phone from online threats.
© 2023 GlassWire
Try GlassWire Firewall for Android
GET
GlassWire
Home
Security
Features
Premium Features
Download
Mobile
Uninstall
Pricing
Keep in touch
Blog
Twitter
YouTube
Affiliate Program
Support
Forum
Help
Bug Bounty
Contact
Legal
Terms of Service
Website Policy
Product & Services Privacy Policy
Cybersecurity News
Learn new ways to protect your computer and phone from online threats.