Handy Diary Privacy Policy
Accueil
Services
Création de sites Internet
Création de boutiques en ligne
Création d’applications mobiles sur mesure
Création d’applications Web sur mesure
Logiciel de gestion client CRM
Formations informatiques adaptées
Contact
Portfolio
Accueil
Services
Création de sites Internet
Création de boutiques en ligne
Création d’applications mobiles sur mesure
Création d’applications Web sur mesure
Logiciel de gestion client CRM
Formations informatiques adaptées
Contact
Portfolio
Handy Diary Privacy Policy
Accueil
/
Handy Diary Privacy Policy
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
By using
Handy Diary
you accept and agree to be bound by
Handy Diary Privacy Policy
,
the
Google Terms of Service
, and
Google Privacy Policy
.
Handy Diary Privacy Policy
Last updated on 2017-03-13
Information
It governs the privacy terms of our Handy Diary app available in Google Play Store.
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information.
Handy Diary can be named diffrently on Google Play store in your country/language. We always refer to the app on Google Play with packagename “com.aiguo.handydiary”.
The app can be named « Handy Diary », « Diary with lock password », « Journal intime », or other. In this policy we refer to this app as Handy Diary.
Types of Data collected
This privacy statement describes how
Appeus
collects and uses the personal information you provide.
It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Collection and Use
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as email address
Device Information such as device model, device operating system version, total storage used in phone and total storage used in Google Drive
We use this information to:
Conduct research and analysis for product improvement
Give you the possibility to reset your forgotten password
All the information related to the data entries are not saved on Appeus servers.
This information is considered as Private Content. Private Content in our mobile applications are stored on a device memory in database and collection of files.
Private Content is not uploaded to any online storage without user’s action.
Sharing Your Information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
if Appeus is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice
on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Permissions required for the app
Access to camera
android.permission.CAMERA allows the use of the internal camera.
android.permission.CAMERA is required to let the app take pictures and use them inside the app system.
You can still use the app without using the camera but it is recommended to allow it.
Access to external storage
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE is required to keep database and images on external SD Card.
Run at startup
android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED let us restart the reminder if you have restarted your phone. Without it, the reminder would not have worked if you had restarted your phone.
Make purchase
com.android.vending.BILLING lets to purchase content inside the app itself.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us,
both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at appeus.apps@gmail.com
Other Information
Privacy Policy Updates
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy frequently. We will change the « Last Updated » date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy.
Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies.
Mentions légales
Articles récents
Handy Diary, ton journal intime sur ton smartphone Android ! (GeekJunior.fr)
30 novembre 2016
Son appli, c’est le journal intime du XXIe siècle (Ouest France)
30 novembre 2016
Appli mobile. Handy Diary cartonne sur le store (Le Tregor)
30 novembre 2016
Contact
Adresse :
26 rue de la côte des Bruyères 22300 Saint-Michel-En-Grève
Email :
contact@saintmichelenweb.com
Téléphone :
06 52 45 05 71
Zone d’activité
Saint Michel En Web peut intervenir en entreprise dans le Trégor, dans les communes entre Lannion et Morlaix : Plouegat-Guérand, Plestin-les-grèves, Saint-Michel-En-Grève, Locquirec, Lanmeur, Ploumilliau, Plouigneau, Guerlesquin, Plougasnou et Plouaret.
Les missions à distance sont également possibles.
Copyright © 2020
Saint Michel En Web