Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Unified Apps built the Make My Resume app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Unified Apps at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Make My Resume unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Information and its Usage
Currently we are collecting your personal information like name, email, contact number, address and other related information to create your resume. This data is only stored on your device. We do not store them to our servers.
We may collect information about your device including but not limited to operating system name and version, language, device id, Internet Protocol(IP) address and log files. This will help us to improve user experience and enhance our service.
We may use Cookies to collect data that will improve user experience and our service.
Third Party Service
We are using AdMob to serve ads in our service. And they may use some of your device information including but not limited to your device advertising id to serve personalized ads based on your interests. You can view and change your ads personalization
here
.
You can find out more about how Google handle your data from
here
and
here
.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. We store your personal information only on your device unless you manually choose to share it with any other users or third party service. We are sending your data to our server in secure manner. We do not store your data on our server.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites as a form of advertisement. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
we may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
unifiedappsrdx@gmail.com
.