Privacy Policy - Nabd
Privacy Policy
Effective date: May 23, 2018
Waveline Media FZ-LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the nabdapp.com website and the Nabd App mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. When you use the Service, you are consenting to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Service
Service means the nabdapp.com website and the Nabd App mobile application operated by us
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). The information we gather enables us to personalize, improve and continue to operate the Service. In connection with certain aspects of the Service, we may request, collect, use, share, and/or display some of your Personal Information. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Cookies and Usage Data
Data From Social Networks if you use your social network accounts to sign up and create an account in the Service.
We may use your Personal Data to provide you with relevant news or contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers, unique advertising identifiers, and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We may use and store information about your location  (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service and to deliver relevant news to you, as well as to improve and customize our Service.
Data from Social Networks
User information from social networking sites, such as Facebook, Google+, Twitter, including your name, your social network username, location, gender, birth date, email address, profile picture, and public data for contacts, if you connect your account or sign-up for an account at the Service using your accounts at such social networks.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies.
Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Online Postings
When you post comments, contributions or other content to the Service , you posts and location may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Service in perpetuity.
Interactions with Other Users
If you interact with other users of the Service, those users may see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity and your location.
Use of Data
We use the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To provide you with personalized news and relevant news stories
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
We may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Arab Emirates and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Arab Emirates and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Waveline Media FZ-LLC
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
You can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data by contacting us directly.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Third-party Video Services
The Service may use the
YouTube API Services
. By using the Service, you are agreeing to bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service
(
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
). The Google Privacy Policy is available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
You can revoke the Service's access to your Google data at any time via the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Flurry Analytics
Flurry Analytics service is provided by Yahoo! Inc.
You can opt-out from Flurry Analytics service to prevent Flurry Analytics from using and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry's Opt-out page:
https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do
AppsFlyer
AppsFlyer service is provided by AppsFlyer Ltd.
You can opt-out from AppsFlyer Analytics service to prevent AppsFlyer Analytics from using and sharing your information by visiting the AppsFlyer's Opt-out page:
https://www.appsflyer.com/optout
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of  AppsFlyer, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Facebook
Facebook advertising is provided by Facebook Inc.
Some of the ads may be served by Facebook:
https://m.facebook.com/ads/ad_choices
. You can opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads by following these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
For more information on the privacy practices policies of Facebook, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Flurry
Flurry is provided by Yahoo! Inc.
You can opt-out from Flurry service and prevent it from using and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry Opt-out page:
https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do
For more information on the privacy practices policies of Yahoo!, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/policy/index.htm
MoPub
MoPub is provided by MobPub, Inc.
You can opt-out from MobPub service by following the instructions on MoPub Opt-out page:
http://www.mopub.com/optout/
For more information on what information MobPub collects and how it's used, please read MoPub Privacy Policy:
http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Rubicon
Rubicon is provided by Rubicon Project, Inc.
You can opt-out from Rubicon service by following the instructions on the Rubicon Opt-out page:
https://rubiconproject.com/privacy/consumer-online-profile-and-opt-out/
For more information on what information Rubicon collects and how it's used, please read Rubicon Privacy Policy:
http://rubiconproject.com/rubicon-project-yield-optimization-privacy-policy/
Teads
Teads is provided by Teads Inc.
You can opt-out from Teads service by following the instructions on the following Opt-out page:
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
For more information on what information Teads collects and how it's used, please read Teads Privacy Policy:
https://teads.tv/privacy-policy/
You can learn more about interest-based advertising, including how to opt out of third-party partners’ advertising you see on the Service and on other services, by visiting
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
and
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
. For users in the EU/EAA, you can visit
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. If you opt out, you’ll still see ads, but they won’t be tailored using information like your interests, visits to other services, or demographics. Alternatively, you can opt out by discontinuing your use of the Service.
Ad technology providers
We use Ad technology providers to select and deliver advertisements for you, and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such advertisements, as well as to support ad delivery, ad measurement and other functions. These advertisements are sometimes targeted and served to particular users. Our ad technology partners will collect data, use cookies, mobile identifiers and advertising identifiers for ad personalization and measurement. To learn more and view a list of these Ad technology providers, please
click here
. By using the Service, you agree and consent to the share and use of the collected information to and by our Ad technology providers in accordance with this policy.
Behavioral Remarketing
We use remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on -
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
- for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Twitter
Twitter remarketing service is provided by Twitter Inc.
You can opt-out from Twitter's interest-based ads by following their instructions:
https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405
You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada
http://youradchoices.ca/
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
As our Service continues to develop, we may decide to revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version will govern our use of your information and will always be at
https://nabdapp.com/privacy
, and older versions are available upon request. If we make changes that we think will substantially alter your rights, we will notify you by posting a notice on our website. You agree to accept any changes or revisions to this privacy policy by continuing to use our Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: info@nabdapp.com