PRIVACY POLICY MODEL FOR Prayer Times: Azan, Quran, Qibla, Hijri, Tasbeeh APPLICATIONS
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Prayer Times: Azan, Quran, Qibla, Hijri, Tasbeeh for mobile devices that was created by Developer Company AppSourceHub.
About App:
Follow Your Daily Namaz/Salah schedule properly with Ramadan 2020 app. This app can be use as all in one as its contain
2020 Ramadan Calendar, Namaz Prayer Times, Qibla compass, 99 Names of Allah(Asma Al-Husna) , Islamic Calendar or Hijri Calendar, Hijri Date Converter, Ramadan Duas
and each day's
Sehri Timing and Iftar Timing
.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
User Provided Information we do not ask any user informations like your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information
Automatically Collected Information
We use Admob for ADS. Admob need internet persmission to show ads. It may collect some device informations. We do not use any kind of user information or save it.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
We use GPS permission "android.hardware.location.gps" to get location locally to show accurate prayer times and Qibla distance. This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No
Personal Data:
Personal Data:
- AppSourceHub respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected about you.
- AppSourceHub do not collect any personal user data. AppSourceHub may use tools or third-party analytics software to collect and use certain non-personal data that does not enable us to identify you (we track only data such as: device type, mobile device software, data carrier, ...).
- AppSourceHub uses Firbase and Google Analytics to analyze anonymous aggregated usage data for our applications.
Non-Personal Data:
-
Advertisers who serve ads may use technology which can uniquely identify mobile devices to deliver better target messages and control number of times you get an Add. Add Networks may access your unique device identifier through their own technologies and use it to target advertising to you.
- Advertisers make available links through advertisements or otherwise enabling you to access third party sites, tools or games. Please note that, while using such sites, tools or games, you are not affiliated with or controlled by us.
- AppSourceHub applications use Google AdMob ads as primary ad service.
- We use 3rd party libraries to monetize app data audiences.
Which permissions are used in this app?
<uses-permission android:name="android.hardware.location.gps" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.VIBRATE" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION" />
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET" />
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We do not collect any data from any user.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at admin@appsourcehub.com We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at admin@appsourcehub.com