Privacy Policy: Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
2018年11月24日星期六
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us and we make sure to only ask for permissions we really need to give you the best possible experience using the app. What kind of information is collected? For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies a user as an individual. “Non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify a user. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information from which any personally identifiable data has been removed. The App does not collect any personal data. However, Advertising companies may collect completely anonymous data (Non-personal data) through our service for solely ad targeting. Photo Lib: We use this permission to store and retrieve images derived from the app. This permission does not give us access to your photos or videos. Others: Crop image.
What an amazing effect.
Share your DIY with
friends in Facebook,Twitter,Wechat,and Line etc.
suggests the user having age as approved globally and suggested by the IARC. If the law of the State restricts and prohibits or disagree with the global age given by the IARC, then the age of user must be as per the law of his/her state at his/her own responsibility. also advices parents and legal guardians to monitor their wards/children’s Internet usage and to help them to enforce this policy. Ad companies may collect anonymous data through our services. Advertising companies may collect completely anonymous data through our service for solely ad targeting. Your acceptance of these terms By using our apps, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our apps. Your continued use of the Apps following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
发帖者
iboattech
时间：
06:23
通过电子邮件发送
BlogThis!
共享给 Twitter
共享给 Facebook
分享到Pinterest
没有评论:
发表评论
主页
订阅：
博文评论 (Atom)
博客归档
▼
2018
(1)
▼
十一月
(1)
Privacy Policy
“简单”主题背景. 由
Blogger
提供支持.