Tech Arena Apps: Tech Arena Privacy Policy
Tech Arena Apps
Tech Arena Privacy Policy
By
 installing and using the apps, you agree to this privacy policy and 
give an explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not 
agree, please do not install and use the apps.
Privacy Policy for Mobile Applications
1.
Non-personal Data:
Non-personal
 data means information that, by itself, does not personally identify 
you. We may collect Non-personal data such as your device model number, 
operating system version, country code and other properties for purposes
 of managing the apps and communicating with you.
2.
Personal Data
Personal
 data means personally identifiable information that specifically 
identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address). We 
never collect and / or store Personal data
3.
Third party terms and conditions
Please
 note that your access to and use of the apps may be subject to certain 
third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies. You
recognise
and
 agree that we is not liable for any such third-party terms and 
conditions and any third party's use of your Personal data. Here are 
links to the privacy policies of a few of the distributors we use: 
Google
4.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
We
 disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other 
legal processes as well as to establish/exercise our legal rights or 
defend against legal claims. We will share Personal data and 
Non-personal data in order to investigate, prevent or take action 
against illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the 
physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or as 
otherwise required by law.
5.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
TechArena Apps may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy 
Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and
 the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this 
Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
6.
Advertising
Ad
 networks are companies that manage the advertising process on this and 
many other apps. For that reason, they may know information about you 
based on the way you use all the apps where they provide advertising 
services. They compile this information to paint a picture of which 
types of adverts you are likely to be interested in. This app uses 
Google's mobile advertising platform Admob and fully complies with their
 privacy and the developer's policy. You can find out more about how 
they use your personal information here.
1. AdMob
7.
Contact us
If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests, please contact us on our  email us at
techarenaapps@gmail.com
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
No comments:
Post a Comment
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
About Me
Tech Arena Apps
View my complete profile
Simple theme. Powered by
Blogger
.