privacypolicy
Dreamers Software
Last updated on November 10, 2014.
At Dreamers Software we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy statement (“Privacy Policy”) applies to your use of the DREAMERS SOFTWARE applications on all platforms (“Application” or “Applications”), the related services we provide (“Services”) and the Site.
DREAMERS SOFTWARE (“DREAMERS SOFTWARE,” or “we”, “us” or “our”) has created this Policy to explain how information is collected and utilized.
This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties products that we do not control or own, such as AdMob, GoogleAnalytics, or any third party features or services made available via the Application, the Services or the Site. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications, the Services or the Site belong to their respective owners.
User Provided Information
The Application does not require to the user to provide information.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings,  your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL, cookies that may uniquely identify your browser and information about the way you use the Application.
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
ï‚§ as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
ï‚§ when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
ï‚§ with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
ï‚§ if DREAMERS SOFTWARE is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
ï‚§ to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application free. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below.
There are multiple opt-out options for users of this Application:
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers: you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by follow the instructions:
ï‚§ Open the Google Settings app on your device
ï‚§ Select Ads
Third-Party Sites
This Policy only covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, web sites, products or services that we do not control or own or any third party features or services made available via the Application, the Services or the Site. We shall not be liable for the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information by any third parties.
Third-Party Services Privacy Policy
ï‚§ Google Admob and Google Analytics: privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at software.dreamers@gmail.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Italy.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at software.dreamers@gmail.com
Dreamers Software - Copyright 2015 - Contact us for advice, tips and comments - software.dreamers@gmail.com
Home
About
Privacy policy