Privacy Policy | WriteDiary
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, 
            serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. 
            By continuing use of our website, you consent to our use of cookies. (
Cookie Policy
)
READ MORE
CLOSE
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated: 2022-11-03 (
Revision log
)
Privacy Policy
RECENT CHANGES:
Age requirement: must be 16 years or older to use this service.
Updated section "How we store data".
Updated password creating rules. (Password must have min. length 8 and must not be easy to guess)
See all changes
It governs the privacy terms of our website WriteDiary.com, and our
    Diary app available in Google Play Store.
    These services will be referred to as “Service”, “Services” or “our service”, in this
    document. Any capitalized terms not defined in our Privacy Policy, have
    the meaning as specified in our Terms of Service.
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed
    this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use,
    communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. We use
    your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Service
    (incl. the Website and Android App). By using the Service, you agree to
    the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
    Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this
    Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
    accessible at WriteDiary.com. The following outlines our privacy
    policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will
        identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the
        objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other
        compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual
        concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for
        the fulfillment of those purposes.
Personal information will
		be destroyed without delay once it is rendered unnecessary.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and,
        where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual
        concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to
        be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be
        accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security
        safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access,
        disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our
        policies and practices relating to the management of personal
        information.
The WriteDiary Android App can be named diffrently on Google Play store in your country/language.
    We always refer to the app on Google Play with packagename com.adpog.diary.
    The app can be named "Diary notes", "Tagebuch", "Günlük", "Dagbok", or other.
    In this policy we refer to this app as WriteDiary.
Your Privacy
WriteDiary.com follows all legal requirements to protect your
    privacy. Our Privacy Policy is a legal statement that explains how we
    may collect information from you, how we may share your information,
    and how you can limit our sharing of your information. We utilize the
    Personal Data you offer in a way that is consistent with this Personal
    privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a particular reason,
    we could make use of the Personal Data in connection with the reason
    for which it was provided. For example, registration info sent when
    developing your account, might be used to assist suggest products to
    you based on past acquisitions. We might use your Personal Data to
    offer access to services on the Site and monitor your use of such
    services. WriteDiary.com may also utilize your Personal Data and
    various other personally non-identifiable info gathered through the
    Website or App to assist us improve the material and functionality of
    the Service, to much better comprehend our users, and to improve our
    services. You will see terms in our Privacy Policy that are
    capitalized. These terms have meanings as described in the Definitions
    section below.
Definitions
"Non Personal Information" is information that is not personally
    identifiable to you and that we automatically collect when you access
    our Website or servers. It may also include publicly available
    information that is shared between you and others.
"Personally Identifiable Information" is non-public information that
    is personally identifiable to you and obtained in order for us to
    provide you within our Service. Personally Identifiable Information may
    include information such as your name, email address, ip, and other
    related information that you provide to us or that we obtain about you.
Information We Collect
Generally, you control the amount and type of information you provide
    to us when using our Service.
Email
- (Required only if account is created). If an account is created, your email will be requested and stored. The email is required to sign in, communicate with user, and to reset the password for the account created.
IP
- can be stored for security resons.
As a Visitor, you can browse our website to find out more about our
    Website. You are not required to provide us with any Personally
    Identifiable Information as a Visitor. The data will be stored in EU/EEA (see  "How do we store your data" section  for more details).
Method/Procedure to destruct personal data
(procedures and methods to destroy personal information)
1. You may request to erase your data inside the App. Use "Terminate account" option inside the Account details screen. You must be signed in to see the option (top right corner).
2. Or, via "Close account" option on the website (see "My Account").
3. Or, by sending a "Data erasure" request by email to support.
Notification of overseas transfer
Any personal information submitted will be transferred with encryption (SSL) and stored in WriteDiarys client account with "Digital Ocean" datasenters located in Europe (Digital Ocean, Amsterdam, The Nederlands).
    On account creation, account username (email) and ip address will be submitted and stored.
Password creation rules
Passwords should be at least 8 characters, a mixture of two or more of uppercase/lowercase
	letters (English), numbers, and special characters, or at least 10 digits combining one or more
	of them.
A password should be set not to include a series of characters easy to guess, such as a repeated
character or a keyboard series of characters. Example of bad and weak passwords: "password", "abcdefgh","12345678", "password1", "iloveyou", etc...
Computer Information Collected
When you use our Service, we automatically collect certain computer
    information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with
    our Website or App. Such information is typically considered Non
    Personal Information. We also collect the following:
Cookies
Our Website uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our Website that you have
        visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile
        device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on
        our Website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of
        Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to
        access functionality on our Website correctly or at all. We never
        place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
Automatic Information
We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This
        information includes the name of the website from which you entered
        our Website, if any, as well as the name of the website to which
        you're headed when you leave our website. This information also
        includes the IP address of your computer/proxy server that you use to
        access the Internet, your Internet Website provider name, web browser
        type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all
        of this information to analyze trends among our Users to help improve
        our Website.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our
        Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your
        computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser
        version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of
        your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
App permissions
The app requires a few permission to be installed and run. These permission
    are used to provide a better service.
Find accounts on phone
We can enable autosuggest on the email field used as login-name. This way
        you dont have to manually type your email, making the signup faster and less
        error-prone.
Network access
This permission lets the app access internet, required to read and store your entries,
        and other info related to your account/diary.
Run at startup
This permission let us restart the reminder if you have restarted your phone.
        Without it, the reminder would not have worked if you had restarted your phone.
Why do we collect information
We collect data to provide you with the best experience. We can also use analytics on our ads campaigns, to know which ads are more successful.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we receive from you as follows:
Customizing Our Service
We may use the Personally Identifiable information you provide to us along with any
        computer information we receive to customize our Service.
Sharing Information with Affiliates and Other Third Parties
We do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your Personally
        Identifiable Information to third parties for marketing purposes. We
        may provide your Personally Identifiable Information to affiliates
        that provide services to us with regards to our Service (i.e. payment
        processors, Website hosting companies, etc.); such affiliates will
        only receive information necessary to provide the respective services
        and will be bound by confidentiality agreements limiting the use of
        such information.
We may share aggregated or anonymous information that cannot identify you with third parties, including but not 
        limited to advisors, advertisers, analytics providers, and investors, for the purpose of conducting business 
        and improving the Services. We are using 3rd party tools as Google AdMob (for Ad serving) and Google FireBase (for analytics of app usage).
Serving Ads
and
collecting statistics
We collect statistical (non-identifiable) information on how you use the application so 
        we know what features are being using and based on that to modify application to better match your needs.
        All data that third-party companies collect is tied to your Android Advertising ID. You can find 
        information on how to edit your ad preferences based on your Google Account settings
here
.
Crash reports
Crash reports are sent only if the application crashes. They help us identify problems and release fixes early.
        We may use Firebase Crashlytics (a 3rd party Google Product) for collecting information regards crashreport.
Data Aggregation
We retain the right to collect and use any Non Personal Information collected from your use
        of our Service and aggregate such data for internal analytics that
        improve our Website and Service as well as for use or resale to
        others. At no time is your Personally Identifiable Information
        included in such data aggregations.
Legally Required Releases of Information
We may be legally required to disclose your Personally Identifiable
        Information, if such disclosure is (a) required by subpoena, law, or
        other legal process; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials
        or government enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate
        violations of or otherwise enforce our Legal Terms; (d) necessary to
        protect us from legal action or claims from third parties including
        you and/or other Members; and/or (e) necessary to protect the legal
        rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of WriteDiary.com,
        our Users, employees, and affiliates.
How do we store your data
Our Service stores your data at a data center in EU/EEA (3rd party hosting 
    provider "Digital Ocean", Amsterdam, The Netherlands).
    Data (email, ip) will be transferred to WriteDiary when signing up for an account. 
    The data will be transferred encrypted by use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL), a secure 
    method of transporting digital data.
    We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the 
    purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, 
    accounting, or reporting requirements. For statistical and analytical purposes, 
    3rd party tools (like Google Analtyics), we may collect data and store this data in US (outside EU/EEA.) 
    You can manually request your data to be deleted by contacting our email support.
Opt-Out
We offer you the chance to "opt-out" of having your personally
    identifiable information used for particular functions, when we ask you
    for this detail. When you register for the Site, if you do not want to
    receive any additional material or notifications from us, you can show
    your preference on our registration form.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not under
    our direct control. These websites may have their own policies
    regarding privacy. We have no control of or responsibility for linked
    websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and
    information of our visitors. You access such linked Websites at your
    own risk. These websites are not subject to this Privacy Policy. You
    should check the privacy policies, if any, of those individual websites
    to see how the operators of those third-party websites will utilize
    your personal information. In addition, these websites may contain a
    link to Websites of our affiliates. The websites of our affiliates are
    not subject to this Privacy Policy, and you should check their
    individual privacy policies to see how the operators of such websites
    will utilize your personal information.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but
    remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
    electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially
    acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot
    guarantee its absolute security. We utilize practical protection
    measures to safeguard against the loss, abuse, and modification of the
    individual Data under our control. Personal Data is kept in a secured
    database and always sent out by means of an encrypted SSL method when
    supported by your connected client. No Web, app or e-mail transmission is
    ever totally protected or mistake cost-free. For example, email sent
    out to or from the Site or app may not be protected. You must take unique care
    in deciding what info you send to us by means of e-mail, notes and entries,
    contact form, feedback, or any other use of our websites or apps.
Privacy Policy Updates
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. You
    should review this Privacy Policy frequently. If we make material
    changes to this policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog
    post, by email, app, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is
    at our sole discretion. We will also change the "Last Updated" date at
    the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our
    Privacy Policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace
    any prior Privacy Policies.
Questions About Our Privacy Practices or This Privacy Policy
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these
    principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal
    information is protected and maintained. If you have any questions
    about our Privacy Practices or this Policy, please contact us at
    https://www.writediary.com/contact.
History / Revisions of Privacy Policy
2022-11-03: Updated age requirements (min. 16 years old), details about password creation rules, overseas transfer, privacy policy revision history
2022-10-18: Updated privacy policy "Infomation we collect": Specified types of data collected (Email, IP) and why and where it is needed.
2022-07-26: Updated privacy policy: including statistical purposes (like Google Analytics).
2022-01-11: Updated privacy policy "How we store data". Specified where data is stored (Digital Ocean, Amsterdam)
2018-03-22: Updated section "Security", spesified notes/entries, contact form and feedback as possible ways to send info to us.
2015-06-12: First version of Privacy Policy.