What's going on with Zwigglers?
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our services, create or share, and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content you provide, such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. We also collect information about how you use our services, such as the types of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities.
We collect information from or about the computers, phones, or other devices where you install or access our services, depending on the permissions you've granted.
Facebook Data
When authorized by you, we may use data provided by Facebook to provide a better experience in our products. Data is used in the following manners:
We may use your name and image when signed in to our services. These images are cached temporarily on our servers and not stored permanently. This information is not accessible to other users unless you make public posts while logged in using our using our services.
We may use your time zone in order to help provide services that pertain to the time of the day.
We may use your friends' data in order to locate other users on our services only when requested by you. None of this data is stored.
Terms of Service
You own all of the content and information you post on our apps. For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos, you give us the following permission, you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any content that you post on or in connection with our apps.
By using or accessing our apps, you also agree to policies from the platforms you access our apps through, such as
Facebook
,
iTunes App Store
and
Google Play
.
iTunes Subscriptions
You can choose between monthly and yearly subscriptions.
The subscription price will be charged to your iTunes account when confirming your purchase.
Your subscription will automatically renew on a monthly basis unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
Within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period, your account will be charged for renewal.
You can manage in-app subscriptions and turn off auto-renewal by viewing your iTunes Account Settings after purchase.
Upon subscribing, any free trial periods will end and any remaining balance will be forfeited.
Data Deletion
We maintain a minimal amount of information on our users. If you wish to have your personal data removed from our services, please submit a request
at this link
.
Contact Us