Ana Sayfa
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy describes what kind of data kirici collects and receives. "Personal information" should be considered as personally identifiable data that is not publicly available, including things such as name or email address. The following terms apply to all products, software, services and websites facilitated by kirici:
Collected information
Kirici may receive any information you agree to share with us, i.e. name, location, or sex, but only when the choice exists and is clearly presented by the application. Kirici automatically receives and may record information from your web browser after you access our webpages, including your IP address and your URL of choice. Also, kirici's applications can gather device identification data, such as your device ID, IMEI number, etc.
Information usage
Kirici uses information only for general purposes, such as customization of advertising and content, improvement of services, collect app crashs, and research.
Information sharing
Kirici does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission. We can share the information to our partners who work with us. These companies may use information to help us communicate offers, but they don't have any rights to share this information.
Statistics
Kirici gathers statistics about our applications usage behaviour. Kirici uses this information to improve the customer experience, as well as customize advertising and content. This data does not include personal information or any other information from your device or computer that is unrelated to the application. Apps uses Google Analytics to gather traffic information and demographics. The Google Analytics privacy policy is available at www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html .
Advertising
Apps uses Google's AdMob and Facebook's advertising service and on iOS additionally iAd. AdMob's privacy policy is available at
www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
. iAd's privacy policy is available at
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
. Facebooks's privacy policy is available at
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
. When an app is unlocked or the pro version is used, the advertising extension is disabled / not executed.
TERMS OF USE
By installing an Application, you agree to the following rules: We make effort to provide a reliable access to our applications, however outages and unexpected downtime may occur. Kirici does not make any guarantees of uninterrupted or continued service. In particular, lost virtual currency and/or virtual goods may occur from time to time due to technical problems. Kirici is separated and is in no way affiliated with the companies that operate any existing or future advertising or payment providers that may become integrated with the application, so is not responsible for actions they may or may not take regarding services they provide. Kirici makes no warranty or guarantees regarding the availability and continued use of these external services. Any problems using these external services must be reported to them directly. Kirici is in no way responsible for any personal injury you may incurred through your use of the application. Kirici reserves the right to discontinue the application distribution at any time and not to refund real money spent on getting virtual currency.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse