Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated:20/10/2020
OCEAN LOOK INTERNATIONAL Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as "we") knows the importance of personal information to you, and we will protect your personal information in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. Please read and fully understand and agree to this Privacy Policy before using it and its services. If you do not agree with any of the contents of this policy, you should immediately stop using the Mokoroom and its services. When you use any product or service of oceanlook.ltd and its affiliates, you agree and fully understand the entire content of this policy.
This policy will help you understand the following:
1. Information we collect and required permissions
2.How we use, transfer, and disclose your personal information
3.How do you manage your personal information
4.How do we protect your personal information
5.How do we handle personal information of minors
6.How do we store your personal information
How to update this policy
8.How to contact us
1. Information we collect and required permissions
1.1 When you use the Mokoroom app, in order to ensure your normal use of our functions, maintain the normal operation of our functions, improve and optimize our functional experience, and ensure the security of your account, we will collect your log information as follows:
Including: device model, operating system, unique device identifier (IMEI), login IP address, software version number, network access method, type and status, network quality data, operation logs, service log information (such as your Function information, material information used in the process).
This type of information is the basic information that must be collected to provide the service.
1.2 When you use the Mokoroom app, in order to ensure your normal use, maintain the normal operation of our services, improve and optimize the user experience, and protect your account security, we may require you to grant the following personal permissions to use you:
Storage permissions: Read and modify the content in your SDK, which is mainly used to export the picture files you make to local albums; store downloaded materials;
Camera: HD shooting, beauty shoot,
Photo album: import pictures;
Read phone information: Used to log in.
face recognition: For specific theme template editing and short video production services, Mokoroom collects the avatar photos you’ve uploaded or shot. To use some functions of the theme templates that need face matting, you can voluntarily permit Mokoroom to access the camera or photo album to obtain photos from your mobile device. Only after you confirm your permission, can Mokoroom access your camera and photo album. When you use some face recognition functions (including but not limited to theme templates), we automatically captures the positions and shapes of your five sense organs, analyzes the facial feature information, stores such information on our server for photo processing, and returns the renderings to you. We will not store such processed photos, facial feature information, or renderings, or share them with any third party. Such information is processed only to run the face recognition function and provide you with better renderings.
Such data is sensitive, and refusing to permit such data access will only prevent you from using the corresponding functions, but will not affect your normal use of the other functions of the APP.
1.3 According to relevant laws and regulations and national standards, we may collect and use your related user information without asking your authorization and consent in the following situations:
1) Directly related to national interests such as national security and national defense security; directly related to major public interests such as public safety, public health, and public information;
2) directly related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment enforcement;
3) Out of the protection of your or other individual's life, property, reputation and other major legal rights and interests, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
4) The collected user information is disclosed to the public by yourself;
5) Collecting user information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure, etc .;
6) Necessary for signing and performing contracts according to your requirements;
7) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as finding and disposing of product or service failures;
8) Necessary for legal news reporting;
9) When it is necessary to carry out statistical or academic research in the public interest, and when it provides the results of academic research or description to the outside, the user information contained in the results is de-identified;
10) Other circumstances required by laws and regulations.
Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a function or service is not in the foregoing description and your information is collected, we will use page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements, etc. Separately explain to you the content, scope and purpose of the information collected for your consent.
How we use, transfer, and disclose your personal information
2.1 The information we collect will be used for the following purposes:
2.1.1 We will only use your information to implement the functions of our products or services and to provide services to you as described in this policy;
2.1.2 Meet your personalized needs and provide you with personalized recommendations and services, such as recommending content that is suitable for you or that you may be interested in based on your browsing, searching, and other behaviors;
2.1.3 Optimize products and services, improve user experience, conduct data statistics and analysis to evaluate, maintain and improve the performance of our products and services, develop new products, new services, provide customer support, etc., identification will be removed when used, Will not identify you personally;
2.1.4 For the purpose of protecting the security of our products and services, we may use your information for identity verification, monitoring account and transaction risks, detection and security precautions, fraud monitoring, archive backup, customer security services, etc .;
2.1.5 When emergencies or emergencies occur, your information must be recorded, audited, analyzed, and disposed of as necessary.
2.2 We will not transfer your personal information to any third party without your explicit consent. However, when information may be transferred as a result of our possible merger, division, acquisition, asset sale, or bankruptcy liquidation, we will require the recipient to protect your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations and standards no less than this privacy policy.
2.3 We will only disclose your personal information if:
2.3.1 Comply with applicable laws and regulations;
2.3.2 In accordance with the requirements of judicial organs, government agencies or other authorized organizations or relevant legal documents and procedures;
2.3.3 To investigate, prevent, and deal with problems such as violations of laws and regulations, torts, safety, technology, or the need for litigation or arbitration;
2.3.4 We have reasons to believe that we need to abide by relevant laws and regulations;
2.3.5 Use, share, and disclose your information to the necessary extent for reasonable purposes such as implementing relevant service agreements or this policy, safeguarding the public interest and safety, protecting the legitimate rights and interests of you and us and others.
2.4 The information we obtain from legal public channels, such as the information you disclose to the public, news reports, government information disclosure and other legal channels, will be exempted from consent, use, transfer, disclosure, etc. according to law.
3.How do you manage your personal information
3.1 You can access, modify and delete the personal information you provided while using our services, and you can also contact us in the manner described in this policy. However, please be aware that the modification and deletion of personal information may affect the use of related services involved in the information or render the service unavailable.
3.2 You can prevent the website from using cookies by modifying your browser settings, but after blocking, you may not be able to use the services or features that rely on our cookies.
3.3 If you find that we have collected or used your personal information in violation of laws and regulations or the provisions of this policy, or you find that the information we have collected or stored is wrong, you can contact us through the methods described in this policy and ask us to delete or correct.
3.4 When you access, modify and delete related information, we may require you to verify your identity to ensure the security of your account.
3.5 Please understand that due to technical limitations, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to meet all your requirements, and we will respond to your request within a reasonable period.
3.6 For your personal sensitive information, once it is leaked, illegally provided or abused, it may endanger the safety of people and property, and may easily cause damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health, or discriminatory treatment. Please upload and publish it when using our products and services Be cautious about any content or information (such as photos, pictures, videos, audio, comments, etc.) and not to disclose your personal sensitive information.
4.How do we protect your personal information
4.1 We will take reasonable measures to protect your personal information by various technical means within the technical level of the same industry.
4.2 We have established a corresponding internal security guarantee system and arranged special personnel to be responsible for the corresponding information security guarantee. You understand that the Internet environment is not 100% secure and we will do our best to ensure the security of your personal information.
4.3 If a personal information security incident occurs, we will immediately launch an emergency plan and will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take, and you can Self-prevention and risk reduction advice, remedies for you, and more. We will promptly inform you about the incident by mail, letter, phone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to notify the individual information subject one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to make an announcement. At the same time, we will proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities.
5.How do we handle personal information of minors
5.1 Minors may not create their own user accounts without the consent of the guardian. Minors should use our products and services with the consent, guidance, and supervision of their parents or guardians.
5.2 For minors, especially children's personal information collected with the consent of parents or guardians, we will only use, share or disclose this information if permitted by laws and regulations, the parent or guardian's explicit consent or necessary to protect the minor information.
5.3 If you are the guardian of a minor, if you have any questions about the personal information of the minor under your guardianship, please contact us through the methods described in this policy.
6.How do we store your personal information
We will abide by laws and regulations, and personal information collected and generated in the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China.
How to update this policy
Our privacy policy is subject to change, and the revised policy will be posted on the relevant page or other appropriate means. If you do not agree with the revised policy content, please stop using our products and services immediately; if you choose to continue to access or use our products and services after this policy is modified, you are deemed to have accepted all the modifications to this policy.
8.How to contact us
8.1 If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this privacy policy, or you find that your personal information has been leaked, you can contact us through the customer service of Mokoroom.feel free to contact us at [FaceeVideoAPP@Gmail.com]