WPSApp Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
WPSApp Privacy Policy
Página principal
main
WPSApp Privacy Policy
Página principal
main
More
Página principal
main
Last updated: 04/05/2023
PRIVACY POLICY
RMSoft built the WPSApp app as an Ad Supported app. This app is provided by RMSoft at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my app.
If you choose to use my app, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the app. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using my app, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Advertising ID.
The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third-party service providers used by WPSApp:
Google
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Crashlytics
If you don't want to share the identifier of your mobile device or show personalized ads, you must uninstall this app.
Permissions
Location Permission:
WPSApp uses "ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION" permission to make the app able to search for available WiFi networks around you.
The reason you need to allow location permission is because of Android 6.0 (and higher versions) limitations and the new Google policy. This permission will not be used by me to find your exact location in any way.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my app, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my app, the time and date of your use of the app, and other statistics.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy please write me to themausoft@gmail.com
© Copyright 2023 RMSoft - All Rights Reserved
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse