Telz. International and local calls. Сall recording.
Telz - International calls
Toggle navigation
Menu
TELZ
Buy credits
Download
Features
Contact
Privacy Policy
Nettia OY built the Telz app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Nettia OY and is
                    intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and
                    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
                    relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and
                    improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
                    in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
                    which is accessible at Telz unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain
                    personally identifiable information, including but not limited to android id, sim name, sim
                    country, network name, network country, device name, ipv4 address, ipv6 address. The information
                    that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Fabric
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we
                    collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This
                    Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”)
                    address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our
                    Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Address Book
When you first install the App on your device, you will be asked to allow us
                    access to your address book. If you consent, we will have access to contact information in your
                    address book on the devices you use for the Services (only names and numbers) and we will store
                    it locally on your device and use it for the following purposes:
Correctly formatting the phone numbers for international calling.
Correctly display the name of each contact as it appears in your address book when a call is
                        received through the App.
Sync your contacts in the address book on your device with the App.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
                    identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on
                    your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third
                    party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their
                    services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is
                    being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
                    portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
                    Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
                    are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
                    commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
                    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
                    guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be
                    directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we
                    strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and
                    assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party
                    sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                    periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
                    Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-07-05
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us
                    at
[email protected]
.
© 2024 Nettia. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy
Terms