Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: July 23, 2022
App operates the mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Our is managed through Free Privacy Policy Website.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
1.Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
First name and last name
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
2.Use of Data
Uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
3.Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to ?? and maintained on ?? computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside English and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to English and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
4.Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Our may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
5.Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
6.How to access, modify/delete your information
You can access, modify or delete information provided to us through your account and the services/features provided by the app. Your actions are updated in real time to protect your privacy.
If you believe that information published by this software is inaccurate or untrue or violates your privacy rights, you agree to notify us in the event of a similar conflict and we will be able to comply with your request. This includes deleting personal information that we have collected or used in error.
If you decide not to use this software or permanently delete all content you upload/publish/generate, you can permanently cancel your account through the account cancellation function provided by this software, and all content generated by the account and related data (your real name, avatar, nickname, photo album, moment pictures, signature, email, IP address, access records, chat records, login information and other related data) will be deleted and cannot be retrieved.
Here's how you can delete your data or permanently delete your account and everything generated by that account.
If you want to delete an uploaded/published content, you can click the "Delete" button to completely delete the content.
If you decide to log out of your account, you can use this feature in the following ways:
Click "Me" - open "Settings/About" page - click "Logout Account" - complete logout.
If you are unable to complete the above operations or have any questions, please contact the online customer service through the "Customer Service Feedback" entry in the app, and we will help you solve the problem.
7.Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
            Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with
            other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its
            own advertising network.
You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your
            device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy
            Policy:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web
            page:https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
8.Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
9.Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
10.Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
11.User Generated Content Policy
1.Your UGC
1.All content submitted to our Website or via our Apps by you (or on your behalf) via your User account (or other social media account, if applicable), including without limitation, your name, biographical information and all other names, usernames, pseudonyms, text, likenesses, graphics, logos, marks, images, photographs, code, and all other information and material shall be called your "UGC" for short.
2.You agree to submit UGC to the Website and via our Apps in accordance with the following rules (in particular, the Legal Standards and the Review Guidelines, as those terms are defined below). Please use caution and common sense when submitting UGC to the Website or via our App.
3.Publication of your UGC will be at our sole discretion and we are entitled to make additions or deletions to your UGC prior to publication, after publication or to refuse publication.
4.Please note, any UGC you submit to our Website or via our Apps will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.
2.Rights, permissions & waivers
2.1You hereby grant to Our and any of our group companies and affiliates a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable, royalty-free licence (including full rights to sub-license) to use, reproduce and publish your UGC (including, without limitation, the right to adapt, alter, amend or change your UGC) in any media or format (whether known now or invented in the future) throughout the world without restriction.
2.2You warrant, represent and undertake to us that all UGC you submit is your own work or that you have obtained all necessary rights and permissions of the relevant owner of the work and that you have all relevant rights in your UGC to enable you to grant the rights and permissions in this clause 2.
2.3Where your UGC contains images of people or names or identifies individuals, you warrant, represent and undertake to us as follows:
2.3.1that all featured or identified individuals that are over the age of 18 and have expressly consented to their appearance in the UGC and to you submitting the UGC to our Website or via our Apps, and
2.3.2where featured or identified individuals are under the age of 18, that you either:
i.are the parent or legal guardian or such featured or identified individuals, or
ii.have obtained the express consent from a parent or legal guardian of such featured or identified individuals to their appearance in the UGC and to you submitting the UGC to our Website or via our Apps.
2.4You hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waive and agree not to assert (or procure the same from any third party where applicable) any and all moral rights and any other similar rights and all right of publicity and privacy in any country in the world in connection with your UGC, to the maximum extent permissible by law.
3Content standards – legal standards
3.1You warrant, represent and undertake to us that your UGC (including its use, publication and/or exploitation by us) shall not:
3.1.1infringe the copyrights or database rights, trademarks, rights of privacy, publicity or other intellectual property or other rights of any other person or entity; and/or
3.1.2contain any material which is defamatory of any person; and/or
3.1.3contain misleading or deceptive statements or omissions or misrepresentation as to your identity (for example, by impersonating another person) or your affiliation with any person or entity; and/or
3.1.4breach any legal or fiduciary duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence; and/or
3.1.5advocate, promote, or assist discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age; and/or
3.1.6contain any malicious code, such as viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other potentially harmful programmes, codes or material; and/or
3.1.7violate any other applicable law, statute, ordinance, rule or regulation,
(together, or individually the "Legal Standards").
3.2If your UGC contains any material that is not owned by or licensed to you and/or which is subject to third party rights, you are responsible for obtaining, prior to submission of your UGC, all releases, consents and/or licenses necessary to permit use and exploitation of your UGC by us without additional compensation. Please see clause 2 above for further details.
4Content standards – review guidelines
4.1You warrant, represent and undertake to us that your UGC:
4.1.1is accurate, where it states facts; and/or
4.1.2is genuinely held, where it states opinions (for example, in product or services reviews).
5Consequences of breach
5.1We will determine, in our discretion, whether you have failed to comply with this UGC Policy when submitting UGC to our Website or via our Apps. If you have failed to comply, we reserve the right in our sole discretion to suspend you from using the Website and/or our Apps without notice to you and/or to edit or remove (in whole or part) any of your UGC from our Website and our Apps on a temporary or permanent basis.
5.2Notwithstanding clause 5.1 above, if you or your UGC does not comply with this UGC Policy, and as a result of this, we suffer any loss or damage, you will be liable to us and hereby agree to indemnify us for any such loss or damage. This means that you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your failure to comply with this UGC Policy, including but not limited to our Legal Standards and/or Review Guidelines.
5.3We also reserve the right:
5.3.1to pass on any UGC that gives us concern to the relevant authorities; and
5.3.2to disclose your identity to any third party (or their professional advisor) who claims that any of your UGC constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
6Changes to this UGC Policy
6.1We may change this UGC Policy from time to time, in which case an up to date version will be available via the Website and our Apps. You should check this UGC Policy regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes. You will be deemed to have accepted any changes to this UGC Policy after you have been notified of the changes on our Website or our Apps and/ or if you continue to access or use the Website or our Apps, where the updated UGC Policy will be available for you to view.