TroveSkin Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy For TroveSkin
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the TroveSkin app, subscribe to our newsletter, do the daily skin logs and daily lifestyle logs, add products to your stash, perform skincare routines and so on. When registering on our site, as and when appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, photo, mailing address, or phone number.
Information we collect:
Selfie uploaded to our app
via your camera or camera roll (if you have granted us permission to access your camera or camera roll) for the purpose of skin analysis. It is stored safely and securely in our storage until you delete it. Once deleted, the selfie is removed permanently from our storage.
Skincare products that you uses
, uploaded to the app via the Products Stash feature.
App usage information,
such as information about how you use the App and interact with us, including your preferred language, the date and time when you first installed the App and the date and time you last used the App.
Social media information,
if you choose to login to the App via a third-party platform such as Facebook and Google, we may collect information from that platform or network, such as your social media alias, first and last name, a number of “friends” on the social media platform and, if depending on your Facebook or other network settings, a list of your friends or connections (though we do not use or store this information). Our collection and processing of the information we obtain from social media platforms are governed by the requirements these social media platforms impose on us in their relevant terms and conditions..
Device data,
such as your computer and mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device ID, push tokens, Google Advertising ID, Apple ID for Advertising, browser type, screen resolution, IP address and the associated country in which you are located..
Online activity data,
such as information about your use of and actions on the App and the Sites, including pages or screens you viewed, session duration, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and length of access.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: to process your photo for automated face recognition systems, to personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs), to provide personalized content and information to you, to develop new features and products, to improve our app (we strive to improve our app based on the information and feedback we receive from you), to improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs), to process transactions and to conduct machine learning purposes.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We use secure servers. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our database, to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential.
Data deletion
If you would to have your data deleted, please send an email to hello@troveskin.com, stating your user name and email used for your TroveSkin account, and we will have your data permanently removed.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We use secure servers. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our database, to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential.
Unless otherwise requested by you, you acknowledge that we may sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information like your selfie images/photos for research, machine learning, marketing and/or advertising purposes without your prior consent. Non-personally identifiable information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We collaborate only with trusted third parties, who assist us in operating our website and/or continuing our services, conducting/sustaining our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential and comply with all applicable data privacy laws. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and app, and not to information collected offline.
Terms of Use
Please also visit our Terms of Use
section
establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site and mobile application, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, send an email notifying you of any changes, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
hello@troveskin.com
Last updated on: 28 January 2022