My Elevation Privacy Policy
My Elevation Privacy Policy
RDH Software built the My Elevation application as an Ad Supported application. This application is provided by
                    RDH Software at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure
                    of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our application.
If you choose to use our application, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
                    relation to this policy. The information that we collect is used for providing and improving
                    the application. You do not have to provide personal information to use our application. If you choose to provide personal information, such as by sending an e-mail, we will use the information you provide to respond to you.  We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
                    in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is
                    accessible at My Elevation unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our application, we may require you to provide us with certain information, including but not limited to your computer's IP address and 
        location. This information is anonymized (it does not personally identify you) and is used only to support the core functions of the application and to help RDH Software debug the application in case of a crash or other error in the application.
The application does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Links to privacy policies of third party service providers used by the application are listed below.
Google Services
Google Play Services
- This is a core part of many other applications typically used on Android devices. My Elevation uses Google Play Services to support the maps you see in the application. I also uses them to find your location if you choose to use "Follow Me" mode.  The application can be set to not retrieve your location.  To set the application to not retrieve your location go to Preferences, GPS Settings and set the "Use GPS for My Location" switch to Off.
Google AdMob
- This service is used to show ads in the application.  We do not offer an ad free version of the application.
Firebase Analytics
- The data analytics collected contains no identifying or personal data and is anonymous. It is related to what features are used in the application and consumption of the web services we rely on to provide elevation, weather and Wikipedia data. We use this information to determine which features to add or enhance. You may turn off the analytics by going Preferences, Analytics Data and set the "Analytics/Crash Reporting Data Preference" switch to Off.
Elevation - The following third party providers are used for finding elevation for a given location. The application transmits coordinates (lattitude and longitude) to these services based on your location or locations you long press on the map.
USGS
Government of Canada and Natural Resources Canada
Geonames
Ersi
Geocoding - The following third party providers are used for finding street addresses shown in the popups that appear when you long-press on the map. The application transmits coordinates to them when you long press on the map. They are also used to find addresses related to the words you enter in the search feature of the application. The application transmits what you type in the search feature to these services.
Here Maps
LocationIQ
Google Geogoding API
Other Services - The application transmits coordinates to the services below when you long press on the map.
Openweathermaps
or
Geonames
These services are used to show weather conditions for the locations you long-press on the map.  You may turn off this feature off by going to Preferences, Additional Data Retrieval and set the "Get Weather Data" switch to Off.
Wikipedia
This service is used to show Wikipedia attractions for the locations you long-press on the map.  You may turn off this feature off by going to Preferences, "Additional Data Retrieval" and set the Show More Info Data switch to Off.
Google Street View API
This service is used to identify street level view information for locations you search or locations you long-press on the map.  You may turn off this feature off by going to Preferences, Additional Data Retrieval and set the "Google Street Level" switch to Off.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our application, in a case of
                    an error in the application we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone
                    called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
                    device name, operating system version, the configuration of the application when utilizing our application,
                    the time and date of your use of the application, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
                    These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal
                    memory.
This application does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the application may use third party code and
                    libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to
                    either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose
                    to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this application.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties may have access to
                    your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However,
                    they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites
This application may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
                    to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly
                    advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over
                    and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
                    or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect
                    personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child
                    under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from
                    our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
                    information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
                    this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting
                    the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
                    this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
rdhsoftware@gmail.com