Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is in place to help you comprehend the information we collect from you, how we collect it, handle it, and how you can update, manage, export and also delete your information. This Privacy Policy applies to all the services offered by Digivive Services Pvt. Ltd. including the website and the application versions of nexGTv app, www.nexgtv.com collectively known as "(Platform)". This Privacy Policy applies to all Users ("Users") of the Platform.
BY USING THE PLATFORM, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT PROCEED FURTHER TO USE THIS PLATFORM
Our range of services includes media streaming services across various digital platforms. Our services can be used in various ways which allow you to choose how to deal with your personal information available with us, and also allows you to have more control over your own privacy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
In order to provide our services, we collect various unique identifiers pertaining to you. Personal Information is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by us, to associate with your profile with us.
Information which you provide to us: When you create an account with us, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password, for the provisioning of an account and access to it. We also collect any further information pertaining to contact details including your contact number, e-mail address, name, location, profile image on the social media platforms of Facebook, Twitter, and Google where you make such connection to our Platform.
Information we collect as you use our services: In order to make our services more curated, we store the information we collect from you along with the personal information, as retrieved from your user, when you are accessing our Platform. The information we collect from you bear a lot many unique identifiers, including browser type settings, operating system, mobile network information including the carrier details and the phone number, device type settings. We also collect information about the interaction of your browsers, apps, and devices with our services, including IP address, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, referrer URL of your request. We collect this information, when you have logged onto, or browse through our Platform.
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend you videos you may like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content across the Platform and various ads
Purchase activity
Activity on third party sites and apps which use our services
WHY WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We collect and use your information in the following ways:
Provision of our services: we use your information to provide our services to you.
Maintain and improve our own services: we use your information to understand how efficiently our services are working for you. By tracking outages, troubleshooting issues, which are reported by you, we aim at providing better maintenance and upgrades and where necessary. This is aimed at making your experience on our Platform smoother.
Upgrades: by understanding your pattern in using various features of the Platform, we are able to understand better what can be bettered on our Platform, and accordingly provide with upgrades.
Personalized services, including various content and ads: in order to be able to provide recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results, we use the information collected from you for the purposes of the outlined customization. However, personalized ads are not targeted basis any sensitive categories of personal information, such as race, religion, health, or sexual orientation. Your personally identifiable information is not shared with the advertisers unless and until you ask us to.
Data Analytics: we use data analytics and other techniques to understand how our services are utilized. By checking the number of visits to our Platform, we work around the design of the Platform. We also use such data to help advertisers understand the effect of their advertisement campaigns.
Communication: we use the information we collect from you, to interact with you. For sending necessary notifications, including provision of notifications related to any suspicious activity, we need to reach out to you directly. In order to notify any changes in our products, services, or policies, we would like to let you know in time. Where you reach out to us with any service requests, we also keep a record of such interactions in order to serve you better later.
Depending on your account settings, your activity on our Platform may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Digivive’s services and the ads delivered to you, by us. While we use different technologies to process your information, we employ such techniques to analyze the content for better search results, personalized ads, and customize other features of the Platform for you. We also analyze the content, to check for spams, malwares, and any illegal content. We will always ask for your consent, before we proceed with using your information for a purpose that has not been covered by this Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY CONTROLS
We want you to be aware of the controls you have of your information. This section will help you understand better how to manage your privacy across our services. You can also check with our Privacy Settings, which provides you with an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy features.
When you are signed into our Platform, you can access and review your information at all times.
Our Privacy controls have the following features:
Activity Controls: you can choose what you share with us, and you what you want to be customized for you.
Ad settings: you can choose what your interests are, and whether your personal information is being used to make your ads more relevant for you. You can also choose how to manage certain advertising services.
About you features: you can control what information shared by you, is public, and visible to others.
Sharing of information: you can also control whom you share your information with vide social media platforms.
Ways to review your information:
You can edit your information as available with you, where you have provided such information to us directly, by visiting our Settings.
Exporting, removing and deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information, if you choose to use another service beyond Digivive.
You will also be able to remove content from specific services, based on the applicable laws
To delete your information you can: Visit Settings menu and tap ‘Delete my account’ option
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
WHY WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We collect and use your information in the following ways:
Provision of our services: we use your information to provide our services to you.
Maintain and improve our own services: we use your information to understand how efficiently our services are working for you. By tracking outages, troubleshooting issues, which are reported by you, we aim at providing better maintenance and upgrades and where necessary. This is aimed at making your experience on our Platform smoother.
Upgrades: by understanding your pattern in using various features of the Platform, we are able to understand better what can be bettered on our Platform, and accordingly provide with upgrades.
Personalized services, including various content and ads: in order to be able to provide recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results, we use the information collected from you for the purposes of the outlined customization. However, personalized ads are not targeted basis any sensitive categories of personal information, such as race, religion, health, or sexual orientation. Your personally identifiable information is not shared with the advertisers unless and until you ask us to.
Data Analytics: we use data analytics and other techniques to understand how our services are utilized. By checking the number of visits to our Platform, we work around the design of the Platform. We also use such data to help advertisers understand the effect of their advertisement campaigns.
Communication: we use the information we collect from you, to interact with you. For sending necessary notifications, including provision of notifications related to any suspicious activity, we need to reach out to you directly. In order to notify any changes in our products, services, or policies, we would like to let you know in time. Where you reach out to us with any service requests, we also keep a record of such interactions in order to serve you better later.
Depending on your account settings, your activity on our Platform may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Horizon TV services and the ads delivered to you, by us. While we use different technologies to process your information, we employ such techniques to analyze the content for better search results, personalized ads, and customize other features of the Platform for you. We also analyze the content, to check for spams, malwares, and any illegal content. We will always ask for your consent, before we proceed with using your information for a purpose that has not been covered by this Privacy Policy.
PRIVACY CONTROLS
We want you to be aware of the controls you have of your information. This section will help you understand better how to manage your privacy across our services. You can also check with our Privacy Settings, which provides you with an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy features.
When you are signed into our Platform, you can access and review your information at all times.
Our Privacy controls have the following features:
Activity Controls: you can choose what you share with us, and what you want to be customized for you.
Ad settings: you can choose what your interests are, and whether your personal information is being used to make your ads more relevant for you. You can also choose how to manage certain advertising services.
About you features: you can control what information shared by you, is public, and visible to others.
Ways to review your information:
You can edit your information as available with you, where you have provided such information to us directly, by visiting your Profile on the Platform
Exporting, removing and deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information
You will also be able to remove content from specific services, based on the applicable laws
To delete your information, you can: Contact our customer care or Visit Settings menu and tap ‘Delete my account’. In case you choose to delete your account, certain information will be deleted immediately. Some information may be deleted at a later date or may be anonymised in case of permanent retention.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
You can share your information across various platforms, and you always have the control over what you share, and how you share.
We do not share your information outside of Digivive, with companies, organizations, or individuals, except in the following conditions:
With your consent: we will share your personal information outside of Digivive only when we have your consent. We will always for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information. Sensitive personal information is a specific category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical history, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
For External Processing: we provide personal information, to our Affiliates, and other trusted businesses or persons, to process it for us, but such is carried out only basis our instructions, and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other relevant confidentiality and security measures. For example, we take help from service providers for customer support.
For legal reasons: we will share personal information outside Digivive only if we believe in good faith that such access, use, preservation, or disclosure of information is absolutely necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or enforceable government request.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including potential investigation of any possible violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise, address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Digivive, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly with our partners – like [Algolia.] We also allow certain partners to collect information from your browser, or device for advertising and measurement purposes, using their own cookies, or similar technologies.
If Digivive is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we will strive to continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information, and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
The Digivive Platform is built with strong security features that work continuously towards protecting your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from reaching you. And if and when we detect something risky, and where we think you should be made aware of that, we will notify you and guide you through the process to stay better protected.
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit;
We review our information collection, storage, and processing activities, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems;
We restrict access to personal information to Digivive employees, contractors, and agents, who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access right is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined, or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
DATA TRANSFERS
We maintain servers around the world, and your information may be processed on servers located outside of your country, where you reside. Data protection laws vary across countries, with some providing stricter protection than the others. Regardless of where your information is being processed from, we employ the same protections described in this Policy. When we receive formal complaints, we respond by contacting the person directly who made the complaint.
APPLICATION OF THIS POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to all the services offered by Digivive Services Pvt. Ltd. This Privacy Policy does not apply to services that have separate Privacy Policies in place, and that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
However, this Privacy Policy does not apply to,
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services;
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may include Digivive services, be displayed to you in search results, or be linked from our services.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights as under this Policy without your explicit consent, unless required to. We always indicate the date that the last changes were published. If changes are significant, we will share more prominent notices, (including an e-mail notification) for any Privacy Policy change.
PRIVACY CONTACT
Please reach out to:
Mr Ankur Tuteja
Digivive Services Pvt Ltd
Plot No 45, 46, Udyog Vihar Phase 1, Dundahera Village, Sector 20, Gurugram, Haryana 122016
0124-4341200
customercare@digivive.com
In case of any queries pertaining to our Privacy Policy and Privacy Practices.
This policy was last updated on 10/04/2023.