Privacy Policy – Visu Entertainment
PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to Visu Entertainment privacy policy!. We are registered in Hyderabad,India. This terms and conditions make a legal agreement between a user & Visu entertainment. You agree that using our Services, you are agreeing to this terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy. In your use of our games, applications,services and websites, we may collect certain data as outlined below. By using the Services you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing, collection, use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms. Please do not use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTED
(A) PERSONAL INFORMATION
“Personal Information,” which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, photograph, precise geolocation information (i.e., your specific location), We can be collect personally identification information from Users in a distinctive ways, when ever Users enter into our site, fill out the form with details of users, and have to make possible connection with other activities, services, features or resources present in our App. We take after by and large acknowledged industry benchmarks and inner strategies to ensure the individual data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. (B)NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION We have to collect non-personal identification information data about Users at any point of time they may cooperate with our Applications and diversions. Non-personal identification information can be include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users we have to make connection to our Apps and games, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other related information. Visu has our Personal Information,it does not sell or rent to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior permission. Visu may share Personal Information that can be assist in providing you services with business partners.
(B)NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have to collect non-personal identification information data about Users at any point of time they may cooperate with our Applications and diversions. Non-personal identification information can be include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users we have to make connection to our Apps and games, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other related information.
Visu has our Personal Information,it does not sell or rent to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior permission. Visu may share Personal Information that can be assist in providing you services with business partners.
2. AD NETWORKS & CROSS PROMOTION ADS
Visu has to welcome the third parties ad networks for accepting advertisements (banners, interstitials and vedio ads etc,..).In our apps and games ,these advertisements authorized to be displayed.Advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect data, in case that user clicks on any of these advertisements. Our Apps and games include third parties SDKs and these SDK collect non-personal information and Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier through the user’s use of the Kids Apps. Both, non-personal information and Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier, may also be stored on the user’s device through generally accepted industry technologies used within Kids Apps and game (cookies, local storage).
Our Apps and games include third parties SDKs and these SDK collect non-personal information and Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier through the user’s use of the Kids Apps. Both, non-personal information and Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier, may also be stored on the user’s device through generally accepted industry technologies used within Kids Apps and game (cookies, local storage).
We promote our own games,apps and services in different types of ways. That might include cross promoting one of our games or app while you are playing a different game of ours. It might also include advertising our games within websites and other media published by others, or sending you marketing materials by email.
As well as advertisements for our own goods and services, we may also facilitate third parties to optimise their advertising of their own goods and services by helping them to target those ads to those that might be most interested in them.
Visu Entertainment displays ads to cross promote apps and games,developed by us. We do not gather or share any of your personal identification information to display our ads.
3. PUSH NOTIFICATIONS
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications and games for game or app updates, high scores,new graphics,updations and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
4.COOKIES
In connection with the foregoing collection of Personal Information and Non-Personal Information, we may also use cookies or similar technologies. Should you choose to submit Personal Information to us, we may link cookie information to such Personal Information. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, some of our services will not function properly if you do so and you may lose access to the services you purchased.
Use of the Personal Information That We Collect,We use cookies and similar technologies:
to allow us to recognize you and your device, for example by identifying your IP address;
to allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform;
to enable us and third parties to provide you with more customized services, for example to provide our services in the correct language or to enable the provision of more relevant advertising to you.
5.KIDS PRIVACY POLICY OF APPS & GAMES
This Kids Privacy Policy has to be specified to indicate you, with guidance regarding our privacy policies with respect to collecting, using and disclosing personal information ,regarding the legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 years old.
Many of our Games/Apps are intended for general audiences, and we do not knowingly gather or use any Personal Information from children and kids under the age of 13. When users are identified as under 13, we will block such users from providing Personal Information or make sure to get prior parental consent before collecting Personal Information.
If you are a parent of a child under 13 years of age and you think your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us at
visuentertainment@gmail.com
.
We offers mobile applications and games (Kids Apps), which are targeted to children under the age of 13 and also other apps are not targeted under the age of 13.
If you have additional questions about our Privacy Practices related to children under the age of 13, please contact us at
visuentertainment@gmail.com
6.MOBILE ANALYTICS
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our apps and games on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application
7.RESPONSIBILITY OF CONTENT SHARING
we have to be sent,uploaded,communicated,transmitted the Information, data, software, sound, photographs, graphics, video, tags, or other materials through our Services by you or another user (“Content”). we have to provide our services ,You understand and agree that all Content that you have to be sent using our Services, whether publicly posted or privately sent, is the sole responsibility of the person that sent the Content. This means that you, not us, are entirely responsible for all Content that you may upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available through our Services.
8.SAFEGUARDS
We have to provide appropriate safeguards that establish the security, integrity, and privacy of the personal information ,we have gathered and store details about our account holders, including children under age of 13. Visu is stored Personal information collected by us in secure operating environments that are not obtainable to the public and that are only accessible by authorized employees. We should also provide security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. we have to recognize by requesting that submitted information of their username and password when ever Before we allow web users to access their personal information.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us @
visuentertainment@gmail.com