ashappstech.com
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
ashappstech.com
ASH Apps
We create future in our apps.
Privacy Policies
ASHApps (“Services”, “ASH Apps”, "us," "we," or "our") collects information from our user in order to provide better services and a better user experience. Privacy of users is on top of all priorities to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect our user’s information.
You will have to agree to our privacy policies before installing and using our apps. If you do not agree, please do not install and use the apps.
Personal Data
Personal data means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address). We DO NOT collect and / or store Personal data.
Children's Privacy
:
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We DO NOT knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Camera:
We can access camera for take a photo of user in creating her/his photo frame and we DO NOT access his/her any personal photo or any personal videos.
Photos, Media, Files
:
We DO NOT access any personal pictures, videos or any files for personal use, User can Access his selected pictures only for making a photo frame, video. We DO NOT collect those photo, Video or any files.
BIND ACCESSIBILITY SERVICE Permission:
We uses Accessibility services (BIND_ACCESSIBILITY_SERVICE) in our apps in order to just get the notifications for other installed applications (Only those apps which have been configured and allowed inside the applications). We DO NOT use this permission for any other purpose.
READ_PHONE_STATE Permission:
Our apps uses this permission only for need the receiver notification from other installed apps.
Non Personal Data
Non-personal data means information that, by itself, does not personally identify you. We may collect Non-personal data such as your device model number, operating system version, country code and other properties for purposes of managing the apps and communicating with you. The information that will be collected will not be shared to any third parties and will be used only to make our services better.
Location Data
Some of the apps may request your Location data for a functional purpose. We may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed without your consent. We DO NOT provide your Location data for advertising networks and third parties. We DO NOT even keep your data.
Ads Serving Technologies
We may disclose Non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect Non-personal data through their own embedded technology. In order to deliver ads to you, the third-party advertising companies may place or recognize unique cookies, anonymous identifiers or similar technology for non-personally identifiable information. We use only Admob by Google for advertisement purpose. If you would like more information, please follow the link below:
AdMob - Google
Third Parties Terms:
Please note that your access to and use of the apps may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies. You recognize and agree that we are not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and any third party's use of your personal data. Here are links to the privacy policies of a few of the distributors we use Google.
Google
How do we protect Your Information?
We implement a variety of security measures in our apps to protect your information while using specific feature or hardware.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
We disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other legal processes as well as to establish/exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will share Personal data and Non-personal data in order to investigate, prevent or take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.
Changes to Privacy Policies
ASH Apps may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using information below:
ash.apps.tech@gmail.com
© 2015–2022 All Rights Reserved | ASH Apps
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse