Flash Alerts Privacy Policy – Flash Team
Skip to content
Flash Team
Menu
Flash Alerts Privacy Policy
February 13, 2017
February 13, 2017
flashalerts
Statement on Your Privacy Policy
Flash Team (“We”, “us”, “our”) attached great importance to protect your privacy. Before using apps provided by us, please read carefully the following statements.
In order to provide more accurate and well-targeted services, we may use personal information submitted by you in the manners mentioned below; nevertheless, we will treat such information with a high level duty of diligence. Without your permission, we will not disclose or provide such information to any third party.
Protecting Your Privacy
It is Flash Team’s principle to respect the privacy of the personal information of our users. We will take reasonable measures to protect user’s personal information, without disclosing or providing such information to any third party other than its Partners (without the consent of users), unless such disclosure is required by law, court or competent government departments or agreed to by the user.
For the operation and improvement of our technologies and services, we may collect and use the non-personal information of its users, or provide such information to third parties, in order to provide better user experience and improve the quality of our services.
Collection of Information
We may collect your personal information when you voluntarily opt to use our apps or provide us with your personal information. We may use your personal information to communicate with you, and may send certain mandatory service communications to you, such as notification, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from us and its affiliates. Your download, installation and use of the software shall be deemed to constitute consent to our use of your personal information. In addition, your download, installation and use of products/service from us and its affiliates, shall be deemed that you have expressly provided your consent to us for disclosure of personal information to our partners and/or affiliates “Partners” for purpose mentioned above.
Permission
– Permission android.permission.
CAMERA
to turn on Flashlight, not take a photo.
– Permission android.permission.
READ_PHONE_STATE
only listen state of phone to make app work properly.
– We never publicly disclose any personal or sensitive user data related to financial or payment activities or any government identification numbers, photos and contacts.
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Related
Published by
flashalerts
View all posts by flashalerts
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Flash Team
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
%d
bloggers like this: