Policy of TAPI Security – Site Title
Skip to content
Site Title
☰ Menu
Home
About
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Policy of TAPI Security
Posted on
June 6, 2017
by
tapisecurity
TAPI Security’s STATEMENT OF PRIVACY PROTECTION
TAPI Security attaches great importance to protecting your privacy. Before using the services or apps provided by TAPI Security, please read carefully the following statements.
In order to provide more accurate and well-targeted services, TAPI Security may use personal information submitted by you in the manners mentioned below; nevertheless, TAPI Security will treat such information with a high level duty of diligence. Without your permission, TAPI Security will not disclose such information or provide such information to any third party.
Protecting YOUR Privacy
It is TAPI Security’s principle to respect the privacy of the personal information of our users. TAPI Security will take reasonable measures to protect user’s personal information, without disclosing such information to any third party other than its Partners (without the consent of the user), unless such disclosure is (i) required by law, court order or competent government departments or (ii) agreed to by the user. Exceptions will be applied if the user selects to accept such disclosures during the registration process (where applicable), or is otherwise stipulated on the disclosure or use of a user’s personal information between the user and TAPI Security and its Partners. The user shall bear any risks that may arise from any authorized disclosure of a user’s personal information. For the operation and improvement of TAPI Security’s technologies and services, TAPI Security may collect and use the non-personal information of its users, or provide such information to third parties, in order to provide better user experience and improve the quality of our services.
Collection of Information
TAPI Security may collect your personal information when you voluntarily opt to use our services, apps or provide us with your personal information. We may use your personal information to communicate with you, and may send certain mandatory service communications to you, such as notification, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from TAPI Security and its affiliates. Your download, installation and use of the software shall be deemed to constitute consent to our use of your personal information.
In addition, your download, installation and use of products/service from TAPI Security and its affiliates, shall be deemed that you have expressly provided your consent to TAPI Security for disclosure of personal information to TAPI Security’s partners and/or affiliates “Partners”).
Advertisement
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Published by
tapisecurity
View all posts by tapisecurity
Post navigation
Previous Post
First blog post
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
Enter your comment here...
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
Email
(required)
(Address never made public)
Name
(required)
Website
You are commenting using your WordPress.com account.
(
Log Out
/
Change
)
You are commenting using your Facebook account.
(
Log Out
/
Change
)
Cancel
Connecting to %s
Notify me of new comments via email.
Notify me of new posts via email.
Δ
Search
Search for:
Text Widget
This is a text widget, which allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use them to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the
Customizer
.
Text Widget
This is a text widget, which allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use them to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the
Customizer
.
Search
Search for:
Archives
June 2017
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
Site Title
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Site Title
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this: