Global Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May, 2023
1Weather is an application (the “
Application
”) published
    by the InMobi
and/or its affiliates (collectively referred to as “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) that provides you with
    essential weather and in-depth forecast information, and features, such as
    checking temperature, precipitation, Doppler radar, sunrise - sunset times
    weather alert notifications and other related offerings. We respect your
    privacy, and we are committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy is
    designed to help you understand how we collect, use, process, and share
    your personal information and to help you understand and exercise your
    privacy rights. Please read this policy carefully to understand our
    practices regarding your personal data or personal information.
1. SCOPE
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
4. HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
5. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
6. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
7. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
8. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
9. SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
10. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
11. OTHER PROVISIONS
12. CONTACT US
1.
SCOPE
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by us when
    you install, download, subscribe to, access, use the features and/or
    interact with the content of the Application, and other online or offline
    related consumer offerings. To make this Privacy Policy easier to read, the
    1Weather Application, its updates, enhancements and/or features, and other
    related offerings are collectively called “
Services.
” Our
    affiliate Pinsight Media Inc. is the controller for the personal
    information we process, unless otherwise stated. For information on how to
    contact us, please refer to “
Contact Us
”
    below.
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you
    interact with us, our Services, and the requirements of applicable law. We
    collect information that you provide to us, information we obtain
    automatically when you use our Services, and information from other sources
    such as third-party services and organizations, as described below. Please
    note that you may interact with our customers, telecom partners,
    advertisers and media partners directly and their respective privacy
    policies govern their collection and use of your data.
A.
Information You Provide to Us Directly
We may collect the following personal information that you provide to us
    when you download, install, launch, and/or interact with the Application.
Account Creation
. We may collect information when you subscribe to 1Weather Premium and
        create an account.
Purchases
. Any payments made for and via our Services are processed by
        third-party payment processors. We do not directly collect or store any
        payment card information entered through our Services
,
.
which are collected by our third-party payment processors. We may
        receive transaction related information associated with your payment
        from our payment processors for the purposes of addressing questions
        you may have concerning transactions.
Your Communications with Us
. We may collect personal information, such as email address, when you
        request information about our Services request customer or technical
        support, or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to
        participate, you may be asked to provide certain information, which may
        include personal information.
·
Sweepstakes or Contests
. We may collect personal information you provide for any sweepstakes or
    contests that we offer. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly
    share information of sweepstakes and contest winners.
Business Development and Strategic Partnerships
. We may collect information from individuals and third parties to
        assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
B.
Information Collected Automatically
We may collect personal information automatically when you use our
    Services:
Automatic Data Collection
. We may collect certain information automatically when you use our
        Services, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, mobile carrier,
        mobile advertising, e.g., iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising
        (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV); Google Advertising ID
        (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices, other unique identifiers,
        device information, Internet service provider, language settings, time
        zone, and version of the Application you are using. We may also
        automatically collect information regarding your interaction with:1)
        the Application, such as pages that you visit before, during and after
        using our Services, the types of content you interact with, the
        frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about
        how you use our Services; 2) the ads presented on your device, such as
        content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g., games,
        finance, entertainment, news), ad type (e.g., whether the ad is a text,
        image, video or other format based), platform displaying the ad (e.g.,
        the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears), and other
        information about your interaction with the ads.
Location Information.
We may use your IP address to approximate your location in order to
        provide the current weather and weather forecast in your general area.
        With your consent, we may collect precise location information when you
        first register for the Application or when you enable location services
        within your device settings.
See “
Your Privacy Choices and Rights
” below to learn more.
Tracking Technologies.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or
        other functionality on our Services, may use Web Beacons, Pixels, SDKs,
application program interfaces, and other similar technologies (“
Technologies
”), to automatically collect information
        through your use of our Services.
Pixel Tags.
A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code that may be
        embedded in our Services by our Advertising Partners to collect
        information about engagement on our Services. The pixel tag records,
        for example, that a user has clicked on a particular advertisement. Our
        uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary
. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services,
        applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular website
        behavior, prevent fraudulent activity, improve security, or allow you
        to make use of our functionality;
Performance-Related
. We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services,
        including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how
        individuals use our Services (
see Analytics below
);
Functionality-Related
. We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced
        functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include
        identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of
        your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed;
Advertising- or Targeting-Related
. We may use first party or third-party Technologies to deliver
        content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or
        on third-party websites.
See “
Your Privacy Choices and Rights
” below to understand your choices regarding these Technologies.
·
Analytics
. We may use Technologies and other third-party tools to process analytics
    information on our Services. These technologies allow us to process usage
    data to better understand how our website and web-related Services are
    used, and to continually improve and personalize our Services.
C.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including without
    limitation advertising companies, advertisers, ad networks, device
    manufacturers or carriers or telecom partners issuing smart devices, other
    application developers, third-party services and organizations. For
    example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such
    as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site,
    we may collect information about you from that third-party application that
    you have made available via your privacy settings.
Referrals and Sharing Features.
Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities that allow you to
    provide information about your friends through our referral service; third
    parties may also use these services to upload information about you. Our
    referral services may also allow you to forward or share certain content
    with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use
our Services.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to
    provide our Services, for administrative purposes, and to market our
    products and Services, as described below.
A.
Provide Our Services
We use your information to fulfil our contract with you and provide you
    with our Services and perform our contract with you, such as:
Managing your information and accounts;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our
        Services;
Notifying you of any relevant available Application updates or
        upgrades;
Answering requests for customer or technical support;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services,
        and policy changes;
Processing your financial information and other payment methods for
        products or Services purchased; and
Allowing you to register for events.
B.
Administrative Purposes
We use your information in our legitimate interest, such as:
Pursuing our lawful business purposes such as direct marketing,
        research and development (including marketing research), network and
        information security, and fraud prevention;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive,
        fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for
        that activity;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads;
Improving, upgrading, or enhancing our Services;
Developing new products and Services;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities, such as requests to
        exercise your rights under this policy;
Debugging to identify and repair errors with our Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance
        activities;
Sharing information with third parties as needed to provide the
        Services;
Enforcing our agreements and policies; and
Other uses as required to comply with our legal obligations.
C.
Marketing and Advertising our Products and Services
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and
    advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by
    applicable law.
Some of the ways we market to you include email campaigns, custom audiences
    advertising, and “interest-based” or “personalized advertising,” including
    through cross-device tracking.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would
    like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing
purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
D.
With your Consent
We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly
    disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your
    consent.
E.
Other Purposes
We also use your information for other purposes as requested by you or as
    permitted by applicable law.
Automated Decision Making
.
We may engage in automated decision making,
        including profiling. Our processing of your personal information will
        not result in a decision based solely on automated processing that
        significantly affects you unless such a decision is necessary as part
        of a contract we have with you, we have your consent, or we are
        permitted by law to engage in such automated decision making. If you
        have questions about our automated decision making, you may contact us
        as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
·
De-identified and Aggregated Information
. We may use personal information and other information about you to create
de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified
demographic information, information about the
    device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. If
    we create or receive personal data that has been de-identified or
    aggregated, we will not attempt to reidentify it, except to comply with
    applicable law.
4. HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your information to the third parties (as set out below)
    for a variety of business purposes, as described above, in accordance with
    applicable privacy laws and regulatory requirements:
A.
Disclosures to Provide our Services
The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are
    described below.
Service Providers
. We may share your personal information with our third-party service
        providers who use that information to help us provide our Services.
        This includes service providers that provide us with IT support,
        hosting, payment processing, customer service, and related services.
Business Partners
. We may share your personal information with business partners to
        provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also
        share your personal information with business partners with whom we
        jointly offer products or services and for administrative purposes.
The Group
. We may share your personal information with the Group for purposes as
        described above in “
How We Use Your Information
”, such as targeted advertising and related data analytics.
“Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its
affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Advertising Partners
. We may share your personal information with advertising partners
        which may be the Group or third parties. These advertising partners may
        set Technologies and other tracking tools on our Services to collect
        information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP
        address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).
        These advertising partners may use this information (and similar
        information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering
        personalized advertisements to you when you visit digital properties
        within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as
        “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising”. If you have
questions or concerns about this, please contact us at
apps-dsr@inmobi.com
or as set
        forth in “
Contact Us
”
below.
APIs/SDKs
. We may use third-party Application Program Interfaces (“
APIs
”) and Software Development Kits (“
SDKs
”) as part of the functionality of our Services.
        For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us
as set forth in “
Contact Us
”
below.
B.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated
    with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is
    required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national
    security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena;
    protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our
    policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an
investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
C.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence,
    reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or
    transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or
    transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or
    contract.
5. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Your Privacy Choices
. The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are
    determined by applicable law and are described below.
·
Email Communications
. If you receive an unwanted email
    from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email
    to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to
    receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have
    requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications
    regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those
    communications (e.g., communications regarding our Services or updates to
    our Terms or this Privacy Policy).
·
Mobile Devices
. With your consent, we may send you push
    notifications through our mobile application. You may opt out from
    receiving these push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile
    device. With your consent, we may also collect precise location-based
    information via our mobile application. You may opt out of this collection
by changing the settings on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track
.
”
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy
        preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that
        we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms
        transmitted by web browsers.
·
Tracking Technologies and Interest-Based Advertising
.
You may opt-out of personalized advertisements by following the
        instructions on
Android
and
iOS
devices to
    limit ad tracking. Please note that limiting advertising tracking will not
    eliminate advertisements but may make them less relevant to you.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may
    opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising
    partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these
    and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy
    by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
,
the Digital Advertising Alliance
,
the European Digital Advertising Alliance
, and
the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
.
Please note you must separately opt out on each device.
Opt-out of all information collection.
You may stop all collection of information by the Application by
        uninstalling the Application.
Your Privacy Rights
. In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Access Personal Information
about you, including: (i) confirming whether we are processing your
        personal information; (ii) obtaining access to or a copy of your
        personal information in a structured, commonly used, and machine
        readable format; and (iii) receiving an electronic copy of personal
        information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that
        information to another company in a structured, commonly used, and
        machine readable format (the “right of data portability”);
Request Correction
of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete. In
        some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update
        your personal information;
Request Deletion, Anonymization or Blocking
of your personal information;
·
Request Restriction of or Object to
our
processing of your personal information, including where
    the processing of your personal information is based on our legitimate
    interest or for direct marketing purposes. In the event you have
    uninstalled the application and want us to stop using your personal
information, please send us an email at
apps-dsr@inmobi.com
with the
    subject line “Opt-out” and provide us description of your request, your
    google_adid/ google_aid/ google advertising id, along with optional:
    android_id, MEID, which can be found in your device settings; and
Withdraw your Consent
to our processing of your personal information. Please note that your
        withdrawal will only take effect for future processing. Some features
        of our Service may not be available.
Be informed about third parties
with which our application has shared your personal information
        collected by our application; and
Request the review of
decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing if these
        decisions could affect your data subject rights
.
Please note that we do not track users with cross-device identifiers
    therefore, every time you change your device, reset your device identifier
    or reinstall the Application, you must separately submit a new request for
    each device. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please
click here
or contact us as set forth in “
Contact Us
”
below. We will process such requests in accordance with
    applicable laws.
6. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in
    accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Unfortunately, no system is
    100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any
    information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by
    applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree
    that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security,
privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services.
7. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
All information processed by us, Advertising Partners, the Group or our
    Service Providers, may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in
    the world, including, but not limited to, the United States or other
    countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the
    laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent
    with the requirements of applicable laws.
8. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy
    Policy for as long as you use our Services, or as necessary to fulfill the
    purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve
    disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, identify you if you
    decide to re-install the Application or re-activate your account, pursue
    legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with
    applicable laws.
9. SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This Supplemental Notice for California Residents only applies to our
    processing of personal information that is subject to the California
    Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”). The CCPA provides
    California residents with the right to know what categories of personal
    information InMobi has collected about them, and whether InMobi disclosed
    that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service
    provider) in the preceding 12 months. California residents can find this
    information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected by InMobi
Category of Third Parties Information is Disclosed to
                        for a Business Purpose
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, online identifier, Internet Protocol
                    address, email address, account name, or other similar
                    identifiers.
Advertising networks including the Group
Service providers
Other Users (User content)
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a
                    consumer's interaction with an internet website,
                    application, or advertisement.
Advertising networks including the Group
Service providers
Geolocation data
Physical location or movements.
Service providers
Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
Service providers
Inferences drawn from other personal information to
                        create a profile about a consumer
Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences,
                    characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions,
                    behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and
                    aptitudes.
Service providers
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and
    our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set
forth in “
Personal Information We Collect
”
    and “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” above, respectively.
“Sales” of Personal Information under the CCPA
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their
    personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and
    includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third
    party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money).
We may “sell” personal information. The categories of personal information
    we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal
    information to in the preceding twelve months are listed below:
Category of Personal Information Sold by InMobi
Category of Third Parties Personal Information is Sold
                        to
Identifiers
A real name, alias, phone number online identifier,
                    Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or
                    other similar identifiers.
Advertising networks including the Group
·
Data analytics providers
·
Service providers
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a
                    consumer's interaction with , application, or
                    advertisement.
Service providers
Advertising networks including the Group
Geolocation data
Physical location.
Service providers
Advertising networks including the Group
Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
Service providers
Inferences drawn from other personal information to
                        create a profile about a consumer
Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences,
                    characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions,
                    behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and
                    aptitudes.
Service providers
Advertising networks including the Group
Our business and commercial purposes for “selling” personal information can
    be found in “
How We Use Your Information
” above.
    We do not have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of
    minors under 16 years of age.
Opt-out of “Sales.”
California residents may opt-out of the “sale” of their personal
    information by clicking on
Do not sell my data
or contacting us as set forth in “
Contact Us
”
    below.
Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents
Non-Discrimination
. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory
treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent
.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on
        your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your
        personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request
        on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please
        contact us as set forth in “
Contact Us
”
        below and provide written authorization signed by you and your
        designated agent.
Verification
. To protect your privacy, we will take the following steps to verify your
    identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will
    ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably
    verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or
    an authorized representative, which may include, but not limited to, asking
    you to answer questions regarding your account and use of our Services.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your
rights under the CCPA, please contact us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below. We will process such
    requests in accordance with applicable laws.
Refer-a-Friend and Similar Incentive Programs
. As described above in “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” (“Share Content with Friends or Colleagues”),
we may
    offer referral programs or other incentivized data collection programs. For
    example, we may offer incentives to you such as discounts or promotional
    items or credit in connection with these programs, wherein you provide your
    personal information in exchange for a reward, or share our link with your
    your friends or colleagues and receive rewards when they sign up to use our
    Services. (The referred party may also receive rewards for signing up via
    your referral.) These programs are entirely voluntary and allow us to grow
    our business and provide additional benefits to you. The value of your data
    to us depends on how you ultimately use our Services, whereas the value of
    the referred party’s data to us depends on whether the referred party
    ultimately becomes a User and uses our Services. Said value will be
    reflected in the incentive offered in connection with each program.
Accessibility
. This Privacy Policy uses industry-standard technologies and was developed
    in line with the World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility
    Guidelines, version 2.1. If you wish to print this policy, please do so
    from your web browser or by saving the page as a PDF.
California Shine the Light
. The California “Shine the Light” law permits users who are California
    residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list
    of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information
    (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as
    well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties.
10. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Services are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect
personal information from children.
If you
    are a parent or guardian and believe your child has uploaded personal
information to our site without your consent, you may contact us at
apps-dsr@inmobi.com
. If we become
    aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation
    of applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have
    collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the
    child’s account.
11. OTHER PROVISIONS
Third-Party Websites/Applications.
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other
    websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These
    third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to
    read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they
    interact. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible
    for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or
    applications. Providing personal information to third-party websites or
    applications is at your own risk.
Supervisory Authority
.
If you are located in the European Economic Area,
    Switzerland, the United Kingdom, Brazil, and Ecuador, you have the right to
    lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our
    processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole
    discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we
    will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree
    that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you
    continue to use our Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.
12. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy
    Policy or your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us
    at:
apps-dsr@inmobi.com
.