BILT Privacy Statement | BILT Intelligent Instructions®
Skip to content
Main Menu
Solutions
Menu Toggle
Brands & Retailers
Professionals & Technicians
Government
Resources
Menu Toggle
Case Studies
Blog
Integrations
Client Login
Get the app
Get the app
BILT Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 28, 2023
This Privacy Statement covers your use of the BILT mobile application (the “App”), related cloud backend service (the “Cloud”), or the website
https://biltapp.com/
(the “Website”) (collectively the “Service”). BILT Incorporated (“BILT” or “we”) understand that your privacy and privacy choices are important. Please read this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) and Terms of Use in their entirety before using the Service.
Our Practices
This Statement sets forth our practices with respect to information, including personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”) that is collected and processed during the use of the Service.
Consent
By providing BILT your Personal Data, you expressly acknowledge and accept this Policy, and such consent grants us the faculty to treat your Personal Data as set forth herein and in accordance with the laws, regulations and other applicable legislation within the Territories applicable to your use.
Consent to Our Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our
Terms and Conditions
establishing your consent to the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of the App and this Website.
Information We Collect
We currently collect the following types of Personal Data:
When you register for the Service:
– your name
– your email address
– if you register through a social media service such as Facebook, the additional data which you permit the social media service to send to us
– other data which you may add to your BILT account, such as purchase information
When you complete a voluntary product registration or other activity within the Service:
– your name
– your email address
– information about the product you are registering (such as serial number, model number and date of purchase)
– information about product warranties or purchase receipts, including copies or images of warranties or receipts.
Other data that you specifically provide to us, such as images or copies of receipts or warranties or by contacting Customer Support
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data, your Personal Data and all data related to the Service will be stored at BILT’s data centers within the United States. By using the Service, you consent to the transfer to and storage of your Personal Data within the United States. BILT uses Amazon Web Services to deliver the Service and for the storage of Personal Data.
Aggregate Data
We also collect various information about how our Service is used (such as which models were downloaded or how many times an assembly step was replayed), and store that information in connection with a pseudonymous identifier. We may aggregate this data with similar data from other users in order to help us identify trends and improve the Service. We may also share such aggregate data, without connection to your Personal Data, either publicly or with our partners, affiliates or licensees outside of BILT. BILT will retain Personal Data for as long as needed to provide the Services to you and our customers. BILT will also retain personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
How We Use the Information
We use the Personal Data and Aggregate Data collected:
To provide services you request, such as sending product registration information to product providers, keeping a record of your product registrations or tracking warranty information;
To provide you updates on BILT, updates, upgrades, patches, enhancements, and to receive and provide feedback;
To analyze usage and trends, and generally to improve our Services; and
To provide additional information on services and product offerings to yo
To provide your information to manufacturers who may wish to contact you to provide responses to your feedback or for marketing manufacturers’ purposes;
To keep you up to date on the latest product announcements on product files you have downloaded, product updates, special offers, and other information;
To conduct questionnaires and surveys in order to provide better products and services to our customers and end users.
Your completion of any questionnaire or survey is completely voluntary and we will offer an “Opt-out” choice to users for any surveys or questionnaires. As set forth in BILT’s Terms of Use, you agree to receive messages and notifications related to the above uses for which messages and notifications are relevant. Further, if you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by email or other messaging means, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM THE EU and Switzerland
BILT adheres to the privacy principles described in this Policy with respect to the Personal Data we collect from EU and Swiss data subjects, which includes data used to establish user accounts, process assembly file delivery, process product registrations and otherwise provide the Services.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
For the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using Personal Data will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific purpose for which we collected or requested it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where:
we have your consent to do so;
we need the personal information to provide a service or to perform a contract or agreement with you; or
where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect or use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “Changes and Contact” heading below.
International Transfers
Your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our website servers are located in the United States and our third-party service providers and affiliates operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in any of these countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you are located in the European Economic Area, where we transfer your personal information to other countries, we rely on:
European Commission adequacy decisions, which acknowledge that the non-EEA countries listed here have national laws that protect personal information to a substantially similar standard required by European Union law;
the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, which require non-EEA recipients of personal information to continue to protect the personal information they receive to the standard required by European Union law; or
other lawful data transfer mechanisms or derogations from data transfer restrictions.
Further details can be provided upon request. Please see contact information below.
Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also may correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States, should direct their query to
privacy@biltcorp.com
. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to
privacy@biltcorp.com
.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
BILT remains responsible and liable under if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless BILT proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
BILT commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States. European Union and Swiss individuals with Personal Data inquiries or complaints should contact BILT by email at
privacy@biltcorp.com
or via post at:
BILT INC.
ATTN: Ahmed Qureshi
1000 Nolen Drive #400
Grapevine, TX 76051
How We Share Information
BILT will not sell or rent your Personal Data to any third party without your consent.
Product Registration
This Service allows product providers to collect product registration information from you. If you fill out a product registration form via the Service, the Service will share or send the Personal Data information you provide to the provider of the product that you are attempting to register. Once this information is shared or sent to the product provider, such Personal Data information will be handled in accordance with the product provider’s privacy policy practices. In territories where applicable, BILT has entered into data processing agreements with the product providers to insure they protect your information in accordance with appropriate security standards. Ultimately, you determine the information you chose to share with the product providers. We recommend you familiarize yourself with the privacy practices of the product providers in advance of submitting or sharing any Personal Data during a product registration. Filling out product registrations is entirely voluntary.
We may transfer your Personal Data to third parties in the following situations:
When you have given us consent to do so;
To our subsidiaries, affiliated legal entities and service providers around the world based on necessary data processing agreements, who may only use the data to provide the Service or related information and updates to you;
In response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your data and other related information, if necessary or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; or
In order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
Information for EU and UK Data Subjects Related to Data Collected through our Service
BILT is considered a controller or processor. BILT uses sub-processors. BILT has entered into appropriate Data Processing Addendums or Agreements with our sub-processors controlling protection of your personal data. We may transfer Personal Data to third party processor companies (i.e. cloud data and server services) that help us provide our service. Such third party processors are located in, and the transfers are limited to, the United States or countries in the European Union and these processors are controlled by data processing agreements providing the same protections of your personal data. BILT uses Amazon Web Services to deliver the Service and for the storage of Personal Data.
For such onward transfers to third parties, BILT shall remain liable in the event our sub-processors process Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with this Policy, unless the sub-processor proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to any liability or damage.
Security Measures
We use a variety of security measures, including firewalls, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, encryption and authentication tools, to help protect your information. We protect your Personal Data with the same or better security measures than we protect our company data.
Cookies and Automated Tools
Website: Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information. This information is used to track your use of our Website and to compile statistical reports on Website activity. You can elect to accept or to not accept cookies by our Website cookie prompt; or you can set your browser to not accept cookies. However, in a few cases some of our Website features may not function as a result. We use your IP address obtained through cookies to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Website. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. Our Website may use cookies to determine the browser you use. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Website; however, you may not be able to access all areas or features.
Cookies in use on the BILT Website include the following:
Cookie Name
Provider
Purpose
Category
Expires
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
OneTrust
This cookie is set by websites using certain versions of the cookie law compliance solution from OneTrust. It is set after visitors have seen a cookie information notice and in some cases only when they actively close the notice down. It enables the website not to show the message more than once to a user. The cookie has a one year lifespan and contains no personal information.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
365 Days
OptanonConsent
OneTrust
This cookie is set by the cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It stores information about the categories of cookies the site uses and whether visitors have given or withdrawn consent for the use of each category. This enables site owners to prevent cookies in each category from being set in the users browser, when consent is not given. The cookie has a normal lifespan of one year, so that returning visitors to the site will have their preferences remembered. It contains no information that can identify the site visitor.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
365 Days
pardot
Pardot
This cookie is by Pardot, a marketing automation platform which provides lead generation services to businesses, including contact form functionality.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3649 Days
lpv734473
Pardot
This cookie is by Pardot, a marketing automation platform which provides lead generation services to businesses, including contact form functionality.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3649 Days
_ga_3GBS45MLBS
Google
This cookie is by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
Performance Cookies
729 Days
_ga
Google
This cookie is by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site’s analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors.
Performance Cookies
729 Days
_tt_enable_cookie
TikTok
This cookie is by TikTok to collect data about behavior on our website and to measure the effect of our advertising. This tracking is used to evaluate and measure how different campaigns and marketing strategies perform on TikTok.
Performance Cookies
389 Days
ln_or
LinkedIn
This cookie is by LinkedIn to collect data about behavior on our website and to measure the effect of our advertising. This tracking is used to evaluate and measure how different campaigns and marketing strategies perform on LinkedIn.
Targeting Cookies
3649 Days
visitor_id#####
Pardot
This cookie is by Pardot and appends a unique identifier for a website visitor, used for tracking purposes.
Targeting Cookies
3649 Days
_ttp
TikTok
This cookie is by TikTok to collect data about behavior on our website and to measure the effect of our advertising. This tracking is used to evaluate and measure how different campaigns and marketing strategies perform on TikTok.
Targeting Cookies
389 Days
ti_
Triblio
This cookie is by Triblio, a marketing automation platform which provides lead generation services to businesses.
Targeting Cookies
711 Days
YSC
YouTube
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
Targeting Cookies
SESSION
DEVICE_INFO
YouTube
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
Targeting Cookies
179 Days
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YouTube
This cookie is used as a unique identifier to track viewing of videos.
Targeting Cookies
179 Days
CONSENT
YouTube
YouTube is a Google owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites.
Targeting Cookies
729 Days
App: The App does not contain cookies, and therefore, does not contain functionality to accept or not to accept cookies.
Opt Out Preferences
When you register for an account, we may use your name and email address to send periodic emails to you related to updates, promotional materials and transactional materials on behalf of BILT or on behalf of the third-party supplier of the products for which you downloaded Instructions. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at
privacy@biltcorp.com
.
Links to Other Sites
While using the Services, you may be exposed to content or functionality that is hosted by a third-party supplier. If you click on or access such third party content or functionality, the privacy policy and terms of use for such third party content or functionality will control as such other sites have their own privacy policies and personal data collection, use, and disclosure practices. We strongly advise you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies provided by these other sites prior to providing them with any information. BILT is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites outside the BILT Group of companies.
Privacy Practices of Third Parties
While using the Service, you may be directed to content or functionality that is hosted by a third party – not BILT, its affiliates or its or their service provider. This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information by BILT through your interaction with the Service. Other websites or web applications that may be accessible through links from the Service may have their own privacy policies and personal data collection, use, and disclosure practices. We strongly advise you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies provided by these other web applications prior to providing them with any information.
Children’s Privacy
This Service is not intended for, and we do not knowingly collect, Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through the Services without their permission.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy to clarify our practices or to reflect new or different privacy practices, such as when we add new features to the Service. BILT reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this Policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
In addition to the above, the following additional privacy aspects apply:
BILT Incorporated’s use of Personal Data is fully intended to be in compliance with the obligations as set forth in the various laws of the countries the App is deployed including:
United States, Canada, Mexico, countries within the European Union, United Kingdom, Australia, and New Zealand
(collectively the “Territories”). In accordance with the various Privacy Laws of the Territories which are applicable to you, you are provided the Personal Rights as detailed below.
PERSONAL RIGHTS FOR EU/EEA DATA SUBJECTS UNDER the GDPR
You are, as data-owner and user of the Service, entitled to (i) access your Personal Data and be informed about the way in which your information is treated, (ii) rectify your personal data in case it is not up-to-date, it is inaccurate or incomplete, (iii) ask for your data to be removed if you consider that it is not used in accordance with the applicable principles, duties and obligations, and (iv) object to the processing of your Personal Data for specific purposes. These rights are known as “Personal Rights”.
HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR PERSONAL RIGHTS UNDER THE GDPR
If you decide to exercise your Personal Rights, your request should be emailed to
privacy@biltcorp.com
, together with the following information and documentation:
Your ID information and, if applicable, the information of your legal representative. For legal representative, please attach a copy of his/her power-of-attorney.
A clear and precise description of the Personal Data about which the Personal Rights are to be exercised, as well as the right or rights that are to be exercised.
An address where you desire to hear and receive BILT’s response and any future communications and/or notifications, or, in its case, your desire to receive our response and/or future notifications or responses via email, by providing us with your email address.
If you prefer to correspond via email, you must expressly state your desire to receive BILT’s response through an email communication, specifying the corresponding email address.
BILT will issue a response within a timely manner following receipt of your request, which will be informed to you using your selected method. Once you receive our response you will have a 20 business day period to respond to our communication. In the event you need to speak with us or in the event you disagree with our response please contact us at
privacy@biltcorp.com
along with a phone number for us to reach you, in order for BILT to discuss with you any issue. In case you do not reply to our response within the before mentioned period we will understand in good faith that you agree with our conclusion.
If your request refers to your right to access data, BILT will provide you with copies of the information and/or scanned documents.
BILT, as controller, may refuse the exercise of your Personal Rights in instances permitted by the laws and regulations of the Territories which are applicable to your use, and shall inform you about such decision. The refusal may be partial, in which case BILT will carry out the access, rectification, cancellation, deletion, or objection in the corresponding part.
REVOCATION OF YOUR CONSENT TO THE TREATMENT OF PERSONAL DATA
You, as data-owner, can revoke your consent to the treatment of your personal data in accordance with the procedure set forth above “How to Exercise your Personal Rights”, in the understanding that once we receive your request to revoke your consent we will issue our response within a five-day period.
OPTIONS TO LIMIT THE USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You, as data-owner, can limit the use and disclosure of your personal data in accordance with the procedure set forth above “How to Exercise your Personal Rights”, in the understanding that once we receive your request to revoke your consent we will issue our response within a five-day period.
GDPR COMPLAINTS
You may also have the right to make a GDPR complaint to the relevant Supervisory Authority. A list of National Data Protection Authorities is available here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
. If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable law. In some cases our ability to uphold these rights for you may depend upon our obligations to process personal information for security, safety, fraud prevention reasons, compliance with regulatory or legal requirements, or because processing is necessary to deliver the services you have requested. Where this is the case, we will inform you of specific details in response to your request.
Last Updated: February 28, 2023
Official 3D interactive instructions from the world’s leading brands
Facebook-f
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Instagram
Solutions
Brands & Retailers
Professionals & Technicians
Government
Resources
Get the BILT App
Case Studies
Integrations
Blog
Client Log In
Support
Instructions on BILT
Suggest an Improvement
Suggest a Product
Frequently Asked Questions
About
Our Story
Press Articles
Events
Contact BILT
Careers
© 2015-2023 BILT Incorporated. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Talk to Us