Privacy Policy | Journey.Cloud
Privacy Policy
Updated: 27 May 2021
This Privacy Policy is for the Journey software product family (“Journey”), journal by Two App Studio Pte. Ltd.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of Information in relation to this policy. The Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Journey unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information when you register for an account, make a purchase, communicate with us via social media sites, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The information you may provide includes your name, email, feedback, and other information about you included within your messages to us.
The Information collected will neither be shared nor used to track you.
Information About Your Use of the Services
When you use our Services, we collect the following Information about you:
Log Information:
Whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and Information on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Transactional Information:
When you make a purchase or return, we collect Information about the transaction, such as product description, price, subscription or free trial expiration date, and time and date of the transaction.
Cookies:
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect Information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We also obtain Information about you from other sources, including transaction Information from third-party app stores you use to install our app or purchase a subscription. If you create or log into your account through a social media service account, we will have access to certain information from that account, such as your name and other account information, in accordance with the authorization procedures set by that social media service.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Services
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Use of Information
We use the Information we collect to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services, including debugging to identify and repair errors, and develop new products and service;
Process transactions and fulfill orders;
Send you transactional or relationship messages, such as receipts, account notifications, customer service responses, and other administrative messages;
Communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by Journey and others, request feedback, and send news, gifts or other Information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Journey and others, including to enforce our agreements and policies. If you feel your transaction was declined in error, please contact us for assistance at help.journey.cloud;
Comply with the law, such as by processing transactional records for tax filings and other compliance activities;
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
help@2appstudio.com
.
Journey
Help Desk
Forum
Journal
Curate
Plugins
Blog
Company Website
Privacy Policy
Compare
Journey vs Day One
Journey vs Daylio
Journey vs Five Minute Journal
Journey vs Gratitude Journal
Journey vs Jour
Journey vs Journal It
Journey vs Penzu
Journals
Bible Journal
Dream Journal
Journal Entries
Five Year Journal
Gratitude Journal
How to Start and Write a Journal
Journaling Benefits
Pregnancy Journal
Journal Prompts
Reflective Journal
Sleep Insomnia Journey
Travel Journal
Journal Types
What is a Journal?
Diary
Digital Diary Guide
What are Diary Entries?
Food Diary
How to Start and Write a Diary
Diary Software
Diary Templates
Diary Types
What is Diary?
Work Diary
Morning Pages
© 2023 — Journey,
Two App Studio Pte. Ltd.
Journey is a registed trademark® & trademark™ of Two App Studio Pte. Ltd.