Privacy Policy – Senior Games Club
Skip to content
Senior Games Club
Get All the Best Games
Menu
Welcome to Senior Games Club
Contact US
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Welcome to our Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us.
Senior Games Club, LLC is located at:
Senior Games Club, LLC
109 E 17th ST STE 63 Cheyenne
82001 – WYOMING (WY) , United States
It is Senior Games Club, LLC’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to
seniorgamesclub.com
(hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “seniorgamesclub.com”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Senior Games Club, LLC collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Senior Games Club, LLC’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Senior Games Club, LLC’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Senior Games Club, LLC may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Senior Games Club, LLC also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://seniorgamesclub.com blog posts. Senior Games Club, LLC only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Senior Games Club, LLC’s websites choose to interact with Senior Games Club, LLC in ways that require Senior Games Club, LLC to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Senior Games Club, LLC gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://seniorgamesclub.com to provide a username and email address.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Senior Games Club, LLC and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Senior Games Club, LLC may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Senior Games Club, LLC may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Senior Games Club, LLC does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Senior Games Club, LLC uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Senior Games Club, LLC uses cookies to help Senior Games Club, LLC identify and track visitors, their usage of https://seniorgamesclub.com, and their website access preferences. Senior Games Club, LLC visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Senior Games Club, LLC’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Senior Games Club, LLC’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Senior Games Club, LLC’s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Senior Games Club, LLC may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Senior Games Club, LLC’s sole discretion. Senior Games Club, LLC encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Data Collection and Information
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance, and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products, or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers, and general information about other goods, services, and events that we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or another sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and evaluating and improving our Service, products, services, marketing, and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services, or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures, and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You, and view Your profile.
With Your Consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
LAW ENFORCEMENT
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
OTHER LEGAL REQUIREMENTS
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Requests to Delete/Remove Personal Information
To request the deletion of your personal information, contact us at
seniorgamesclub@gmail.com
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via
email
or
phone
.
© 2023 Senior Games Club
• Built with
GeneratePress