Privacy Policy | Timetable
Toggle navigation
Timetable
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Effective on 2018-05-24
About us
Timetable (thereafter "Timetable", "app") is provided by Gabriel Ittner (thereafter "we", "our", "us").
If you have any questions, concerns or want to make use of your rights please contact
privacy@timetableapp.net
.
Data collection
Timetable collects usage data and crash information based on legitimate interests in the sense of
Art. 6 lit. f. GDPR
to further improve and maintain the app. You can opt-out of the data collection at any time by going in the apps privacy settings.
Fabric Crashlytics and Fabric Answers are services provided by Google LLC. The data is transferred, processed and stored to the United States of America or other countries in which Google operates and falls under
Google's Privacy Policy
. Google LLC is certified under both the
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks
.
Fabric Answers
Helps us to prioritize what we develop next and to identify where the app needs improvements.
Collected personal data
a unique installation id
We have disabled any IP address tracking done by Answers.
Other collected data
device info (e.g. model, Android version)
visited screens inside Timetable
used Timetable features
error information
Answers retains identifier data for 180 days.
Fabric Crashlytics
Let's us know that the app crashed and helps to pinpoint the cause.
Collected personal data
a unique installation id
crash traces
Other collected data
device info (e.g. model, Android version)
Crash traces and their associated identifiers are kept for 90 days.
Your rights
You have the following rights in regards to your personal data.
request access to it
request rectification of it
request deletion of it
restrict or object to the processing of it
withdraw your consent to the processing of it
to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding the processing of it
You also have a right to the portability of your personal data.
Personal data means any information relating to you. Where you can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
Changes to this privacy policy
This privacy policy may change over time as we add new features to Timetable. All changes to this policy will be posted on this site. We will also notify you about major changes directly through our app.
Follow Timetable
Twitter
Medium
Created by
Gabriel Ittner
.
Impressum
.
Privacy policy
.
Website based on
SeriesGuide
by
Uwe Trottmann
.
Android, Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.