Spectrolizer mobile application - Privacy Policy | Spectrolizer
Skip to main content
Skip to search
Search form
Search
Spectrolizer
AICore Software Ltd. Make the Sound Visible!
Spectrolizer
toggle
Main menu
Home
Spectrolizer
FAQs
Screenshots
You are here
Home
»
Spectrolizer mobile application - Privacy Policy
by Dr. Radut
Home
Spectrolizer
FAQs
Screenshots
Feedback
Spectrolizer mobile application - Privacy Policy
Effective date: September 30, 2018
AICore Software Ltd ("us", "we", or "our") operates the website and the Spectrolizer mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our App and Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for AICore Software Ltd is managed through Free Privacy Policy.
We use your data to provide and improve the App and Service. By using the App and Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We do not collect personal user data such as, names, age, contact information, physical location and etc.
All audio data captured by the user's device’s microphone is used for visualization purposes only.
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our App and Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Anonymous Usage Data
We may collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
AICore Software Ltd uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
AICore Software Ltd may disclose your Anonymous Usage Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of AICore Software Ltd
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Usage Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Usage Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone, including Children. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
spectrolizer@aicore-software.com
By visiting this page on our website:
http://spectrolizer.aicore-software.com
.