Privacy Policy
Too long; didn't read
This short section is meant as a summary of the below legal text in plain english. However, it is not a replacement for reading the full policy below.
DNSChanger does not collect any personal data in the closer sense (your name, e-mail, Android ID, ...). It however collects crash logs and sends them to the developer (me, Daniel Wolf). By default those crash logs contain only the cause of the crash and no device data at all. You can however opt-in to a more exhaustive crash reporting which also reports some basic device data, like your Android version, device model, language and an ID assigned to your device (which is randomly generated on every install, but only sent after opt-in). Either way, this crash reports are send via an encrypted connection and processed using a self-hosted service (Sentry). No third-party ever has access to any of this data.
Because of the nature of this crash reporting I cannot trace back crash logs to any specific user (even after opt-in). As such, if you want me to delete your data I may not be able to, unless you provide me with the randomly generated crash ID - which you can find in the about screen in the app. If you did not opt-in to the full crash reporting (or specifically disabled it) there is no data assigned to crash reports at all and thus I can never delete those.
DNSChanger contains the Google Play services which are already part of your device and collect a lot of data for Google. I hold no control over this service and this data would already be collected without DNSChanger using it.
DNSChanger is specifically Open source so that people knowledable in Android programming can check on all these promises.
Privacy Policy
Daniel Wolf built the DNSChanger app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by
    Daniel Wolf at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure
    of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
    relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving
    the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
    in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain
    personally identifiable information, including but not limited to a random generated ID for tracking crashes, dns
    queries with request time. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me
    in any way, unless you (the user) opt into sending it, for example by enabling the automatic reporting of crashes.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of
    an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone
    called Log Data.
By default this log data contains no sensitive or individual-related data and only transmits the app version, the version of your operating system and the crash message.
If consent for extended error reports has been given this log data may include information such as your randomly generated crash tracking id, device
    information, operating system information and the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service,
    the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. Consent is not required to use this service and can be withdrawn at any time, in which event new error reports will contain only the default data.
Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is never collected. Collected data is stored on a secure server ("self-hosted") and not shared with any third party.
A detailed and technical overview of collected data can be found within this service.
Collected data can not be used to track any of your actions (with the exception of future errors you might encounter), neither inside, nor outside of this service.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
    These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal
    memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and
    libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to
    either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose
    to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to
    your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However,
    they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving
    to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee
    its absolute security. Where possible this app tries to ensure your privacy by using protocols like the Hypertext
    Transfer Protocol Secure ("https").
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
    to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly
    advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over
    and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
    or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect
    personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child
    under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from
    our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
    information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
    this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting
    the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
    this page.
Your rights
As an user of this service you have the right to privacy. These rights include the right to know what
    data is being stored about you, to request the deletion of data related to you, among others. This service was build
    in
    respect of your privacy and only collects data absolutely necessary. Additionally collected data is, where possible,
    encoded in a way that it can't be used to track your actions (except for the usages mentioned above). The random ID
    used
    for crash reports for example can only be used to track which crash reports you sent in the past and not to track
    your
    actions, like your dns queries or which actions you take in the user interface of the app.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
    me at daniel.wolf@frostnerd.com.
This privacy policy page was created at
privacypolicytemplate.net
and modified/generated by
App
        Privacy Policy Generator