Privacy Policy of GnaCAD
Privacy Policy of
GnaCAD
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Policy summary
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third party accounts
Google Drive account access
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Advertising
AdMob
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
Displaying content from external platforms
Google Fonts
Personal Data: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Firebase
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Contact information
Data owner
GnaCAD
Owner contact email:
gnacad.app@gmail.com
Full policy
Data Controller and Owner
GnaCAD
Owner contact email:
gnacad.app@gmail.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
                Usage Data and Cookies.
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of
                this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with 
                the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.
Any
                use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by
                the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless 
                stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their 
                preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by 
                the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties 
                obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that 
                they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner 
                and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized 
                access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the 
                Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT 
                enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly 
                related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, 
                in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in
                charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales,
                marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as 
                third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting 
                providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if 
                necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these 
                parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices 
                and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing 
                are located. For further information, please contact the Data 
                Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service 
                requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this 
                document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller 
                suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to 
                provide its services, as well as for the following purposes:
                Displaying content from external platforms, Access to third 
                party accounts, Hosting and backend infrastructure and Advertising.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third party accounts
This type of service allows this Application to 
                        access Data from your account on a third party service and perform 
                        actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
Google Drive account access (Google Inc.)
This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on Google Drive, provided by Google, Inc.
Personal Data collected:
                        various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US
                        –
Privacy Policy
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be 
                        utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of
                        banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on
                        User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or 
                        they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads 
                        tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected 
                        outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy
                        policies of the relevant services.
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.
Personal Data collected:
                        Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US
                        –
Privacy Policy
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content 
                        hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application
                        and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages 
                        where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Google Fonts (Google Inc.)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service 
                        provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate 
                        content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected:
                        Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US
                        –
Privacy Policy
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting 
                        data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as
                        well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features
                        or parts of this Application.
                        Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, 
                        making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal 
                        Data are stored.
Firebase (Firebase, Inc.)
Firebase is a hosting and backend service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected:
                        various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US
                        –
Privacy Policy
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data 
                Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action 
                arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The
                User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to 
                reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, 
                this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual 
                information concerning particular services or the collection and 
                processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any 
                third party services may collect files that record interaction with this
                Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data 
                (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal 
                Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see 
                the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal 
                Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about 
                their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them 
                to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their 
                transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in 
                violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and 
                all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller 
                at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To 
                determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do 
                Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this 
                privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. 
                It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the 
                date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to
                any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this 
                Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal
                Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies 
                to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an 
                    institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even 
                    indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal 
                    identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Application (or 
                    third party services employed in this Application), which can include: 
                    the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users 
                    who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource 
                    Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the 
                    request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the 
                    numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful 
                    outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the 
                    browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time 
                    details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the 
                    Application) and the details about the path followed within the 
                    Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and
                    other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT
                    environment.
User
The individual using this Application, which must coincide with
                    or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any 
                    other body, association or organization authorized by the Data 
                    Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy 
                    policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any 
                    other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly 
                    with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, 
                    and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, 
                    including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this
                    Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the 
                    Owner of this Application.
This Application
The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored in the User's device.
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been 
                    prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive
                    n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as 
                    revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.
Latest update: March 03, 2017