Q4U Mobile Apps : Privacy Policy ~ We build utility apps for Android.
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms & Condition
EULA
Contact
Privacy Policy
home
Privacy Policy
Automatic Call Recorder ACR
Net Blocker: Net Guard
AR Measure - Tape Ruler
Remote control for all TV
Call Blocker & Caller ID
Your Privacy is important to us. This Privacy statements states how and why we use those personal data which we collects from you. This Privacy policy is a part to our terms of service and applies to the information that is collected during the connection with the installation and use of the application, related service and our site. For any question or regards about this Privacy Policy please contact us at
q4umobile@gmail.com
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
For your service only we collects your personal information as per we need. Only for provide and the improvement the App services we are committed to collecting the necessary information.
USER DATA ACCESS POLICY FOR THE SOFTWARE UPDATE APP
In order to identify apps that require updates, the software update feature retrieves the package names of all the apps on the user's device and stores them on our servers. We use only encrypted and secure methods for storing this data. These data are not shared with any third parties under any circumstances. Because of changing Google Policies, we will prompt our users to accept this inside the app and The software update feature will only be available to them once they accept.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
PRIVATE INFORMATION
We never collected the actual Personal Information. A personal information is those information that identifies you or any another person, such as the information which states about your First Name, Last Name, Physical Addresses, Telephone, Fax, SSN, and other information stored within your device.
HOW TO CONTACT US
For any sort of your question or comments related about this policy or our privacy practices, please contact us as by
q4umobile@gmail.com
.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Please review this policy periodically as we will post any privacy policy changes on this page. For any modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances we will surely provide you additional forms of notice mentioning that. You can immediately stop all the services as you do not agree to any modifications to this policy.
LIMITED LIABILITY
You accept that Q4U Mobile Apps do not have any sort of liability what so ever for anything that may arise from the use of our apps.
SUPPORT FOR FREE VERSION
We always try to fix the Application issue but as some of the our apps depends on phone hardware So we might We might not be able to solve the issue is related to phone Hardware OR if you upgrade to a new Android Phone OR You Change your phone to different one,In this case you change your device your old phone application will be not be able to transfer old Phone Data/Settings to your new Phone automatically you can try with share feature of the app manually.
AUTO CALL RECORD
Auto Call Recorder app will not be able to record your Wi-FI,VOIP,SIP OR any internet calls.
All You call recordings are saved in your device(No Cloud Backup Feature) So in Case you Change your Phone OR You Formatted/Delete Application Created Folder App will not be able to recover your old call recordings.
Some phones do not support call recording properly. This is due to capabilities of different chipset/CPU or Android version each brand/model have.
USER DATA ACCESS
User Data Policy for the Software Update Feature
To identify apps with pending updates, the software update feature fetches the package names of all apps on the users device and puts them on our servers. This data is completely encrypted and secure. We do not share this data with any third-party in no shape or form. Due to changing Google Policies, we will prompt our users to accept this inside the app. They will be able to use the software update feature only after they accept.
THIRD PARTY SUPPLIERS :
With our apps, we aim to deliver reliable & quality services to you. For this purpose, we use third-party sub-suppliers, with whom we share data. One of these partners is Appvestor; please follow the link to read Appvestor's Privacy Policy.
https://legal.appvestor.com/privacy-policy//
ACCESSIBILITY SERVICES
Our applications like Clean & Boost, App Lock uses accessibility services to improve junk clean feature in some devices.
EULA Agreement
Once you install our apps, you are bound by the terms & guidelines set by the End-User License Agreement (EULA). As a responsible user, you must read & agree to the terms set by EULA. Any violation will result in a legal suit against you by Q4U Mobile Apps.
Please read about our EULA Agreement here
https://www.q4umobileapps.com/eula.php
Read about  Appvestor's End User Licence Agreement here -
https://legal.calldorado.com/usage-and-privacy-terms/
Copyright © All rights reserved