Privacy Policy
Home
Support
Blog
Jobs
Home
Support
Blog
Jobs
Privacy Policy
We at StepsApp respect your privacy. We are glad to tell you more about which data is accessed, how it is used, and which services we use to enhance your StepsApp experience.
iOS
Android
Web
1.0 Data Controller and Owner
StepsApp GmbH
Karmeliterplatz 4c
8010 Graz
Austria
info@steps.app
2.0 How we visualize your activity data
StepsApp analyzes your iPhone’s built-in pedometer data to generate our visual graphs and to calculate your daily burned calories. In no case is your personal data ever transferred to a third party. It is exclusively stored on your device within the application container of StepsApp.
If you choose to have StepsApp integrate with Apple Health, the app will have access only to the health data types you opt-in to access as described in Sections 2.1 of this Privacy Policy. The data read from Apple Health is used solely for visualizing your data within the app. It is not collected or disclosed outside of your local installation of the app. If you opt-in, StepsApp can also write your active energy, height, and weight to Apple Health.
2.1 Apple HealthKit
HealthKit is an activity data handling service provided by Apple Inc. that enables you to access or store activity data.
Apple Health Privacy
2.2 Challenges
If you opt in to participate in one of our challenges, you agree that your anonymous activity data is securely uploaded to our servers. Note that you can opt out of this at any point by disagreeing with the respective terms of service in the app's settings. Further you can always contact us if you want all of your anonymous data to be removed from our servers completely. We do not share any data with any third party or partners.
3.0 How we try to make StepsApp even better
We use analytics services as described in Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3 of this Privacy Policy that help us understand how StepsApp is being used. The processing of your personal data takes place in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). We do not share any personal or Apple Health Kit data.
Usage Information
We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (such as frequency, duration of usage, app crashes, features you've been using, advertising that you click on).
Device information
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, app version, app name, type of user (pro/free), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address).
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength.
3.1 Google Analytics
Google Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
Google Analytics Privacy
3.2 Email & Support
The only situation we may get access to your personal identifiable information (PII) is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report. The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address and the contents of your response only. In above situation, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
3.3 Ads
StepsApp displays ads within our app. These ads are served by third-party ad networks (AppLovin, Google, MoPub, PubNative). StepsApp Pro members are not shown any ads. You can enable and disable personalized ads within our app at any time.
4.0 Cookies and other similar data collection technologies
As described in Sections 3.0 of this Privacy Policy, we sometimes work with third parties to deliver ads or offers. Sometimes we or these third parties do so through a mobile "SDK." The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable data to be collected and ads to be shown. We may use this and similar technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on data associated with your mobile device, and we may work with third parties who likewise embed their SDKs into our services, for third party advertising. If you'd like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions below.
If you wish to opt out of interest-based cross-application tracking through your mobile device, you can do so through your device "settings", as follows (but please note that the below is for informational purposes only and Apple, Google, or other device platforms may change the manner in which their "opt out" settings work at any time): Please note that if you opt out through these settings, you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests. For instance, that advertising may be based on your real-time or "contextual" application usage or general location inferred from IP address.
4.1 Opting out
Interest-based, cross-application tracking is disabled by default on all devices running iOS 14.5 or newer. If you are running an older version of iOS, you can always disabled it in the iOS preferences under “Privacy“. If you have StepsApp version 6.0 or newer, you can also opt out of interest-based, cross-app advertising directly from the "Privacy Policy" section in the StepsApp settings.
More information on our use of cookies on our websites can be found in our
Cookie Policy
.
5.0 Social Media
We maintain a presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Google, WordPress, LinkedIn, TikTok and Twitter. We may incorporate some third-party social networking features into our Services (including, allowing users to interact with others and share certain content and information on social media platforms) or utilize third-party provided platforms to publish or manage the Services or portions thereof. Through these platforms and features, we receive or may share information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies to that information as well. In addition, some providers of third-party social media or blogging platforms we utilize have their own privacy policies which explain how the third parties that provide them may collect, use and protect your information (e.g., if you establish an account with such platform providers directly). By using social features, you agree to those third parties’ privacy policies and terms of use.
If you choose to communicate with us or another user through social features available on our websites or mobile applications or through our social media pages, or other similar communication or messaging features or services, such information may be made publicly available. For security purposes, please do not include any password, social security number, payment card or other sensitive information via these features. We have the right, but not the obligation to monitor messages and communications between and among users for security and training purposes. We may, but are not obligated to, remove any content we deem inappropriate.
TikTok
For some of our products, we compare limited user data with TikTok users who click on our ads on in that platform. We do this in order to measure how successful our app install campaigns are on that platform. In those circumstances we will be a joint controller with TikTok. Further information on how TikTok processes personal data, including the legal basis TikTok relies on and the ways to exercise your data subject rights with TikTok, can be found in TikTok's
privacy policy
.
6.0 Children's Privacy
Our services are intended for general audiences over the age of 13 years old (or over the age of 16 if you are resident in the EEA). We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 years old, or 16 years old in the EEA. If you are not over 13 years old (or 16 years old in the EEA) then DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE SERVICES.
7.0 Last Updated
This Privacy Policy was last modified on May 2, 2022.
If you have any questions regarding privacy, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
info@steps.app
Support
Blog
Jobs
StepsApp Pedometer App — Step Counter and Walking Tracker
20+ Million users already enjoy StepsApp.
StepsApp turns your iPhone into a simple and beautiful step counter.
Just put your phone in your pocket and off you go. Set goals. Count steps. Burn calories.
© 2015-
2023
StepsApp GmbH
Imprint
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Press Kit