Fiesta's Privacy Policy
English
English
United Kingdom
United States
Deutsch
Français
Español
España
México
Argentina
Colombia
Italiano
Português
Brasil
Portugal
Русский
中文
简体
繁體
Bahasa Indonesia
Bosanski
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Galego
Hrvatski
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk bokmål
Polski
Română
Shqip
Slovenski
Slovenský
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tagalog
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български
Українська
עברית
العربية
हिंदी
ไทย
日本語
한국어
Fiesta
Join Fiesta
or
Sign in
Help Centre
Popular questions
About Fiesta
Profile
Profile Verification
Encounters
People Nearby and Search
Messages
Fiesta Premium
Credits
Google Payment
Photos and videos
Settings and Privacy
Safety on Fiesta
Fiesta Mobile
Community Guidelines
Guide to Online Safety
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy applies to the Fiesta Services (as defined below) as provided by TangoMe, Inc. dba Tango (“Tango", “us", “we", or “our”) and is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Use, which can be found at
https://heyfiesta.com/terms/
.
In this Privacy Policy, we refer to the Fiesta mobile apps and desktop applications, our website at
https://heyfiesta.com/
, and the other apps, products and services that are affiliated with Fiesta, individually and collectively as the “Fiesta Services” or the “Service.”
Please read on to learn more about our data handling practices. Your use of the Service signifies that you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Service.
Information We Collect
When you install the Service on your device and register with the Service, personal data about you may be collected. This collection may occur at different times, and for different purposes as explained below.
Download and Registration
When you download an application that is part of the Service you are requested to register with us. For registration, you are only required to provide your mobile phone number or your email address, depending on the device(s) you are using on the Service. You may also provide other personal data, but that is optional. When you log in using your Facebook account, we collect additional information you make available to us (see “Your User Profile”) below.
Address Book
If you are not already a user of the Service, when you first install an application that is part of the Service on your device, you are invited to register with the Service and as part of this initial registration, you will be asked to allow us access to your address book. If you consent, we will have access to contact information in your address book on the devices you use for the Service (names, numbers, emails, and Facebook ID, but not notes or other personal data) and we will store it on our servers and use it to improve the Service and help you use the Service. If you do not want us to store this information, you may opt-out at any time through your account settings in the Fiesta mobile app, or in your device’s privacy settings, in which case we will delete that information from our servers. However, in this case, we may not be able to offer some of the features that require this information. See also “How We Use the Information We Collect" below.
Location Information
We may request access to your current location – provided by your mobile device using GPS or similar technologies – so that we can provide content that is more suitable to your location. You are free to accept or block access to your location information. You can switch off access to your location at any time through your account settings or your device settings menu.
Profile Information
We collect and store certain profile information including your name, phone number, email address, picture, country of residence and preferences.
Usage Information
We may collect and store information about your usage of, and interaction with, the Service, including calls, messages, posts, usage of the Service by geographies, device and connection information (such as MAC address), IP address, device capability, bandwidth, web browser software, referring website, statistics on page views, network type and traffic to and from our websites.
Advertisements
When we serve an advertisement to your device, we collect information about your interaction with this advertisement to help us evaluate the performance of the advertisement that we show, such as whether you clicked on it, or installed the advertised product. The third parties that serve these advertisements may also collect other information about your interaction with an advertisement. This collection and the subsequent use of this information by these third parties is subject to these third parties' privacy policies over which we have no control.
Shared Text, Photos, Videos and Other Communications
The Service allows you to share text messages, photos, videos and other communications with other users, and if you choose to share your text messages, photos, videos and other communications, such items will be stored on our servers in accordance with our data retention policies.
In addition, if you choose to share these items with other Service users, we may not be able to remove them from our servers or make them unavailable to anyone you have shared them with. Sending text messages, photos, videos or other communications through the Service is your decision. By choosing to share that information, you should understand that you may no longer be able to control how that information is used and that it may become publicly available (depending in part on your actions or the actions of others with whom you have shared the information). We are not responsible for any use or misuse of information you share.
Device and Log Information
If you use our Service, we collect information about your device and browser. This may include device information (type of device, operating system version, unique device identifier, browser type and version, mobile network information) or log information (IP address, MAC address, screen resolution, and referring domain).
Error Reporting Information
We also collect error-reporting information if the Service crashes or hangs up so that we can investigate the error and improve the stability of the Service for future releases. In general these reports do not contain personal data, or only incidentally. As part of these error reports, we receive information about the type and version of your device and browser, the device identifier, the time the error occurred, the feature being used and the state of the application when the error occurred. We do not use this information for any purpose other than investigating and remedying the error.
How We Use Information
In addition to using your information to provide you with the Services that you request, we use or may disclose your personal data as follows:
To verify your identity;
To connect you with your Fiesta contacts and others as enabled by the Service;
To share your Profile with your Fiesta contacts and others on the Service in accordance with your account settings;
To allow your use of certain features of the Service that may be offered from time to time (such as Premium Services (see our
Terms of Use
), greeting cards, animations, etc.) and to help customize your user experience;
To show you the names and profiles of the Fiesta contacts with whom you communicate and to show your name and profile to persons with whom you communicate on the Service;
To manage your account, deliver to you any administrative notices, updates, notifications, alerts and communications relevant to your use of the Service;
To provide you with relevant content that you requested, using information that you allow us to collect from you or that you provide to a social media provider with which your Fiesta account is connected, such as information regarding your and your Fiesta contacts' respective locations;
To understand (i) how you use the different features of the Service, (ii) what your preferences are - for example, what type of music you like to attach to your pictures or what type of products you like to view or purchase, and (iii) how to make suggestions and recommendations of things (for example, music and products) you may be interested in;
To keep your list of Fiesta contacts up to date – for example, when new users join the Service;
To solicit information from you, including through surveys;
To contact you via email or otherwise for the purpose of informing you about new products, services or promotions offered by us or our service providers (you can opt-out of such emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link);
For internal operations, including troubleshooting problems, data analysis, testing, research, improvements to the Service, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other illegal activity;
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities.
With Whom We Share Your Information
Service Providers
In certain instances, we may have contracts with third parties to provide products and/or services in connection with the Service. In those cases, we may share your personal data with these third-party service providers, or authorize them to collect information on our behalf, but only in connection with providing products and/or services to you or us. For example, these third party service providers include:
Third party SMS and email providers who deliver the authentication SMS or email to you when you register with the Service and with whom we share your phone number or email.
Third party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, such as hosting, business analytics, customer service, collecting or processing credit and debit card information and payments, marketing, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs, and fraud prevention.
Third party vendors who provide outbound calling services for Fiesta users and with whom we share your call detail records if you use that service (such as your phone number, the destination you are calling and information related to the initiation and termination of such calls).
Business Partners
We have relationships with other companies, where we serve as the publisher or distributor of the applications, products, or services developed by those third parties. In this case, both we and that third party may have access to certain information about your use of that third party’s application, product, or service. In this case, the information that we collect is subject to this Privacy Policy and the information that the third party collects is subject to that third party’s privacy policy.
In particular, the Services are powered by our business partner Badoo Trading Limited (“Badoo”), which provides the technological platform for the Services. Badoo processes your personal data in accordance with its privacy policy, which is available at
https://badoo.com/privacy/
. We encourage you to review Badoo’s privacy policy and contact Badoo if you have any questions about Badoo’s collection, use, or sharing of your personal data.
Outbound Links
If you choose to access optional services, such as a website, product or service provided by a third party, including through the Service, such third party may also collect information about you. Please see the privacy policies of each such third party for more information about how they use the information they collect. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any exchange of information between you and any third party.
These third parties include business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services may be offered on our Service. You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service that you have requested because their name will appear, either alone or with ours.
Legal Process
We also may share your information with third parties:
In response to facially valid subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal process when we have a good faith belief that the law, any legal process, law enforcement, national security or issue of public importance requires disclosure;
To resolve disputes, trouble shoot problems, protect and defend our rights or property (including to enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements) or the safety of the Service, or that of our customers or others;
To establish or exercise our legal rights, or as otherwise required by law;
In connection with a corporate transaction involving us or the Service, such as the purchase or sale of a business unit, an acquisition, merger, sale of assets, corporate reorganization, liquidation, or other similar event.
Aggregate and Anonymous Information
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of users our app receives. This information does not contain any personal data, and is used to develop content and services that we hope you will find of interest.
Other
Other than as stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not share our users' personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If in the future, we plan to share personal data with any third party for its direct advertising purposes other than as stated in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified in accordance with applicable law.
Display of Tailored Advertising
We allow third parties with whom we have a separate agreement to use certain technologies to collect information about the placement, views and clicks of their advertisements, so that they can better serve interest-based advertisements to our users and visitors. These third parties include (1) business partners, who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on the Service; (2) attribution partners who help us measure effectiveness of certain advertisements; and (3) advertising networks, which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of their advertisements. The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your interests or preferences so that they can display advertisements on the Service and on other sites across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests.
We do not share with these third parties any information that would readily identify you (such as email address) for purposes of such advertising; however, these third parties may have access to information about your device (such as MAC address). We do not have access to, or control over, the technologies that these third parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Do Not Track Policy
California law requires that operators of websites and online services disclose how they respond to a Do Not Track signal and whether other third parties may collect personal data about an individual's online activities from their site or service.
Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” features. Most of these features, when turned on, send a signal or preference to the website or online service that a user visits, indicating that the user does not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret Do Not Track signals, the Service does not currently respond to Do Not Track signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat Do Not Track signals.
However, if you do want your use of the Service not to be tracked so that we cannot send you targeted advertisements, please contact us at
privacy@tango.me
.
The business partners and advertising networks that serve interest-based advertisements on the Services have limited access to a small amount of information about your profile and your device, which is necessary to serve you advertisement that are tailored to your apparent interests, and it is possible that they may reuse this small amount of information on other sites or services.
Your User Profile
The information you enter into your user profile (your “Profile”) may be shared with your Fiesta contacts. You control your Profile and you can access and modify your Profile from the Fiesta mobile app at any time. In addition, if you register with the Service using your Facebook account (e.g. Facebook Connect), we may store your Facebook ID and corresponding token on our servers and, if you give us your express consent, we will have access to and may collect certain information that you make available on Facebook (for example, your first and last names, email address, profile picture, your friend lists and birthdays).
Your Profile is available to other users of the Service who are connected to you on the Service. In addition, unless you opt out (which you may do at any time in the Fiesta mobile app), your Profile is discoverable by other Fiesta users, including by way of example in listings of contacts that will include your proximity to other users (however, we will not share your precise location with any users). You may also “block out" any Fiesta user in your contact list from discovering your Profile at any time.
In addition, we may pre-populate your Profile with certain information such as your name and Facebook profile picture if you or your Fiesta contacts have logged onto the Service using Facebook.
Data Access and Removal
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to obtain confirmation that we hold personal data about you, request access to and receive information about the personal data we maintain about you, receive copies of the personal data we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal data, object to the processing of your personal data, and have outdated or inaccurate personal data blocked or deleted, as appropriate. The right to access personal data may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. To exercise these rights, please contact us as at
privacy@tango.me
.
In addition, you can always control what information you choose to share with us on the Service. To do so, you can change your settings in the Service or in your mobile device. Alternatively, you can remove the Service from your mobile device entirely.
If you remove your personal data, object to the processing, request to have your personal data blocked or deleted, your data will no longer be available to your Fiesta contacts. If you ask us to delete your account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers, however certain information may be retained in our back-up or archival systems. Please note that, after your account is closed, we may retain certain information associated with your account, including for analytical purposes as well as for record keeping integrity.
Any personal data and any content that (i) you share in text messages, photos, videos or otherwise in or through the Service with other users, or (ii) submit on a blog, bulletin board or chat room on our website or elsewhere, can be viewed and used by others, including to send you unsolicited messages or to commit identity theft. We are not responsible for any use or misuse of your information that might result from your disclosure of information.
To the extent provided by applicable law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us. We will apply your preferences going forward. You will not be able to take advantage of the functionalities for which you provided your consent after withdrawing such consent.
Opt-Out – Promotional Communications
We allow you to choose not to receive promotional email messages from the Service or our service providers. You may opt out by following instructions in the message sent by us or our service providers on how to unsubscribe from that particular mailing. You may also opt-out by contacting us at
privacy@tango.me
.
Security
Protecting user privacy and personal data is a top priority for us. We make substantial efforts to ensure the privacy and security of all personal data you provide to us. Access to all personal data is restricted to those individuals who need to know that information in order to provide, operate, develop, maintain, support or improve the Service. We use password protection, access logs, and system monitoring to safeguard the confidentiality and security of all member information.
However, due to the inherent nature of the Internet and related technology, we do not guarantee the protection of information under our control or in transit against loss, misuse, or alteration.
Data Transfer
Your personal data may be stored and processed in another country than the country in which you provided the information.  Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the data.  In this regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data as described in this Privacy Policy, we may transfer your personal data to the United States where we maintain facilities. By using the Service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.  If you are located in the EEA, we have taken measures to comply with EEA data transfer restrictions such as implementing a legal mechanism to lawfully exchange your personal data between the EEA and the United States.
Age
The Service is not directed to children under the age of eighteen (18) and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of eighteen as part of the Service. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal data from a user under the age of eighteen as part of the Service, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personal data from children under the age of eighteen as part of the Service.
Notification of Changes
We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this Privacy Policy. You may review updates to our Privacy Policy at any time via links on our website. You agree to accept electronic communications and/or postings of a revised Privacy Policy on the Fiesta website and/or app, and you agree that such electronic communications or postings constitute notice to you of the Privacy Policy.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by publishing a revised Privacy Policy or by means of a notice on our website, or as required by law. You agree to review the Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. You agree that your continued use of the Service after we publish a revised Privacy Policy or provide a notice on our website constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of the Privacy Policy, you should not use the Service.
Contact Information
Tango is the entity responsible for the processing of personal data described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about the Fiesta app or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@tango.me
.
605 Fairchild Drive
Mountain View, CA 94043
Any personal data provided in connection with inquiries related to this Privacy Policy will be used solely for the purpose of responding to the inquiry and consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you have questions about the Badoo platform, you may contact Badoo directly, by using their contact form:
Feedback
.  If you contact Badoo directly, it may keep a record of that contact and will handle your information in accordance with its
Privacy Policy
.
Date
This privacy policy was posted on 28 November 2016.
Download our free apps:
iPhone app
Android app
Terms
Privacy
Safety centre
Help
Help Centre
Community Guidelines
Safety Tips
Modern Slavery Act statement
2023
©
Bumble