Fast Scanner Privacy Policy
This privacy policy of the latest version of Fast Scanner for Android devices that was created by CoolMobileSolution.
1. The free version (with in-app purchase):
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coolmobilesolution.fastscannerfree
2. The paid version:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.coolmobilesolution
Your scanned documents
Your scanned documents are saved locally on your devices. 
Users are able to set up auto upload to cloud storage (Google Drive, Dropbox or OneDrive) 
so that their data won't lost and they can access them anywhere. 
The upload process will run automatically when Fast Scanner app is in background. 
Fast Scanner requires App Folder permission only for cloud storage services. 
It means Fast Scanner only accesses (read, write and delete) files created by Fast Scanner app, 
our app can't access other user's data on their cloud service.
Text Recognization: we are using a cloud OCR service (Google Cloud Vision) to extract text from your image. 
	We will ask your permission to send your image to the OCR server. 
	Your image is only stored in memory, retained for no longer than necessary to extract text in real-time, 
	and not used for any other purpose.
Login to Fast Scanner using Google account
This is applied for the free version (with in-app purchase) only. The paid version doesn't have sign-in option.
Fast Scanner suggests users login to our system using Google account. 
User can use that account for all devices. Example: if account is upgraded to PRO, 
user can use that account to login to Fast Scanner on iOS. 
User will be charged only one time and use it forever with all his devices (both Android and iOS).
The validation Google account process will be done by Google server, 
Fast Scanner will receive the result from Google server. 
On our server, each user has a record contains the basic information: email id (example: fastscanner@gmail.com), 
account type (free or pro).
Access and Security
All communications between our applications, our servers are encrypted.
We are using external services below to operate Fast Scanner:
1. Google Firebase:
authentication users, analytics, error reporting
2. Google Cloud Platform:
OCR (Text Recognize)
3. Google Admob:
display ads
App permissions
To operate, Fast Scanner requires the following permissions:
1. Storage:
save your scanned documents to phone storage.
2. Camera:
using phone's camera to scan document.
Your rights
The app uses Google Firebase SDK for analytics.
    For example, to see how many users are using a particular feature,
    to monitor app health, to diagnose and fix bugs or crashes,
    or to make future performance improvements.
    You are able to request data deletion for the data related for the firebase installation id.
    All your scanned documents are still available on your device.
From version 4.5.0 (paid version) or 4.6.0 (free version), 
	you are able to go to
Settings > Data Deletion Request
to request data deletion for the data related for the firebase installation id.
    All your scanned documents are still available on your device.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy any time. Please check frequency to the latest update.
Contact us
If you have any question about Fast Scanner privacy. 
Please contact us at fastscanner@coolmobilesolution.com