PRIVACY POLICY – Herdoza Studio
Skip to content
Menu
Menu
WHO WE ARE
OUR APPS
LIE DETECTOR-TRUTH POLYGRAPH
GHOST DETECTOR RADAR CAMERA
GUN SIMULATOR: GUN SOUND SHOT
BOMB EXPLOSION-BROKEN SCREEN
HAIR CLIPPER – SHAVER – PRANK
AIR HORN, FART PRANK SOUND SFX
CONTACT WITH US
PRIVACY POLICY
At Herdoza Studio, our main goal is have fun each other safeguarding your private or sensitive information. Herdoza Studio has created this privacy statement in order to inform you about our practices relating to our website, video games and applications (collectively, the “Services”) . By accessing and/or using our website/video games/applications you accept this Privacy Policy and signify your understanding, acceptance of and agreement with the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our website/video games/applications. When you access and/or use our website/video games/applications we may collect some information from you. We want to be clear exactly what sort of information we collect, how we use this information and when, if at all, we disclose information about you to others. Please check back often because this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. These changes are important because all of the information we collect from you will be handled according to the Privacy Policy in effect when the information is collected. If we make any major changes to the Privacy Policy, we will indicate so on our website. Your continued use of our website/video games/applications following posting the updated version will be deemed your acceptance and agreement with those changes. In case you are having any question, please do not hesitate to contact with us through the contact area of this website.
Information We Collect
We may collect personally identifiable information from you when you visit or register on our website/video games/applications , and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our games. We may collect certain non-personal technical information about your mobile device, such as IP number, browser information, OS version, identifiers associated with the device, precise location, connections, Wifi, network type and other. We may collect and share with third parties the information received via our website/video games/applications . We may use cookies and other technologies, such as mobile device identifiers, mobile analytics software, Google Analytics, Google Analytics Advertising Features, Weplan SDK, Anyip SDK, APIs, SDKs, to enhance your experience with our video games/applications, improve the quality of our Services, for market, civic or other research regarding aggregated human foot and traffic patterns, to generate proprietary pseudonymized identifiers tied to the information collected for the above purposes, tailor recommendations to your interests and making the Services easier to use. Google Analytics Advertising Features may include without limitation the following features: Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data for advertising purposes, including the collection of data via advertising cookies and identifiers. Cookies and other similar technologies store small amount of data on your device when you access and/or use our Services. This enables us to recognize your device, settings between your visits/sessions within the framework of our Services.
How Your Information Is Used
We may collect and use any information about you for the following purposes: to uniquely identify you as a user in our services, to personalize your experience, to process transactions, to provide you with services, to improve customer service, deliver targeted promotional offers, newsletters, updates, new features, security alerts, administrative messages to you based on your activity and location data, provide user and other support, carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent. We may use the geo-location data to surface the appropriate country/language-based version of our Services to you.
Third Party Content & Sharing
Not all content within our Services is owned by us. Our Services may have links to other websites, applications, online stores or advertisements which may be controlled by other companies (for example, links to Google Play, third party social networks, Weplan, Outlogic, Anyip, etc.). These third parties may use cookies and/or web beacons to identify your preferences or to recognize if you have previously had contact them. For example, advertising companies may track your Internet browsing habits so they can tailor their advertising specifically you. Because we do not control these companies or their content, we cannot vouch for their information collection practices. We encourage you to review those third-party privacy statements to understand the way your information may be collected and used by such third parties. If you have any concerns about these companies or their content, please direct them to the administrator or webmaster for the company in question. Due to servers used in our Services are managed by external personnel that do not belong to Herdoza Studio, the information provided through our Services are not managed directly by Herdoza Studio. Privacity Policy of this third party can be found in the following links: https://gamemakerserver.com/en/tos/; https://x10hosting.com/legal/privacy-policy; https://www.weplananalytics.com/es/sdk_disclaimer/privacy-policy; https://anyip-sdk.com/legal/privacy-policy. The acceptance of these private policies are understood and accepted by you when using our Services.
Legal Issues
Although we will always strive to safeguard your private information, there may be circumstances where we are forced to disclose this information without your permission. We will only do if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with laws, regulations, or government requests or (2) to investigate or protect against harmful activities to you or other users. It is important for you to know that the information you submit through our Services may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which we maintain our web hosting servers. As a result, how this information is collected or used is governed the by the laws of those countries.
Choices available to you
We may contact you as part of legal proceeding or if there has been a violation of an agreement to which you are a party. We will not contact you to market a new or existing service if you have asked us not to. You can control what information you choose to share with us on the Services. To do so you should review the settings on your device. For example, you can change your settings in your mobile device as follows:
• To reject the collection of location information on iOS mobile devices, disable the location services feature on the settings of your device;
• To reject the collection of location information on Android devices disable Bluetooth and Location;
If you do not want Google Analytics to collect and use information about your use of the Services, then put in contact with us. You may change your choices by reinstalling our video games/applications.
Information relating to children
Our Services are not directed to children under 18 years of age. While we realize that our Services may be enjoyed by people of all ages, children under 18 should not use our Services without parental supervision. We do realize, however, that despite our efforts, children under the age of 18 may access our Services, and, we may, inadvertently, collect personal information about them. Should this occur, we encourage parents or legal guardians to contact us through the contact area in our website. We will make sure to delete and stop collecting the child’s information.
Security
We strive to protect all of your information that we collect. Our data networks are protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Also, only authorized individuals have access to your information. However, because no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us.
Privacy related inquiries and compliants
If you believe that there was an instance of non-compliance with this Privacy Policy with regard to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write or contact us through the contact area of this website. In your message, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly.
© 2024 Herdoza Studio
• Built with
GeneratePress
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok