Privacy Policy - Photo Editor
PHOTO EDITOR
dev.macgyver
Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 27, 2023
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to
MG soft Inc.
(“
dev.macgyver
”, “
company
”, “
we
”, “
our
”, “
us
”)
MG soft Inc. provides this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information in connection with our website
https://www.iudesk.com
and our mobile application
Photo Editor
(together or individually “
Service
”) and other activities described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the practices of companies we own, control, or are united with under common control.
We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in
our Terms of Service.
Our Terms of Service (“
Terms
”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“
Agreements
”).
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect several information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
We use the services provided by the third parties below. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of these third parties.
Google LLC. (App & Website)
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Vercel Inc. (Website)
Vercel Privacy Policy
(We do not use Vercel Analytics)
Details of the third party services we are using:
AdMob - Photo Editor
We use AdMob to display ads in the app.
AdMob uses
Advertising ID
to serve personalized ads depending on user settings.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Personalized and non-personalized ads
Data collected and shared automatically
Control the ads you see
Google Analytics for Firebase - Photo Editor
We use Google Analytics for Firebase to monitor how the app works and check usage statistics.
Google Analytics uses the data to provide analytics and attribution information. The precise information collected can vary by the device and environment. For more information see
Data collection
.
Data collected automatically
WE DO NOT COLLECT
Advertising ID
and
SSAID
. (
Settings in AndroidManifest.xml
, since v6.9 and v6.8 respectively)
WE DO NOT USE this data for remarketing and advertising purposes.
Retention
: User and event data retention periods are set to 2 months.
Opt-out: Photo Editor > Settings > Privacy & Terms > Opt-out
Firebase Crashlytics - Photo Editor
We use Firebase Crashlytics to monitor problems that cause the app to crash.
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help Firebase customers debug crashes. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Data collected automatically
Retention: Firebase Crashlytics retains crash stack traces, extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including Crashlytics Installation UUIDs) for 90 days.
Opt-out: Photo Editor > Settings > Privacy & Terms > Opt-out
Firebase Remote Config - Photo Editor
We use Firebase Remote Config to dynamically set properties within the app.
Remote Config uses Firebase installation IDs to select configuration values to return to end-user devices.
Data collected automatically
Retention: Firebase retains Firebase installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the ID.
Firebase Cloud Messaging - Photo Editor
(no longer used since v7.5)
Vercel - Website
We use Vercel to provide this website.
Vercel Privacy Policy
(We do not use Vercel Analytics)
AdSense - Website
We use AdSense to display ads in the website.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Personalized and non-personalized ads
Data collected: Cookies
Control the ads you see
Within the EU, we serve non-personalized ads only.
Google Analytics - Website
We use Google Analytics to monitor usage statistics.
Google's policy for safeguarding your data
Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data
All advertising features have been DISABLED.
WE DO NOT USE this data for remarketing and advertising purposes.
Retention
: User and event data retention periods are set to 2 months.
Information you provide:
If you contact us for customer support (via Report Bug or Contact), we may obtain and maintain any information you choose to provide, including your name, contact info such as your email address, as well as information about your mobile device or personal computer such as its device type, OS type, and logs.
We will use this information to address and investigate the issues you have raised, to provide you support, and to improve our customer support service.
RETENTION OF DATA
We will retain your data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
TRANSFER OF DATA
Your information may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States, please note that we transfer the data to United States and process it there.
If you are located inside the European Union, European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, please note that we transfer the data to outside of European Union, European Economic Area and or United Kingdom and process it there.
We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other information.
DISCLOSURE OF DATA
We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:
Disclosure for Law Enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.
Business Transaction.
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your data may be transferred.
Other cases. We may disclose your information also:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
with your consent in any other cases;
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.
SECURITY OF DATA
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
DATA DELETION REQUEST
Find this information in the
Data Deletion Request
documentation.
PAYMENTS
We may provide paid products and/or services within Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy.
The payment processors we work with are:
Google Play's billing system
Google Privacy Policy
Understanding Google Play’s Payments policy
Google Payments Privacy Notice
Amazon Appstore Payments
(no longer accept new payments since v3.5)
Amazon Appstore policy for privacy and security
Amazon Appstore Payments
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 (“
Child
” or “
Children
”).
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from Children. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a Child without verification of parental consent where this is required, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a Child, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised.
Any changes to the Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on this site (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting).
Your use of our Service after those changes become effective means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to review our Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to
contact us
.
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Service
|
Contact
Copyright © 2011-2023
MG soft Inc. (dev.macgyver)
All Rights Reserved.