Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Gluak Srl built the Futbol24 app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Gluak Srl at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and
                    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation
                    to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the
                    Service. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
                    in this Privacy Policy.
Our apps work without registration, anyway personal data is still processed.
The Gluak apps provide the following basic functions:
Favourite team and competitions
Provision of results of football matches in the apps and via push notifications
In order to use the basic functions, the apps generate a number which is specific to the device when opened for the first time. This number cannot be assigned to a specific person. In addition, in order to technically display the named content, the operating system used (for example, Android or iOS), the hostname of the accessing device (IP address) and the time of the server request are processed.
Due to the way the Internet functions, the brief saving of the IP address is technically necessary. On the basis of the IP address, a location search will be carried out. For reasons connected to data protection, this only takes place on the geographical level of the country from where the access is taking place. By means of this, it is not possible to trace the concrete location or place of residence of a user.
The data in technical protocols (so-called log files) are evaluated by us in anonymised form in order to continually improve our apps and make them more user friendly, as well as in order to find and correct errors more quickly.
The data processing is necessary so that you can find out about the content of our apps.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain
                    personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Android Advertising Id, iOs Advertising Identifier. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Fabric
Crashlytics
Matomo
Log Data
we want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an
                    error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone
                    called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
                    device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service,
                    the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These
                    are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries
                    that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either
                    accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to
                    refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
we may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
we want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your
                    Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
                    are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
we value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving
                    to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
                    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
                    its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
                    to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly
                    advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. we have no control over
                    and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
                    or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect
                    personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child
                    under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from
                    our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
                    information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
we may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
                    this page periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting
                    the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
                    this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
                    us.
This privacy policy page was created at
privacypolicytemplate.net
and modified/generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator