Privacy Policy | KareemTKB Blog
Proven Ways To Make Money Online
Home
About
Contact
Inspiration
Jafar Complete Tafsir Offline
Passive Income
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of software applications for mobile devices and websites that were created by KareemTKB. This page is used to inform our app(s) users and/or website(s) visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service(s). If you choose to use our Service(s), then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy.
HOW WE MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, and without prior notice, by posting an amended Privacy Policy that is always accessible by clicking on the “Privacy Policy” link on our websites or mobile apps. Your continued use of our services indicates your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy. You should check the Privacy Policy periodically for modifications.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM THE PEOPLE THAT VISIT OUR BLOG, WEBSITE OR APP?
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to [users name | email address | physical address | location | pictures | device identifier]. The information that we request is [retained on your device and will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy. We’ll partner with Google and use a unique identifier on your device to serve you non-personalized or personalized ads. For information about how Google uses your mobile identifier please visit:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
THE TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information. We collect Personal Information that you provide to us and that may be used to identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information that we collect may vary with each separate purpose for which you provide it, and it may include one or more of the following categories: name, physical address, an email address, phone number, and credit card information including credit card number, expiration date, and billing address. We currently do not collect any personal information from people that choose to use our services but may do so in the future.
Non-Personal Information. We reserve the right to collect anonymous information such as browser type, the URL of the previous website you visited, your computer’s operating system and Internet protocol (IP) Address, Internet domain and host name, your Internet Service provider, your clickstream data, and the dates and times that you may access this site and specific pages (“Non-Personal Information”). Non-Personal Information is essentially anonymous when collected; however, it’s possible that Non-Personal Information could be used to identify you.
WHEN DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION?
We collect information from you when you enter information (such as your email address) on our sites or in our mobile applications. We collect Personal Information at the time you provide it to us. We may collect Personal Information through sign-up forms and as part of your registration for an account, product, or service from our website or apps. Personal information that we collect may vary with each sign-up or registration, and it may include one or more of the following categories: name, physical address, an email address, phone number, and credit card information including credit card number, expiration date, and billing address.
Your Communications With Us. We collect Personal Information that we receive from you as you communicate with us.
Passive and Analytical Information. We reserve the right to monitor use of our sites and apps. As users navigate through our sites or apps, Non-Personal Information may be passively collected (that is, gathered without your actively providing the information) using various analytics and reporting technologies, such as cookies, firebase and web beacons.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site & app features in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our websites & mobile apps in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site or app feature.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
We reserve the right to make full use of Non-Personal Information. For example, we may use Non-Personal Information to provide better service to site visitors, customize the site based on your preferences, compile and analyze statistics and trends about the use of this site, and otherwise administer and improve this site for your use.
LOG DATA
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your devices’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, configuration of the app when utilising my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
DO WE USE ‘COOKIES’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, cookies are used to remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site / app activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site / app interactions in order to offer better site / app experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled and some of our services won’t function properly.
SPECIFIC INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
Third Party Cookies for Web Analytics and Reporting. We reserve the right to use web analytics services provided by third parties. These services use third party cookies (cookies passed by others, not by us) to collect Non-Personal about your use of this site. These web analytics services may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on the service’s behalf.
Third Party Cookies for Serving Behavioral Ads. We reserve the right to serve our ads and third party ads on our site that are targeted to your interests (“third Party Behavioral Ads”). Third Party Behavioral Ads are served by third party advertising services that use third party cookies (cookies passed by others, not by us) to collect Non-Personal Information about your use of this site and other websites. This information is your “behavioral data”. third Party Behavioral Ads do not use your Personal Information. Instead, they associate your behavioral data on visited sites with your computer, so that the ads your computer sees on this site are more likely to be relevant to your interests. These advertising services may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on the service’s behalf. We will provide notice and the opportunity to opt-out of receiving third Party Behavioral Ads.
PARTICIPATION IN GOOGLE’S ADSENSE NETWORK
We reserve the right to participate in Google’s AdSense network for purposes of serving third Party Behavioral Ads. Google uses DoubleClick’s DART cookie in its AdSense network. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie. For information regarding how to opt out, go to
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
.
THIRD PARTY DISCLOSURE
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our websites and apps, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We reserve the right to disclose Non-Personal Information without restriction.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our websites and apps. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites and apps. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our sites / apps and welcome any feedback about these sites / apps.
GOOGLE
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense / AdMob Advertising on our website and in our apps.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our sites and in apps. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites / apps and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. To understand how Google uses data when you use our apps and websites, please see more at
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
We have implemented the following:
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to them using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
DATA SECURITY
We follow reasonable and appropriate industry standards to protect your Personal Information and data. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or method of data storage can be guaranteed 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information by following generally accepted industry standards, we cannot ensure or warrant the absolute security of any information you transmit to us or archive at our sites /apps.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES; ONLINE ADS
This site may contain links to other websites with whom we have a business relationship. These links may include online advertisements that we deem to be appropriate. Any information that you provide in the process of registration or purchase will be transferred to these sites. We have no responsibility or liability for the policies and practices of these sites. You should be careful to review any privacy policies posted on any of these sites before providing information to them.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a new data privacy law that establishes various rights for California state residents. The law applies to companies that do business in California and meet one of several criteria related to revenue, data processing, and other factors. CCPA requires giving residents the right to opt out of the “sale” of their “personal information” (as the law defines those terms), with the opt-out offered via a prominent “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on the “selling” party’s homepage. CCPA does recognize certain exceptions to the definition of “sale,” such that not all transfers of personal information are “sales.” For example, transferring personal information to a “service provider” under the law is not a sale. For more on how Google Admob and publishers comply with CCPA visit
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9561022?hl=en
CHILDREN’S ONLINE POLICY
We at KareemTKB are committed to preserving online privacy for all of its website visitors, including children. This site is a general audience site. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect any information from, or sell to, children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personally identifiable information without your permission or consent, we will remove the information from our active list, at your request. To request the removal of your child’s information, please contact our site as provided below under “CONTACT US”, and be sure to include in your message the same login information that your child submitted.
CAN SPAM ACT
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We may collect your email address in order to:
Sign you up to use our app or certain feature on our sites, Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails:
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
DATA DELETION RIGHT
You have the right to access, rectify, object to, or erase the data maintained by us. You may request a change / delete to your personal data by contacting us by referring the issue to the email: kareemtkb@gmail.com
If you believe our processing of your personal data infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to initiate a complaint with a supervisory authority. Don’t hesitate to contact us if you find any issue.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our mobile applications and websites, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at KAREEMTKB@GMAIL.COM
Search This Site
JOIN ANDROMO FREE!
Check out some of my apps!
Join the KAREEMTKB movement by subscribing to my free weekly newsletter! The confirmation page will make you laugh (or at least smile!), GUARANTEED! :)
Powered by
WordPress
| Designed by
Elegant Themes