privacy policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
privacy policy
Remote control app
privacy policy
Privacy Policy
We built the Remote Control app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided  at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Remote Control unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Information Collection purposes
The information collected by us meant to serve a few aspects:
Interaction with our users. It may be in order to comply with any of their feedbacks, respond to their question and etc.
Development and build up of our monetization and payment affiliates models using the traffic flow and any tracking of usage statistics.
Technical and security hazards resolutions, including fraud or other malice issues which jeopardizing our products
Facilitate of our services using development customization or any other enhancement. These improved preferences are based, not solely, on our users preferences built through the interactions with our products.
Research for analytics purposes and employment of statistic models.
Maintenance of our policies and regulations, while resolving any investigation by applicable law.
To comply with any claims of misuse of information or violation rights, if provided proof, through our products, to any third party.
Collected data:
Anonymous data
Anonymous information is collected while using our apps. This information cannot be linked to a specific individual and is accumulated as chunks of data per user group. The information gathered includes end user’s country of origin, device type and model and other hardware specifications, average daily usage, most visited pages on the app and preferred languages.
We do not have the ability to monitor all information passed through our servers and in our services, especially information created and shared by third parties making use of our services, we reserve the right to terminate the use of any user in the suspicion of misuse of our products and services.
The Company is not liable for the accuracy of the stored information gathered anonymously, Including information shared between app users while using the app (such as information shared using our user chat service)
Personal data
No personal information is ever collected from any of our users in any of our services except for data entered specifically by the user (such as filling a request or support form).
Mobile Device Identifiers.
Mobile Device Identifiers, or Mobile Device IDs are a unique identifier which can be used to identify a mobile device. They can usually only be accessed via an app and not from the mobile web. Advertisers use these identifiers to determine if they have already served an ad to a specific user and retarget or frequence cap the ads shown to that ​user. We record your mobile Device ID on some of our services for advertising and user analytics reasons. We often use other persistent identifiers in the case your device does not have an AD ID. There is a way to opt-out of getting targeted ads through your mobile Ad ID, if you are interested, read
Android
Opt-Out
Down below.
Children’s under 13
We are not mainly targeting our products to children under 13 years of age. Therefore, the collection of information from those individuals is not directed or gained in any means of solicit of sort.
Sharing information
From the anonymous information prospect, we may share the information with third parties. Between them are retailers, ad networks, service providers, advertising companies and other parties, to comply with the circumstances stated above as well as for services improvement, delivering or developing advertisements, or in order to analyze or facilitate any business model structured by us. This information is anonymous and may be merged with collected information from other sources.
Anonymous information is shared with third parties, such as statistics, crash reporting and users analytics in order to improve, maintain and facilitate our mentioned services.
Our users Personal Information is not shared with any third parties if the user hasn’t specifically consented to this Privacy Policy, or, if reached by a court order or applicable laws
We share Anonymous Information with third parties, when this is required in order to provide, maintain or improve the Services and for the purposes detailed above, and only to the extent needed to provide such services.
Our main reasons for information sharing is as listed below:
* Protection of the rights, safety of the company or any of its properties, including of its third parties, affiliates, or the company partners
** Enforcement of the regulation stated in this Privacy Policy or any Terms Of Service made by us. The company also has the right to share information in order to investigate any  violation from its partners side
*** The resolution of any technical issues and it’s detection. The prevention of fraud, violation of these Privacy Policy or the breaching of any security system employed by us
**** Comply with any regulation, applicable law, court order or subpoena
Android opt out
Using the operating system employed by Google, the user can opt out from targeted ads on his/hers Android. In order to do so, the user should consult his/hers device manufacturer or follow a manual regarding the opt out instructions for his/hers personal mobile
Security
We put the prevention of information misuse and data leakage as our highest priority. To ensure that, we use security protocols and different measures, including strict security guidelines, as standardized by the industry, to reach maximum protection. Every employee in the company is subjected to confidentiality obligations and have access only to the information required by his ongoing assignment.
Our security measures and means are well suited to meet the risks of hostile individuals. Although, to guarantee 100% prevention of data misuse by our side is a far fetched statement.
We always try to make our best in protecting our users and we will be content to hear about any vulnerability in our products.
Duration of information retain
The collected information will be retained as long as we need to meet our agreements, serve legal obligations and resolve any disputes and issues relating to our users.
The collected information will be removed or recollected, at our own discretion, if it was corrupted or inaccurate, at the time of its collection.
The collected information will be subjected to changes, if our end users desired, by contacting us via email.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at mamobile.care2020@gmail.com.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse