KALNIRNAY APP
TERMS AND CONDITIONS and PRIVACY POLICY
(www.sumangalpress.com)
Please read these terms and conditions prior to using the products and services offered by Sumangal Press. By using the product, you agree to be legally bound by the terms and conditions and privacy policy and terms of services (including without limitation all disclaimers, exclusion of warranties and limitations of liability contained therein). You also agree to bound by
Google’s Terms of Service
. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use the products and services offered by Sumangal Press.
Privacy Policy:
We collect following information when you use the software. Your mobile device's hardware information, unique id and location. This information will be kept private to Sumangal Press and will not be disclosed to third parties. We collect this information to provide you location based services and relevant advertisements. Advertisements are accepted when they conform to the ethical standards. Sumangal Press does not verify authenticity of advertiser or the claims made in Advertisements. Sumangal Press shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as the result of your relationship with advertiser. Kalnirnay app may consume bandwidth for showing advertisements which may be image or video advertisement. To save the bandwidth it may store the video advertisement on mobile memory so that video ad will not be downloaded frequently. We are using Google Maps API(s) and you agree to
Google Privacy Policy
.
You may receive notifications from Sumangal Press containing new product information, updates, alerts.
Information security:
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption.
Sumangal Press shall make no guarantees for the uninterrupted and continuous availability of the Products and/or Services or of any specific feature(s) of the Products and/or Services. The Products and/or Services are AS IS and are subject to the disclaimers of warranty and the limitations of liability as found in this agreement and which are subject to testing by the Users before entering into this agreement.
Sumangal Press reserves the right to change or terminate the Products and/or the Services.
Customer Service:
Sumangal Press does not take the responsibility for providing any customer service related to software.
Changes to the Terms:
Sumangal Press may make changes to these Terms from time to time with or without notice. When these changes are made, any new terms will be made available to you at www.sumangalpress.com. You understand and agree that if you use the product and Services after the date on which these Terms have changed, Sumangal Press will treat your use as acceptance of the updated terms.
All the copyrights of this product are reserved with Sumangal Press.