Privacy Policy - Google Fi
Experience the new Samsung Galaxy S23, S23+, or S23 Ultra. Available now on Fi.
Order now
Skip to content
Home
Home
Plans
Plans
Phones
Phones
Coverage
Coverage
Sign in
Join Fi
Google Fi
Privacy Notice
The Google Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google and its affiliates, including the
          Services. This Google Fi Privacy Notice provides additional information about how we collect and use personal
          information.
Customer Proprietary Network Information
The
Google Privacy Policy
applies to all of the services offered
              by Google and its affiliates, including the Services. This Google Fi Privacy Notice provides additional
              information about how we collect and use personal information.
Customer Proprietary Network Information
We take protecting your Customer Proprietary Network Information or “CPNI” very seriously. In fact, federal
              law requires telecommunications providers, like Google Fi, to protect certain personal information that we
              generate or access in providing the Services to you. CPNI includes call details, call location information,
              and information about the rates and features of the Services that you use. CPNI does not include your name,
              address, or phone number.
Here are the ways we protect your CPNI:
Securing your CPNI. We implement safeguards that are designed to protect your CPNI. We must authenticate you
                with a password or other permissible means before we disclose any CPNI.
Using CPNI without your additional approval is limited to specific purposes. By using the Services, you
                allow us to use, disclose, and permit access to your CPNI without your additional approval only for the
                following limited purposes:
To provide and offer services among the category of Services you're purchasing from us. This includes
                    using CPNI in the normal course of business, such as to enable billing, customer service, and
                    troubleshooting. This also includes related features such as call blocking, call return, repeat dialing,
                    call waiting, caller ID, and call forwarding.
To provide information services, such as Internet access and voicemail.
To protect our rights and property.
To protect our users and other carriers from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses of the Services.
Comply with applicable laws and legal process.
Any other purpose permitted by federal law.
Using CPNI after you choose to opt-in (by default you are opted out). From time to time, we may want to
                provide you information about Google communications-related services that are not among the category of
                services that you're already purchasing from us. You can opt in to receiving this information. You are not
                required to opt in and your decision not to opt in will not adversely affect how we provide you the Services
                that you're purchasing from us. Only if you opt in may we use your CPNI to market you Google
                communications-related services and share your CPNI with our affiliates and agents in order to provide you
                those services. Once you opt in, that opt in remains in effect until you affirmatively revoke your opt in or
                cancel the Services. Learn more about how to manage your opt-in
here
.
Using CPNI with your additional approval. Except as provided above, we will not use, disclose, or permit
                access to your CPNI without your additional approval.
Information we collect
In providing the Services to you, we may collect other information in addition to CPNI. However, our use of
              that information is also limited to specific purposes related to the Services. We may collect information
              listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
as well as information related
              to the Services such as:
Account information. You may be asked to provide additional personal information, such as billing address,
              service address, or location. Also, in order to prevent unauthorized access to your account, we may require
              you to provide an email address, account password, and answers to security questions associated with your
              account before providing information to you about your account. In some cases, we may ask you to provide
              additional information to verify your identity.
Network and Device Information. We may collect information about your use of your mobile devices, our
              network, and the Services. This information includes:
Usage Information. In providing Services to you, we maintain information about your calls, texts, and data
                usage, connectivity status, and information about the quantity, technical configuration, and type of the
                Services you use, as well as some other information found on your bill.
Device Performance Information. We may collect information about the performance of the devices you use
                with the Services, such as any failure of the device to connect with our network, dropped calls, and battery
                usage.
Location Data. When your device is turned on or when you use the Services, we may collect and process
                information about your actual location. This may include information about your current activity (e.g.,
                driving, running, walking, etc.), which lets us know when you may be moving between different mobile and
                Wi-Fi networks.
Wi-Fi Access. We may collect information about your usage of Wi-Fi services, the Wi-Fi networks that you
                use, and Wi-Fi networks that may be available to you. This may include information about the credentials you
                use to connect to Wi-Fi networks.
Pay Monthly Device Plan Information. When you apply to purchase a device on the Pay Monthly Device Plan,
              we may collect information you provide us in connection with that application, such as your name, address,
              date of birth, Social Security number, or other information. We may ask you to send us additional
              information or to answer additional questions to help verify your identity. We may obtain information about
              you from a credit bureau or other data broker to determine if you meet our minimum requirements to qualify
              for the Pay Monthly Device Plan.
Marketing Information. We may obtain and use information (such as commercially available demographic,
              geographic, or interest information) about our users from outside sources for the purposes of marketing Google Fi.
How we use the information we collect
In addition to the uses listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we
              use the information we collect to:
Provide you the Services and enable your purchase of devices.
Manage your access to the mobile networks and Wi-Fi networks available to you.
Bill you and collect payment for the Services and devices that you purchased.
Help you troubleshoot any issues you are experiencing with the Services, your device purchases, or your
                account.
Verify your identity.
Protect you or Google from fraud, phishing, or other misconduct.
Send you information about the Services and the Pay Monthly Device Plan and offer you additional Google or
                Google Fi products and services in compliance with our obligations to protect your CPNI.
If you apply to purchase a device under the Pay Monthly Device Plan, we review your information, including
                your credit information, to determine if you qualify for the Pay Monthly Device Plan.
How we share information
Sharing with third parties
We will only share your personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Google Fi and our
              affiliates in the following circumstances:
As permitted under the
Google Privacy Policy
.
We may provide personal information to our trusted businesses or persons to provide you the Services based
                on our instructions and in compliance with the Google Fi Privacy Notice and any other appropriate
                confidentiality and security measures.
If you applied to purchase a device on the Pay Monthly Device Plan, we may share certain information with a
                credit bureau or other data broker to obtain your credit information.
Sharing with our affiliates.
We share information with our affiliates, including Google LLC, to:
Provide you the Services.
Process your purchase of devices.
Bill you and collect payment for the Services and devices that you purchased.
Help you troubleshoot any issues you are experiencing with the Services, your device purchases, or your
                account.
Verify your identity.
Protect you or Google from fraud, phishing, or other misconduct.
A few things to keep in mind
Information you may be sharing when you make phone calls
When you place calls using the Services, your phone number may be displayed to the person you've called. If
              you do not wish to have your phone number displayed, you may choose to block the display of your phone number
              by dialing *67 prior to dialing the number of the person you wish to call. Blocking your phone number
              information in this manner does not prevent the display of your information when you dial certain business
              numbers, including 911 or toll-free numbers.
Information you may be sharing when you use the Internet
When you browse the Internet, use mobile applications, or otherwise access the Internet, the Mobile Directory
              Number (“MDN”) assigned to your mobile device and/or other device-specific information may be transmitted over
              the Internet. It is possible that third parties can use the MDN and other information to identify your device.
Be the first to know about the latest phones, promotions, and features available on Fi.
International Rates
FAQ
Privacy
Terms
Customer support
Broadband disclosure
Google serves cookies to analyse traffic to this site. Information about your use of our site is shared with Google for that purpose.