Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mcpe-app built the «	Modern House Map for Minecraft» app.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my
                  policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
                  Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to
                  the collection and use of information in relation to this
                  policy. The Personal Information that I collect is
                  used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with
                  anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as the Terms of Use that can be accessed with Minecraft add-ons.
Information Collection and Use
You can request to provide personally identifiable information while using the service for a better experience. The information requested by us will be held by us and will be described and used in this Privacy Policy.
The app uses a third-party service that can collect information used to identify the user.
Privacy policy link for third-party service providers used in the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Google Privacy Policy
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you
                  use my Service, in a case of an error in the app
                  I collect data and information (through third party
                  products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may
                  include information such as your device Internet Protocol
                  (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
                  configuration of the app when utilizing my Service,
                  the time and date of your use of the Service, and other
                  statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
                  commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
                  to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
                  stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However,
                  the app may use third party code and libraries that use
                  “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
                  You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies
                  and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
                  choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
                  portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and
                  individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service
                  that these third parties have access to your Personal
                  Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to
                  them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
                  disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your
                  Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
                  acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
                  of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
                  storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot
                  guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
                  a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
                  that these external sites are not operated by me.
                  Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the
                  Privacy Policy of these websites. I have
                  no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
                  privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
                  services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
                  I do not knowingly collect personally
                  identifiable information from children under 13. In the case
                  I discover that a child under 13 has provided
                  me with personal information, I immediately
                  delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
                  and you are aware that your child has provided us with
                  personal information, please contact me so that
                  I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update our privacy policy. Therefore, it is recommended that you regularly check the changes page. A new privacy policy will be posted on this page to inform you of changes. These changes will be applied immediately after posting on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2022-03-10
Contact Us
Please contact
[email protected]
whenever you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy.