Privacy agreement
At HELE , we take your privacy seriously.
Updated on April 11, 2022
QCY APP(referred as Product)
is a product provided by Dongguan Hele Electronics Co., Ltd.(referred as HELE)
			involving both software and hardware.
This document describes information that HELE and its subsidiaries collect, use, share, or store data
				including personal information (i.e., information that personally identifies you) or a combination of data that can
				be reasonably used to infer information about you (such as your email address or mobile phone IMEI).
Your Consent:
By using Product, you agree to allow us to collect and process information as described in this
				Privacy Policy. Your personal information may be collected, processed and stored by HELE.
Ⅰ. How HELE collects and uses your personal information:
What HELE collects:
1.Basic personal information:
Some of the basic personal information provided by you, like user name, contact methods, birthday
					and address. Usernames and profile photos may be shown to others in connection with HELE services. We routinely
					record log entries and technical information when your mobile device, tablet or PC contacts our systems.
2.Information input during setup:
When you install Product, you will be asked for certain basic information like your phone number,
					email address, your Facebook account information, and your general location (e.g., city or country).
3.Technical information of the device:
In order to improve your experience over time, help troubleshoot problems you may encounter, and
					provide updates for Product, we store your device information, such as camera model and serial number, hardware
					and software versions, and mobile phone information like unique identifiers (including IMEI and MAC), operating
					system, crash logs, error logs, and language settings.
Further, to improve your experience, we collect but do not associate your account or email with
					aggregated, non-identified data on functions used and frequency of use.
4.Body data:
We need you to provide your height, weight, gender and age after you launch QCY APP.
5.Data recorded by device:
When you use QCY APP to synchronize data with related device, we will record your personal data
					including activities, sleep, heart rate(HR), SpO2, weight, rowing times and speed, swimming times, impedance,
					distance, swimming gesture, pace, workout time, body temperature, blood pressure, body fat, ECG, respiratory rate,
					and emotional and pressure information.
6.Incoming call:
When you use notification for incoming call, short message and address list, QCY APP will access
					relative data. Under your permision, all relative incoming calls, short messages, address list will be applied to
					smart band and watch to display, but QCY APP will not store data related to such functions.
7.Phone information:
When you use QCY APP, we need to access the OS, brand, model and system time of your phone.
8.Music control information:
When you use music control, we will collect music information like music name, album name, singer,
					topic and music status from your phone. The information will only be displayed on device, but not be stored by us.
9.Device information:
When you link QCY APP to a device, including but not limited to unique identifiers, hardware ver.,
					general location(not personal data) and relative use information will be uploaded to server. Above collected data
					will be used for factory setting, updating system or software.
10.Relative information:
When you use Relative function, you can authorize and add other users as your relatives. Their
					data(like activity, sleep, weight, HR, blood pressure, body fat, SpO2 and ECG) will be displayed to you.
11.List of installation software :
When you log in QCY APP or use Push Notifications, we need to access the List of Installation
					Software.
12.Information provided during using functions:
If you set a target or HR warning in QCY APP, such data will be collected to send notice or warning
					when you reach the target or value. If you use female health and input the duration, interval, last day, start day
					and end day of menstruation as well as your body status during the period, all of the above data will be
					collected. If you choose to make watch face, all of your uploaded pictures will be collected and used as the
					background of watch face.
How HELE uses the information:
We use the information to provide, develop and improve Product and its service, including to make
				assessments and recommendations about products or safety. We may use your contact details to send you the
				information, to ask you to participate in surveys about using Product, and to send you other communications from
				us.
We may also use the information in an aggregated, non-identified form for research purposes and to
				help us make sales, marketing, and business decisions. For example, we use aggregated, non-identified information
				about the times users in a particular region use a particular function to help us determine if the function is
				desired by customers.
				We may use service providers to perform some of these functions. Those service providers are restricted from
				sharing your information for any other purpose.
We use industry-standard methods to keep this information safe and secure while it is transmitted
				over your home network and through the Internet to our systems.
Basic Profile Information:
Your account allows you to provide certain basic profile information like a username of your choice,
					contact information, birthday and address. Usernames and profile photos may be shown to others in connection with
					HELE services. We routinely record log entries and technical information when your mobile device, tablet, PC, or
					HELE Product contacts our systems.
Ⅱ.What authorization we need to activate:
Location permissions:
1.QCY APP collects location data to enable function of the weather even when the app is closed or
					not in use.
2.QCY APP collects location data to enable BLE signal search, Bluetooth connection and find earbuds
					even when the app is closed or not in use.
Suspension wWindow authorization:
Pop-up: It is used for quick connection via pop-up, which needs to be activated if you need the
					quick connection.
Storage authorization:
It is used to customize the picture selection function in avatar, feedback and other functions.
List of installation APP:
It is used for invoking social platform apps in your device to log in Product via a third party and
					share information on these platforms.
Call log permissions:
It is used for linking the watch to your phone as a way to use the watch to make a call.
Dialing authorization:
It is used for linking the watch to your phone as a way to use the watch to dial.
Address list aAuthorization:
It is used for displaying your address list on the watch.
SMS permissions:
It is used for checking real-time short message through the watch.
Ⅲ.How HELE shares your information:
We only share your personal information for necessary purposes and in a range that has to do so, including
				providing services you selected in the app, helping you participate campaign and receive gifts and forwarding you
				with personal ads with third parties.
Such third parties include:
1.We use MobTech SDK service from a third party, Shanghai Youkun Information Technology Co.,
					Ltd.(referred as MobTech) to provide you with social sharing and third-party login. You are required to authorize
					MobTech SDK to provide the above services. After such authorization, MobTech will collect your personal
					information. For type and use of such data, and protection rules and quit mechanism of personal data, please refer
					Privacy Policy at www.mob.com/about/policy.
2.We use amap open platform location SDK and amap open platform map SDK provided by a third party
					AutoNavi to provide you with map, location, search and other functions. In order to realize these functions, you
					are required to authorize amap open platform to provide relative service. AutoNavi will collect your personal
					information upon such authorization. For details about the type and use of such information
					and rules of personal information protection and quit, please refer to Privacy Policy of
					AutoNavi(https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy/).
3.For acquiring abnormal information including app breakdown and crash, updating app and improving
					user experience, Android version app uses Bugly SDK(Tencent) collecting your device’s identification(such as IMEI,
					IMSI and MAC). For your information safety, we have cut a data safety and security deal with the service provider
					who will strictly act in line with our requirements on data privacy and information safety. We will share your
					personal information with no other party without your concent. For better understanding data type of Bugly SDK and
					how it is used, you may visit its site to read Privacy Policy of Bugly SDK.
4.We use SDK service of Sina Weibo from a third party, Beijing Weimengchuangke Network Tech Co.,
					Ltd.,
					to provide you services like logging in and sharing content to a third-party App. This is used when you log in or
					share content to Weibo.
					To achieve the functions, you need to authorize Weibo SDK to offer them. Weibo SDK will garner your and your
					device’s information after your authorization.
					With regard to the type and use of such information, rules of personal information protection and quiting
					mechanism of Beijing Weimengchuangke Network Tech Co.,
					Ltd., please refer the SDK service privacy policy of Sina Weibo development
					platform(https://open.weibo.com/wiki/Sdk/privacy).
5.We use SDK service of Wechat login and sharing from a third party, Shenzhen Tencent Computer
					Systems Co., Ltd., to provide you services like logging in Wechat and sharing content on Wechat. This is used when
					you log in or share content to wechat. To achieve the functions, you need to authorize Wechat SDK to offer them.
					Wechat SDK will garner your and your device’s information after your authorization. With regard to the type and
					use of such information, rules of personal information protection and quiting mechanism of Shenzhen Tencent
					Computer Systems Co., Ltd., please refer the Wechat SDK service privacy
					policy(https://www.tenpay.com
/v3/helpcenter/low/privacy.shtml).
6. We use SDK service of 【Xiaomi PUSH】 from a third party, Beijing Xiaomi Mobile Software Co., Ltd.,
					to provide you message push services when you use Xiaomi phone. 【Xiaomi PUSH】 SDK service will garner your and
					your device’s information after your authorization. With regard to the type and use of such information, rules of
					personal information protection and quiting mechanism of Beijing Xiaomi Mobile Software Co., Ltd., please refer
					the 【Xiaomi PUSH】 SDK service privacy policy(https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822).
7. We use SDK service of 【Huawei PUSH】 from a third party, HUAWEI Software Technology Co., Ltd., to
					provide you message push services when you use Huawei phone. 【 Huawei PUSH】 SDK service will garner your and your
					device’s information after your authorization. With regard to the type and use of such information, rules of
					personal information protection and quiting mechanism of HUAWEI Software Technology Co., Ltd., please refer the
					【Huawei PUSH】 SDK service privacy
					policy
(https://developer.huawei.com/consumer
/cn/doc/development/HMSCore-Guides/sdk-data-security-0000001050042177).
8. We use SDK service of 【OPPO PUSH】 from a third party, Guangdong HeyTap Technology Co., Ltd., to
					provide you message push services when you use OPPO phone. 【 OPPO PUSH】 SDK service will garner your and your
					device’s information after your authorization. With regard to the type and use of such information, rules of
					personal information protection and quiting mechanism of Guangdong HeyTap Technology Co., Ltd., please refer the
					【OPPO PUSH】 SDK service privacy policy(https://open.oppomobile.com
/new/developmentDoc/info?id=10288).
9. We use SDK service of 【VIVO PUSH】 from a third party, Guangdong Tianchen Network Techlogy Co.,
					Ltd. and its authorizer vivo development platform , to provide you message push services when you use VIVO phone.
					【 VIVO PUSH】 SDK service will garner your and your device’s information after your authorization. With regard to
					the type and use of such information, rules of personal information protection and quiting mechanism of Guangdong
					Tianchen Network Techlogy Co., Ltd. and its authorizer vivo development platform, please refer the 【VIVO PUSH】 SDK
					service privacy policy(https://dev.vivo.com.cn/
documentCenter/doc/652).
10. We delegate a third party - Shenzhen Yixiang E-Commerce Co., Ltd. - to provide you with
					customized QCY brand information and ads subscription service which require your authorization to collect your
					email. We will share your personal information with no other party without your concent.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following are the limited situations where we may share personal information
				with other third party with exemptions for the firms stipulated in Clause Ⅲ :
1.For external processing:
We have vendors, service providers, and technicians who help with some of our processing and
					storage, including helping answer your questions. They may also assist with monitoring our servers and systems for
					technical problems. These technicians (as well as HELE employees) can access certain information about you or your
					account relating to this work, but these technicians are not allowed to use this data for non-HELE purposes.
2.As part of business transition:
Upon the sale or transfer of the company and/or all or part of its assets, your personal information
					may be among the items sold or transferred. We will require the purchaser treat such data under the Privacy
					Policy.
3.For legal reasons:
We may provide information to a third party if we believe in good faith that we are required to do
					so for legal reasons. For example, we may disclose information in response to legal process.
					If you select an outside party for the purchase, installation, or service and share your personal information, we
					cannot control the collection, storage or sharing of information collected by that party. For example, if you buy
					Product from a retailer, the retailer may collect personal information as part of the transaction.
Ⅳ.How we store your information:
Storage location:
China
Storage period:
period that relative laws and regulations stipulate for providing such services
					How we deal with your information when the period ends: Your information will be deleted or anonymized.
Ⅴ.What information we could send you:
We could send you short messages, emails, news or notices when you are using our service. You can also cancel
				subscription according to instructions.
Ⅵ.How you manage your information:
You can access, modify, copy or delete your personal information, revoke consent, delete account or exercise
				other rights in settings of the app or by contacting us.
Ⅶ.How we protect minors:
For any users under 14 years old, please do not use Product until you confirm signature policy with your
				custodians.
Ⅷ.How to delete my account:
You can delete your account on home page of Product. Please note if you delete your QCY account, the account can
				no longer be used to log in to enjoy functions and service of QCY with all information related to it will be
				removed. Whereas, you can still enjoy any service or funtions that do not need login. After your account is
				deleted, we will stop providing you with relative products or service and - with exemptions for information that
				laws or regulations require to store - delete or anonymize your personal information within 7 working days.
Ⅸ.How to contact us:
If you have any questions, please contact us via
qcy@qcy.com
and we will reply your request or claim
				within legal period.