Privacy Policy
News
News Home
Tulsa Race Massacre
Something Good
Oklahoma Media Center
AC Covers DC
Crime
Gathering Place
Educate Oklahoma
Coronavirus
Politics
Covering the Capitol
About Your Retirement
Special Coverage
Oklahoma Earthquakes
Events
Weather
Weather Home
Bob Mills Weather Center
NextGen Live Radar
National Radar
Watches & Warnings
Lucky Star SKYCAMS
Bob Mills SkyNews 9 HD
The Storm Chasers
David's Wild Weather Camp
Jed's Bus Stop Forecast
Lake Levels
Traffic
Weather App
Weather 101
David's Storm Map
Sports
Sports Home
WCWS
OU
OSU
TU
ORU
Thunder
Ford Sports Blitz
Our State, Our Heisman
High School Football
Scores & Schedules
Athlete of the Week
Play of the Week
Spirit Stick
Oklahoma's Own Originals
Home
Weather Vault
Tulsa Race Massacre: 100 Years Later
We Remember: 25 Years Later
The Storm Chasers
My Daughter's Murder
Oklahoma Together
Something Good
Trips On A Tankful
Ahead of the Storm
Holiday Adventures Week: 2020
State Fair Stories
First and Football
Summer Staycations
Special Reports
Red Dirt Diaries
Video
Video Home
Contests
Contests Home
Text & Win
Recipes
Recipes Home
About Us
About Us Home
Meet the News Team
Products
Advertise with Us
Food for Kids
TV Schedule
NOW Cable Listings
News 9 Plus
Seen On
Seen On
Links Mentioned
Women's History Month
Daily Pledge
Oklahoma Together
Job Listings
Brand Focus Home
Brand Focus
Careers
Job Listings
Brand Focus
Brand Focus
Account
Sign Up
Log In
News
Weather
Videos
Sports
|
Trending:
Back To School
Sunbeam
12P
°
0
Trending:
Back To School
Sunbeam
Breaking News
:  Endangered Missing Advisory Activated For Norman 23-Year-Old
Privacy Policy
It is the Griffin Media station affiliates (the "station") policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating this site (the “website”). We are committed
Tuesday, December 4th 2018, 2:10 pm
By:
News On 6
It is the Griffin Media station affiliates (the "station") policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating this site (the “website”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this notice, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at websupport@griffin.news. However, while the security of your personal information is important to us, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Using cookies, and similar technologies, the Station automatically collects certain information when you visit, use or navigate the website. This information does not reveal your identity, but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our website and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of this website, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
The website does not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. By using the website, you affirm you are at least 13 years old, or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the website. If we learn that personal information from users less than 13 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us at
websupport@griffin.news
.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
The Station process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. The website uses the information collected or received:
Send Marketing and Promotional Communications
he Station and/or our third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link within the email.
Deliver Targeted Advertising
The Station may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
Protect Our Services
The Station may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the website safe and secure.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED?
The Station may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent
The Station may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legal Obligations
The Station may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Legitimate Interests
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of A Contract
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Vital Interests
The Station may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers
The Station may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. the Station may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the website, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the website over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Privacy Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers
The Station may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Advertisers
The Station may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the website. These companies may use information about your visits to the website contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Business Partners
The Station may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
COOKIES
A cookie is a string of information a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. To enrich and perfect your online experience, the Station uses "cookies" and/or similar tracking technologies (web beacons and/or pixels) on the website to access or store information. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the website. Disabling cookies could result in certain features of the website not functioning properly. By continuing to navigate the website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to the Station’s use of cookies.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
The website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Further information about Google’s Privacy Policy may be obtained from http://www.google.com/privacy.html.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The website contains advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with the Station. If you click a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. the Station assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites, products or services. We suggest you review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can log into your account settings and update your user account. Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Service and/or comply with legal requirements.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at websupport@griffin.news.
DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
Our Company would like to make sure you are fully aware of all your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The Right to Access
You have the right to request Our Company for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The Right to Rectification
You have the right to request that Our Company correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Our Company to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The Right to Erasure
You have the right to request that Our Company erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The Right to Restrict Processing
You have the right to request that Our Company restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The Right to Object to Processing
You have the right to object to Our Company’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The Right to Data Portability
You have the right to request that Our Company transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email
websupport@griffin.news
, call us at 405-843-6641, or write to us at Griffin Media, 7401 N. Kelleyklahoma City, OK 73111
PRIVACY STATEMENT-CALIFORNIA
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of Personal Information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit an email request to the following email address:
websupport@griffin.news
, and include the words “CALIFORNIA PRIVACY”. More information can be found
here
.
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may update this privacy notice at any time. the Station encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at websupport@griffin.news or by post to:
Griffin Media
7401 N. Kelley Ave.
Oklahoma City, OK 73111
Get The
Daily Update!
Be among the first to get breaking news, weather, and general news updates from News 9 delivered right to your inbox!
Morning Headlines
Daily Forecast
Station Announcements
Covid-19 Updates
Afternoon Headlines
Weekly Recipes
Week in Washington
From Our Partners
Breaking News
More Like This
Privacy Policy
December 4th, 2018
Self-Care: So, How Do We Get Started With 'Connection'?
February 16th, 2023
Amazing Oklahoman: Mike Askins
February 10th, 2023
Amazing Oklahoman: Ellen Vanderslice
February 6th, 2023
Top Headlines
'New Bar For Excellence': Oologah Native Zach Bryan Sets Several BOK Center Records After Weekend Concerts
August 18th, 2023
New Aviation Program In Collinsville Piques High Schoolers Interest In The Industry
August 18th, 2023
Man Critically Injured After Stabbing In Tulsa Near Admiral, Peoria
August 18th, 2023
Increasing Heat Stress This Weekend
August 18th, 2023
100 West Main, Ste 100
Oklahoma City, OK 73102
405-843-6641
Our Lobby Hours
Mon-Fri
Mon-Fri
8:30-5:30
Sat-Sun
Sat-Sun
CLOSED
Holidays
Call First
Keep up-to-date with everything that happens in your world.
We promise to never spam you. You can opt-out at any time. Please refer to our
Privacy
                Policy
for additional information.
Products
Feedback
Careers
News
              Tips
2023
Griffin News.
News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information,
        sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state.
Privacy
        Policy
,
Terms of
        Service
,
Legal Notices
,
EEO Report
,
Ad Choices
,
Public Inspection File
        Contact
,
KWTV Public Inspection
        File
,
KSBI Public Inspection
        File
,
Closed Captioning
        Assistance
,
FCC
        Applications