Privacy Policy – Islam: The Noble Quran | Dimach Cassiope – We love making apps!
Dimach Cassiope
Dimach Cassiope
Mobile development
Top
Testimonials
About us
Contact
Download
Privacy Policy
Dimach Cassiope
Privacy Policy - Islam: The Noble Quran
Privacy Policy
Dimach Cassiope built the
Islam: The Noble Quran
application.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Permissions used on Android devices
WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE
this permission is used to store all the audio files to the external memory or the sd-card of the devices. Some other files like preferences or bookmarks may be written in the external storage in order to get persistance through app installations.
READ PHONE STATE
used to pause audio when receiving a phone call and to resume when the call is ended.
No use of cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
We do not use cookies in our apps however 3rd-party services may use them. Check out their privacy policies.
No personally identifiable information are collected
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address. Our apps may occasionally scan a list of installed applications on user device to detect which of our apps/games are installed so we can show an appropriate house ad. The list of apps is scanned offline – we do not send or collect this information.
No store and no share of your precise location
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
No share of your personal information with marketers
We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies for marketing purposes.
3rd party services may collect anonymous data
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
AdMob
Full Privacy Policy:
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
Appnext
Full Privacy Policy:
http://www.appnext.com/policy.html
We are using following 3rd-party services for tracking user installations so we can see how many users installed our app or to track errors and bugs so as to bring fixes.
Google Analytics
Full Privacy Policy:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Flurry Analytics
Full Privacy Policy:
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/terms-service/flurry-analytics-terms-service
Crashlytics
Full Privacy Policy:
http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf
Log Data
we want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Security
we value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100{d6f46c30b55dbd3d25bb501bdc1af5245b024dc0a63d972c793612af337dc097} secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
No in-app purchases
There are no in-app purchases in our applications.
No push notifications
There are no push notifications in our applications.
No Internet connection required
Applications do not require an internet connection to work. However, the applications contains links to external site that require an internet connection, particularly for audio download.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Privacy questions
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us:
contact@dimachcassiope.com
2017 © Dimach Cassiope
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok