Privacy Policy – Movavi
Store
Support Center
How-tos
Blog
My Account
EN
Video
Screen Recording
Photo
For Work
For Education
We use cookies to improve the services we offer you. By continuing to browse this site, you consent to keep them in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
Movavi Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 4, 2023.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected, processed, or stored by Movavi online stores, via the Sites (as hereinafter defined) and via Movavi’s desktop, web, and mobile applications and describes the extent of collection and use of personal information by Movavi Software Limited (hereinafter – MOVAVI, we, or us). Except as otherwise stated herein, MOVAVI is a data controller of personal information processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. MOVAVI has the greatest respect for your privacy and gives special attention to the confidentiality of information submitted to us when you visit our websites (current and future websites, owned or operated by MOVAVI, and/or for which MOVAVI currently or in the future provides services and/or products, hereinafter – the Site or Sites) or otherwise communicate or interact with us.
1. General provisions
1.1. This document, the MOVAVI Privacy Policy (hereinafter – the Policy), contains our policies and provisions concerning the information collected about you by MOVAVI.
1.2. By visiting our Site, using our services, and downloading, installing, and using the MOVAVI software (hereinafter – the Applications), you accept all terms and conditions of this Policy.
1.3. This Policy is a part of a body of documents that sets terms and conditions of use of the Site and of the Applications. Other documents defining the relationship between you and MOVAVI are the
Terms of Use
and the
End User License Agreement
(hereinafter – EULA), along with any additional terms that could be applicable to your use of our products and/or services.
1.4. Unless defined otherwise by this Policy, all terms and definitions used herein shall have the meaning defined in the Terms of Use and EULA.
1.5. This Policy, including its construction, method of adoption, performance, amendments, and termination, is subject to the legislation of the Republic of Cyprus.
2. Information we collect
2.1. We may collect information, including personal information, about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Sites, products, and services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below. Personal information means information that can be associated with a specific individual.
2.2. We process the following categories of personal information:
Information provided directly by you
Information received from other sources
Information collected automatically
Information provided directly by you
Account and user information
. We collect information about you when you register an account, create or modify user information, and/or provide any other related information to access or use our Sites, products, or services. For example, you provide your email address when you register an account on our Site. You also have the option of adding a new email address and your country to your account information. If you use our Sites, products, or services, we may also process, without limitation, the following information: name (pseudonym or nickname), telephone number (e.g., in cases when you request individual technical support or assistance), and information about your purchases and activation of the Applications (preference categories and other types of preference-related advertising).
Information you provide by filling out specific forms
. MOVAVI also processes personal information you provide by filling out specific forms. For example, when downloading a trial version of an Application from the Site, subscribing to email newsletters, contacting MOVAVI for technical support or via feedback forms, etc., MOVAVI may set out the requirements for the information that is essential to provide the user with our products or services. For instance, for technical support purposes you may be asked to provide your contact information, a description of the problem you are experiencing, and documentation, screenshots, or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue. If some information is not marked by MOVAVI as essential, you may submit or disclose such information at your own discretion.
Commercial and payment information
. If you purchase our products or services, we may process the following information: your name, email address, your country, state, city, postal code, information about your purchases, payment methods, payment currencies, and other payment data. If you use a credit card to purchase a MOVAVI product, the credit card number is encrypted as it passes over the Internet. Cardholder data is not kept in or recorded by MOVAVI, it is simply transferred to your bank, credit card company, and payment-processing company. In this respect, an online credit card purchase is similar to a credit card purchase at any store. Information about you such as name, email address, your country, state, city, postal code, and purchased product or service is retained by MOVAVI for further delivery and/or registration of the product or service.
Information received from other sources
Information received from distributors or partners
. We may obtain personal information about you from our distributors or partners, for example, if you purchase the products or services through one of these partners. The personal information we may receive include business contact information, including name, surname, job titles, and email addresses. Please note that MOVAVI acts as a processor with respect to the information received from distributors or partners.
Information received from Business administrators
. We may obtain personal information about you from Business administrators, for example, if the Business would like to share its license rights with you, such Business may provide us with your email so that we can grant you the foregoing rights.
Information received from payment processors
. When you save your credit card information, it is saved on the respective payment processor's servers and the payment processor gives Movavi a token that you can reuse for future payments. It is not possible to reconstruct your credit card information from the token. For due performance of our tax obligations and for subscription renewal, we may only obtain the following information from our payment processors: the last 4 digits of the credit card associated with your purchase, the country of the bank that issued the card, the network, and expiration month and year.
Information collected automatically
Device and usage information
. For website personalization, conducting research and for improvement of our Site and Applications, we gather information about the devices you use to access our Sites (desktop and mobile) and other information about you when you visit and interact with any of our Sites or Applications; this may include the IP address and other geolocation data, browser type and version, operating system, and system language, referring website, time of access, traffic source, hardware model and other device-specific information, unique device identifiers, statistical information about your actions on the Site and Application use, information about the data that is being sent and received via the Application, and other device and usage information.
This information may be collected and/or processed using the services of third parties, such as:
Analytics services
Social network plugins
Other systems and services that use and process such data
Cookies and similar technologies.
We and our third-party service providers and partners, such as our advertising and analytics service providers and partners, use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., device identifiers, web beacons, and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different services and devices. For example, we use:
Google Analytics
. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyze how visitors use the Site. The information generated by the cookies is transmitted to and stored by Google. Google Analytics helps us understand the use of our Site by visitors. Because Google Analytics requires cookies to function, users who wish to avoid tracking by Google Analytics while on our Site can disable cookies in their browser. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For more information about how Google uses data, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
Google Optimize
. We use Google Optimize cookies to test and analyze how audiences interact with our Site. We do this to make informed decisions about how to provide a better experience for our visitors.
Google Tag Manager
. We use Google Tag Manager, a tag management system that allows us to quickly and easily update tracking codes and related code fragments collectively known as “tags” on our Site and mobile Applications.
Criteo
. We use Criteo to display interest-based advertising within the Criteo advertising network. To display interest-based advertising, Criteo uses cookies and other usage data that does not identify users directly. The Criteo privacy policy and opt-out possibility information are available at
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
.
Hotjar.
Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand the user experience (e.g., how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what they do and do not like, etc.) and enables us to build, maintain, and improve our service using user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behavior and their devices – in particular their device's IP address (captured and stored only in an anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our Site. Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor MOVAVI will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
Outbrain
. We use Outbrain Inc. to place our advertising campaigns on the web, and we embed Outbrain’s pixel on our Site to collect analytics about internet users who interact with our campaigns. For more information about Outbrain’s privacy policy, please visit
https://www.outbrain.com/privacy/
.
For more information, please see our Cookies section below, which includes information on how to disable cookies.
3. Use of information we collect
3.1.
MOVAVI uses personal information for the following purposes:
Execution and performance of the agreements with you
Registration of your account
Personalization of products and special offers
Identification of you in the course of fulfilling MOVAVI’s obligations under our agreements with you
Communication with you for the purposes of informational support and improvement of the Applications, including notification through third parties
Improvement of the Site and Applications
Distribution of advertising materials from MOVAVI and/or third parties among users as the targeted audience
Targeting of advertising and/or informational materials
Conducting marketing, analytical, and other research based on automatically collected information
Verification of accounts and activity, detection, prevention, and responding to potential or actual security incidents and monitoring and protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Compliance with legal requirements
3.2. MOVAVI may share personal information with service providers as described below within the limits of the purposes listed above.
3.3. If the information submitted by you contains personal information, by using our Site, services, or products or by providing personal information to us, you freely and voluntarily grant MOVAVI written informed consent to process that data for the purposes defined by this Policy. This includes any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. This consent may be revoked at any time by
submitting a request
to our Support Team.
4. Privacy Policy principles
Our Privacy Policy is based on the following principles:
We process your data exclusively for the purposes and according to the methods provided when the data was collected.
We use the collected data only for purposes specified herein.
We let third parties access the provided data exclusively for the purposes specified herein.
We respond to requests for canceling, changing, or adding to the data provided.
We ensure proper and lawful data management.
We safeguard your privacy and apply appropriate security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data provided.
5. Sharing your information
5.1. We share information we collect about you in the ways discussed below.
Service Providers
. We share your personal information with third-party service providers that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market our Sites, Applications, and services. Following our instructions, these parties may process your personal information in the course of providing the relevant services to us. Third-party service providers only have access to the personal information they need to perform those services. In particular, we use third-party service providers of payment processing, fraud prevention, crash reporting services, analytics services, marketing services, advertising services, email communication and customer support services, and hosting and other information technology services.
Partners.
We may share your information with our partners that help us to drive traffic to our Sites or otherwise promote our Applications and services.
Business administrators
. If you are using the Application activation key that is provided to you by a Business or if you were invited to use the MOVAVI Site, services, and products by a Business, we may provide your email, Application activation information, Application use status (last use date) and operating system information to the relevant Business administrators for license management purposes.
Affiliates
. We may share your personal information with other companies under common ownership or control with MOVAVI. These companies use your personal information as described in this Policy.
Business transfers
. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of a service to another provider, your personal information and other information may be transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Compelled disclosure.
We reserve the right to use or disclose your personal information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
Others
. We may share your personal information in other ways if you have asked us to do so or have given consent. For example, with your consent, we post user testimonials that may identify you.
5.2. These transfers will be typically based on our legitimate interest or agreed upon in the contract.
5.3. If you prefer that we not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, please
contact our Support Team
.
6. Retention of personal information
If we collect your personal information, the length of time we retain it is determined by a number of factors, including the purpose for which we use that information and our obligations under applicable laws, but no longer than it is reasonably necessary in light of the purposes set out above. We may need your personal information to establish, bring, or defend legal claims. For this purpose, we retain your personal information for 7 years after the date it is no longer needed by us for any transactions, fulfilling contract purposes or marketing communications.
7. Cookie notice
7.1. This notice is designed to help you understand what cookies are, how MOVAVI uses them, and the choices you have in regard to their use. By continuing to use our Sites, you are agreeing to the use of cookies in the manner described in this notice.
7.2.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored in your browser or on the hard drive of your computer or another device when you visit our Site. This allows the Site to recognize you as a user either for the duration of your visit (a “session cookie”) or for repeat visits (a “persistent cookie”). Cookies are not harmful and do not contain any personally identifiable information such as your home address, date of birth, or credit card details.
7.3. The cookies we use fall into four broad types:
Strictly necessary cookies
. These cookies are essential for helping you to navigate our Site and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Site. Without these cookies, the services you have requested, such as setting up an account, cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the Internet.
Analytical/performance cookies
. In order to keep the Site, services, and products relevant, easy to use, and up to date, we use web analytics services to help us understand how people use our Site. For example, we can see which parts of the Site and products are most popular, identify when and where errors occur, and test different versions of a page or feature to see which works best.
Functionality cookies
. These cookies allow websites and applications to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymized, which means we cannot identify you personally. They do not gather any information about you that could be used for selling, advertising, or remembering where you've been on the Internet but help us provide advertising that is more relevant to you.
Targeted marketing cookies
. We also use cookies to assist in targeted advertising. Without these cookies, online advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and your interests. We also use them to measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, for example, by receiving signals to inform us if you have responded to an advertisement that we have sent you.
7.4. The information stored in cookies is safe and anonymous to any external third party, and your account security is never compromised. For information on how to disable cookies, please consult the “Help” tab in your browser via its menu bar. Should you need further assistance, please contact us via the email address below.
8. Your consent to receive information from MOVAVI
8.1. Our Site and Applications offer news and information regarding our products by subscription, including email newsletters. If you decide to subscribe to these services, you may be asked to provide your email address. By doing so, you agree to receive emails from MOVAVI with information about updates and any other information related to the Applications as well as other types of information from MOVAVI, including advertisements. We may use the information you provide to help develop content that is relevant to our users. You are free to cancel your subscription(s) at any time.
8.2. Where required by law we will only send you marketing information if you consent to us doing so at the time you provide us your personal information. You may opt out of receiving such emails by following the instructions in each promotional email we send you.
8.3. To cancel your subscription, follow the instructions at the bottom of the emails or email us at
privacy@movavi.com
and request the deletion of your data from our mailing list. In this case, MOVAVI will keep your personal information in its database but will not contact you unless you change your mind on this issue.
9. Protection of your information
9.1. MOVAVI stores information about users and takes the appropriate organizational and technical security measures to protect that information from unauthorized access and disclosure in compliance with internal rules and procedures (including GDPR).
9.2. We maintain administrative and technical safeguards for the protection of personal information. These safeguards include, without limitation, the following:
Administrative safeguards
: Access to personal information about users is limited to authorized personnel who have a legitimate need to know it based on their job descriptions – for example, employees who provide technical support to end users. All such data is subject to password protection. In the case of third-party contractors who process personal information on our behalf, similar requirements are imposed.
Technical safeguards
: Access to user information in our database via the Internet is not permitted except through an encrypted virtual private network (VPN). Other access is limited to our physical premises; the removal of personal information from our location is forbidden. Third-party contractors who process personal information on our behalf agree to provide reasonable physical safeguards.
9.3. If you create an account, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password for that account.
10. Your rights
Under data protection law as the data subject, you have rights we need to make you aware of. The rights available to you depend on our reason for collecting and processing your information.
Right of access
. You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. This right always applies. However, there are some exceptions, when you may not always receive all the information we process about you.
Right to rectification
. You have a right to ask us to correct or complete your personal information if you find that it is inaccurate or incomplete. If we share your personal information with others, we will ask them to correct or complete it as soon as it is possible.
Right to erasure
. You may ask us to delete your personal information in certain circumstances, for example, if your personal information is no longer needed for its processing or if you want to withdraw your consent. If we share your personal information with others, we will notify them that they need to erase your information where it is possible.
Right to restriction of processing
. You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your data in cases determined by law.
Right to object to processing
. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information, under certain conditions.
Right to data portability
. You have the right to request that we transfer the information that we have collected to another organization or directly to you, under certain conditions.
Right to withdraw a consent
. If we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, but this will not affect any processing of your data that has already taken place.
Right to make a complaint with a supervisory authority
. We work to high standards when it comes to processing your personal information. If you have queries or concerns, please contact us at
privacy@movavi.com
and we’ll respond. If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handle your personal information, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns.
Right to non-discrimination
. We will not discriminate against you (e.g., through denying provision of products or services or providing a different level or quality of products or services) for exercising any of the rights available to you.
11. Other important privacy information
Sensitive information
. MOVAVI does not collect sensitive personal information such as sexual preferences, religion, political views, health conditions, or other sensitive personal information. We will not request it from you, and neither do we need it.
Data on children
. Persons under the age of 13, or any higher minimum age in the jurisdiction where that person resides, should not provide us with personal information unless they have the verifiable permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s). Our Site, products, and services are not intended for children under the age of 13 or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children but, if a parent, guardian, or anyone else believes that a child has submitted personal information to us and would like us to delete that information, they may contact us at
privacy@movavi.com
.
International transfers of personal information
. We collect information globally and may transfer, process, and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you our products and services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it. To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information globally and allow access to that information from countries in which MOVAVI owned or operated companies have operations for the purposes described in this Policy. These countries may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the country in which you are located. Moreover, some of the third parties described in this Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. Where we transfer your personal data as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives adequate security protection where it is processed and your rights continue to be protected pursuant to the applicable data protection law, including through the use of Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission. If you would like to receive more information on the safeguards that we implement as described above, please contact us as indicated below.
Third-party websites
. The Site and Applications may contain links to third-party websites. When the user follows these links, the user leaves the Site/Application, so MOVAVI takes no responsibility for the safety of user data during the use of third-party websites. Such websites may have their own privacy policy setting out the rules of collection and storage of user data. This Policy does not cover the data that is submitted to, stored, or used by third-party websites. We recommend that you carefully review the privacy policy of such third parties when using their websites. MOVAVI is not responsible for the use of your data by any third parties that you interact with in the course of using the Site or Application.
YouTube API
. Some Applications, e.g., Movavi Video Editor and Movavi Slideshow Maker, use the YouTube API to be able to add content to your YouTube channel. Via YouTube API we may collect user YouTube public video IDs for conducting research and improving our Site, Applications, and services. The full text of the terms of use can be found at
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
. The Google LLC Privacy Policy (YouTube service provider) can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. In addition to the normal procedure for deleting stored data, you can revoke access to your data at any time using the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
Google AdSense
. We use Google AdSense to provide advertisements to our users based on previous visits to our Site and other Sites on the Internet. Users can opt out of this by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy and adjusting their preferences.
AppsFlyer
. Our mobile applications are analyzed using technologies from AppsFlyer Inc. Various session and interaction data are collected from you and stored for this purpose. We need this information to improve the content and usability of our Applications and to optimize the user experience for you. The session and interaction data are at no time processed in a personalized form but under a pseudonym.
MailChimp
. We use MailChimp for newsletter and marketing emails. Through MailChimp, we track emails, including who opens the emails and who clicks on which link. For more information, please read Mailchimp’s
Global Privacy Statement
.
Yahoo Gemini
. We use Yahoo Gemini to place digital advertisements on Yahoo in order to provide up-to-date information to past Site visitors.
12.
Amendments
12.1.
This Policy may be amended or canceled by MOVAVI at its own discretion without prior notification of the user. We recommend that you regularly read the latest version of the Policy.
12.2. A new version of the Policy is effective from the moment of its publication unless specified otherwise by such new version of the Policy.
The currently effective version of the Policy is available on MOVAVI’s Site at
https://www.movavi.com/privacy.html
.
12.3. We value your trust and are always prepared to answer your questions about the handling of your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, contact our Support Team.
13.
Registered office
Movavi Software Limited
Office 201, 3 Krinou Street, Agios Athanasios Municipality, 4103 Limassol, Cyprus.
Sign up for news and special offers
Your email
Subscribe
Subscribe
By signing up, you consent to receive our marketing emails and agree to Movavi using your personal data in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
. You also confirm that you meet the
minimum age requirements
Store
Windows products
Mac products
Windows products
Unlimited
Video Suite
Photo Editor
Video Converter
Video Editor
Screen Recorder
Online Video Converter
Online Video Editor
Online PDF Editor
Online Screen Recorder
All Windows products
Mac products
Unlimited
Video Suite
Photo Editor
Video Converter
Video Editor
Screen Recorder
Screen record on Mac with audio
All Mac products
Support
Help center
How-tos
Knowledge base
Learning portal
Movavi Blog
Trial version limitations
Cancel subscription
Payment methods
Refund
Company
Contact Movavi
About Movavi
Our authors
Testimonials
User stories
Media reviews
Movavi awards
Why choose us
For business
For partners
For education
Copyright © 2023, Movavi Software Limited. All rights reserved.
Privacy policy
Terms of use
EULA
Shipping and returns policy
Refund policy
Trademark guidelines
Due to the pandemic, the Support Center is temporarily sending calls to
                voicemail. We do not charge for calls, but carrier charges may apply.
+1205-846-4477