Logicord LLC Privacy Policy
LOGICORD LLC
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: October
12, 2018
At Logicord LLC , we are committed to maintaining
privacy protections for our users.  This Privacy Policy describes what
information we collect when you use our web site, mobile apps, and online
services (collectively, the "Services").
1.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A.
Information You Provide to Us Directly
We collect information that you provide to us when
contacting us through the Services or via e-mail. We also collect information
that you submit through the Services, such as breaking news reports.
B.
Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Services
We collect other information automatically when you use the Services,
including:
IP address
Hardware or device identifiers, including Advertising
     ID
Browser details, including your browser type and
     version
Device or hardware details, such as device type and
     operating system
Event logs, including crash reports
Analytics data about your use of our Services (e.g.
     session length, pages and content accessed, errors encountered)
Mobile device data, such as push notification tokens
     or GPS location, to enable optional features with your consent
We also may collect and store information locally on your device using
cookies or similar tracking technology.
C.
Information Provided to Us by Third Parties
If you load any of our Services from a third party app
store or mobile platform provider, we may receive information from that third
party including your username, device ID, and a description of the purchase that
does not include sensitive financial information.
We may receive information from third parties, such as Facebook or
Game Center, when you use these features in our Services. We may also receive
information about you when other players choose to share their contact lists
with us.
We may also receive information from our advertising partners,
such as if you were directed to our Services from an ad campaign.
2.
HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
In addition to information that you provide to us
directly, such as via e-mail or through forms in our Services, we also use
certain technologies to collect information.
A.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels,
and other tracking technologies in the Services to help customize the Services
and improve your experience.
Cookies are small text files stored by your
Internet browser. You can use your browser settings to restrict or disable
cookies.
B.
Analytics Technologies
We use our own servers and third party technologies to
collect information about how you use our Services and how our Services are
operating on your computer or device, including details about performance and
errors.
Our servers collect data for specific events, such as
in-app purchases or breaking news reports. This data may include hardware or
device identifiers but does not include sensitive billing information. If you
participate in social features, such as submitting breaking news reports, the
data collected may be shown to other users of the app in connection with these
social features.
Third party analytics services, such as Flurry and
Crashlytics, are integrated into our Services to collect usage and error
information. This data is typically used in aggregate to help us understand how
users are using our Services and monitor the health of our Services. These
third party services may combine information collected from our Services with
information they have independently collected over time across different apps
and websites. These third party services may allow you to opt out of some or
all data collection independently of our Services.
C.
Advertising Networks
We use advertising in some of our Services to generate
revenue while making these Services available to you for free or at a reduced
cost. We show advertisements provided by third party ad networks in some of our
Services, and we may also use ad networks to advertise our Services via third
parties.
Our Services integrates with ad serving technologies
that may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to
personalize and deliver ads to you. These technologies collect and use
information to serve advertising and track results such as the effectiveness of
an advertising campaign.
Information collected by ad serving technologies
includes:
Device or hardware identifiers, such as Advertising ID
Which ad was served, where it appeared, and for how long
it was visible
Details about the ad request, including IP address
Details about the ad response, including status or error
codes
Third party ad networks may combine information
collected from our Services with information they have independently collected
over time across different apps and websites. This information may be used to
measure the effectiveness of ads and provide personalized, targeted ads that
may be of interest to you.
You can opt out of interest-based advertising on mobile
applications by changing the privacy settings of your device. For Apple iOS,
enable the "limit ad tracking" option. For Android, select the "opt
out of interest-based ads" or similar option.
3.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information for the purposes of operating, supporting,
improving, and personalizing our Services, including:
To enable online features and updates
To enable social features, such as breaking news
     reports
To communicate with you, such as responding to
     customer support inquiries by e-mail
To comply with our legal obligations, and to enforce
     our agreements and policies
To monitor the health of our Services, including any
     errors that occur
To understand usage patterns and behavior that can
     help us enhance your experience using our Services
To detect and prevent fraudulent activity
To remember your preferences and deliver relevant
     content
To serve relevant advertisements and provide targeted
     offers, rewards, or discounts
4.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with third
parties for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share your information with third party service
providers, including ad networks and data processing services for analytics and
error reporting. We may also share your information with third parties that
manage social features (such as game stats or leaderboards) and for other uses
described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share your information with law enforcement
agencies or other third parties if we believe disclosure is required by law or
is reasonably necessary to enforce our legal rights or to protect your vital
interests or those of any third party.
We may share your information with third parties in
connection with any proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of our Services
or any part of our business. In the event of an actual purchase, merger, or
acquisition, we may transfer all information we collect to the relevant third
party and will obtain your consent if required by law.
5.
AGE LIMIT
We do not knowingly collect personally identifying
information from children under 13 years of age.
6.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to third-party
websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external
services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to
leave our Services, any information you provide to these third parties is not
covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy
of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any
third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices
(if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those
steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your
information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security
practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or
applications that may be linked to or from our Services.
7.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We
will update the "Last Updated" time at the top of this page when we
make changes.
8.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy
Policy, please e-mail us at: support@logicord.com