PalmeraLabs - Android Apps Privacy Policy
PalmeraLabs - Android Apps Privacy Policy
Data Collection
Palmera Labs apps do not collect any sensitive data from the user that should be protected.
The only data that could be considered personal is the email we collect through contact forms in case you need to reach us. And it is collected just for the purpose of contacting the user in any subsequent messages. Also your email does not get stored on databases, the contact form just sends a message to our email and we delete the email as soon as the issue is solved.
On the other hand some apps may connect to a PalmeraLabs server to request additional info for the app, this information is information about other PalmeraLabs apps. This action generates automatic anonymous logs on the server, but they are periodically deleted to save space. Also this log do not contain any personal data, just data about the connection.
Partners Data Collection
Palmera Labs use third party advertising and analytic services, such as admob, google and its partners. They realize profiling based on users location, app activity, app performance and device id.
All possible data collected by third party partners are encrypted while in transit.
Data Privacy
In any case, any data stored in the server (log data) by Palmera Labs follows the privacy policy guidelines by former Spanish Law (LOPD) and GDPR. Aso follows the new safe harbor policy, the EU-US Privacy Shield.
Third party partners for advertising and analytics follow the industry and politic regulations such as RGPD for data privacy and security.
If you want to read data information for any specific app, you can read the it in the about and data section in the android app page in google play website.
Phone Features required
The features requested depend on the utility of the app. This list includes all permissions that could be requested by our apps.
Internet and network access: to send contact forms and display advertising.
Camera access: We use the camera to take pictures and videos so you can transform and edit the videos and the images. They do not get uploaded to any server, only to the external third party sharing services you want to use.
Read/Write storage: usually requested to ask for user pictures and files to interact with the app. Also to save new files and pictures generated with our app.
Push Noifications (GCM Cloud): To send the user notifications via internet. Although we don't do push notifications.
In App Billing: to perform purchases on digital goods.
Some of our old apps making use of the "PhoneGap" framework for old android versions requested a full list of permissions including:  microphone (RECORD_AUDIO), accounts (GET_ACCOUNTS), contacts & phone. These permissions were only requested due to the nature of the framework "PhoneGap" but the apps don't make use of the features involved with the permissions themselves.
Payments
In some apps in-app purchases (in-app billing) can be made to get access to more content or to more features (such as no displaying ads).
In some others you may be required to buy the app to use it.
In any case, refund is available. If you want a refund you can contact us through palmeralabs@gmail.com with your purchase id and ask for a refund.
Data Protection Officer
Carlos Rubio Martí - ES20045378G - Pintor Sorolla 46400 Cullera - palmeralabs@gmail.com
Updating, modifying, deleting data
Since there's no personal data stored in databases, there's no need to request update or deletion of such data.
Ads
We display ads in most of our apps through google admob platform, which is responsible of the content of the displayed ad based on their network.
Ads can be in banner or interstitial form, and we try to comply all admob rules. At some point some app could not comply due to admob policy updates, but we work actively to update the apps acordingly to the new policies.
Also apps are being adapted to comply with GDPR with tools available from google designed to comply with such regulation. They let you modify your ads preferences.
Contact
You can contact us for any other question, clarification or comment to palmeralabs@gmail.com, we'll be glad to help you