Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated:December 16, 2022
Security and privacy are at the heart of what we do. Accordingly, we think it’s important to be transparent about what we do with your information and how we handle it.  This Privacy Policy describes how we process and handle data provided to us in connection with your use of our products, services, apps, and websites that link to this policy (we refer to these collectively as our “services”).
We do not collect logs of your activity, including browsing history, traffic data, data content or DNS queries. We also never store connection logs, which means your IP address, connection time, or session duration are not logged.
1.Information transfer
Our services are located around the world, therefore, your data will be transmitted through our global servers, which may not be located in your country of residence. We rely on certain third-party service providers to enable us to provide you with our services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.
You acknowledge and understand that your information will be transferred in accordance with the instructions, which is necessary to provide our services and to comply with our terms of service.
2.About Cookies
Cookies :
Cookies are small portions of text that are stored on the device you use to access our services. Cookies enable us (or third parties that we allow to set cookies on your device) to recognize repeat users. Cookies may expire after a period of time, depending on what they are used for.
Pixel Tags / Page Tags / Web Beacons / Tracking Links :
These are small, hidden images and blocks of code placed in web pages, ads, and our emails that allow us to determine if you perform a specific action. When you access a page, ad, or email, or click a link, these items let us know that you have accessed that page, opened an email, or clicked a link.
SDKs:
SDKs or software development kits are software code provided by our business partners that let our software interact with the services those partners provide. For example, in certain of our mobile apps, we may use an SDK to enable our app to serve ads from an advertising network. Sometimes these interactions will involve that business partner collecting some information from the device on which the software is run.
3. Why we use Cookies
To provide our services:
Some cookies are essential for the proper operation of our services. For example, cookies allow us to authenticate who you are and whether you’re authorized to access a resource.
For analytics:
Cookies are used to inform us how users interact with our services so we can, as a legitimate interest, improve how they work (such as what screens or webpages you access, and whether our advertising is effective).
For advertising purposes. We advertise our services online with the help of third parties who show ads and marketing about us on sites around the internet.
4. Third Parties
We may allow our business partners to place certain tracking technologies in our services. These partners use these technologies for the following purposes:
For Analytics：
To help us understand how you use our services.
For Marketing：
To help us market and advertise our services to you, including on third party websites. Cookies are used in connection with this to measure the performance of our advertising, attribute actions you take with our ads with actions you take on our services, deliver ad retargeting (serving ads based on your past interactions with our services), and target ads at similar audiences.
To Serve Ads：
Ad networks may use these technologies to display ads which they think will be more relevant to you. For more information, please see the “Displaying Advertisements” section above.
5. Security
We employ a range of administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect your data against unauthorized access, loss, or modification. We continuously work to improve such safeguards.
6. Data Retention
We generally retain your personal data for as long as is needed to provide the services to you, or for as long as you have an account with us. We may also retain personal data if required by law, or for our legitimate interests, such as abuse detection and prevention, and defending ourselves from legal claims. Residual copies of personal data may be stored in backup systems as a security measure to protect against data loss. Subject to the foregoing, where your personal data is no longer required, we will ensure it is either securely deleted or stored in a way that means it will no longer be usable by us.
7. Age Restrictions
Our services are not intended for and may not be used by minors. In this context, minors are individuals under the age of 16 (or such lower age as may be applicable in a jurisdiction). We do not knowingly collect personal data from minors or allow them to use our services. If we discover that we have collected personal data from a minor, we may delete such data without notice.
8.Changes to Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in accordance with this section for reasons such as changes in laws, industry standards, and business practices. We will post updates to this page and update the “Last updated” date above. If we make updates that materially alter your privacy rights, we will also make reasonable efforts to provide you with advance notice, such as via email or through the services. If you disagree with such an update to this policy, you may cancel your services account. If you do not cancel your account before the date the update becomes effective, your continued use of our services will be subject to the updated Privacy Policy.
9.contact us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy and how we handle your information, please feel free to contact us at the following email address: romobrianexquided@gmail.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse