Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWe care about the security of your personal data. This Privacy Policy is designed to ensure that your data is protected when you use or access any game, application or other
Mods / Addons PE Studio
digital content.
By using our Services, you consent to the collection and processing of your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information or use the Services.
This Privacy Policy (in conjunction with the Terms of Use) establishes the rules on the basis of which we process personal data that we receive from you or that you provide to us through the Services.
If you have questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, contact us at:
chana_everydev@aol.com
In this Privacy Policy, the terms “
Mods / Addons PE Studio
” / “we” / “our” / “us” mean Team MUZE PE SKINS Developers, and “you” / “your” mean you as a user of our Services.
1. AGE RESTRICTIONSWe do not intentionally collect personal data of children under 18 years of age. If you are under 18, please do not provide us with any personal data.
2. PERSONAL DATA WHICH WE CAN COLLECTStatistics on actions and trends that do not personally identify you. Such data includes data about your mobile device and your use of our Services, including the unique device identifier (UDID), international mobile equipment identifier (IMEI), Android ID, device MAC address, social network ID, advertising ID for the platform Android, IDFA ad ID, operating system type, timestamps, data about downloaded applications, traffic, location.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1 We use information about you as follows:
3.1.1 to ensure optimal operation of the Services for you and your device;
3.1.2 to identify you when using the Services;
3.1.3 to answer your questions and improve the Services;
3.1.4 to notify about changes in the operation of our Services;
3.1.5 in order to provide you with information about updates and other special offers and new features of our Services; and
3.1.6 for advertising purposes, if you agree to this, leaving this option in the settings of your device (see the settings of your device); You can withdraw your consent by contacting us.
4. WHO CAN YOUR PERSONAL DATA BE TRANSFERRED
4.1 We may transfer your personal data to third parties in the following cases:
4.1.1 for promotional purposes;
4.1.2 to our partners and service providers for the following purposes: to manage or administer certain aspects of our Services; for analysis purposes; to improve our services;
4.1.3 to protect the rights, property or security of us or other users of the Services;
4.1.4 in cases when we are obliged or allowed by law; or
4.1.5 if we (or virtually all of our assets) are acquired by a third party, in which case the personal data of our users, who we own, will be one of the transferred assets.
We may transfer to third parties generalized information about how our users use our Services, but such information does not include data that allows you to personally identify you.
5. WHERE WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5.1 We take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have. Access to your personal data is obtained only by those persons who, in our opinion, should really familiarize themselves with them as part of their work activities.
5.2 The information we receive from you may be transferred and may be stored in a place outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It can also be processed by our employees, as well as employees of one of our subsidiaries or a third party engaged by us working outside the EEA. By submitting your personal data to us, you consent to such transfer, storage or processing. We will take all reasonable steps necessary to ensure the safety of your personal data in all these cases in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet cannot be completely secure. Although we take all measures to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the protection of your information transmitted to us within our Services, and you accept the risks of such transfer.
5.4 By submitting your personal data to us, you agree that we will keep your data for as long as necessary (up to 5 years) in order to ensure the operation of any of the services we provide or to perform
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify users by means of a notice on our website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Powered by
Create your own unique website with customizable templates.
Get Started
Home
Privacy Policy