Picmax Studio - Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Picmax Studio
Home
Cupace
Privacy Policy
Wemoji
Privacy Policy
Facebook User Deletion Instruction
Picmax Studio
Wemoji Privacy Policy
Wemoji Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and thus we have prepared this Privacy Policy document explaining our policy regarding your privacy for this mobile application namely, Wemoji. Wemoji respects the privacy of it’s users and is committed to protect it in all respects.
User Information
At Wemoji, we are keenly aware of privacy of our users and as part of this responsibility, we are not collecting any personally identifiable user information for the purpose of this app. The application anonymously sends some data to third party sites like Google Analytics and Crashlytics. These data are to be used for analytics and crash reporting purposes aimed at improving overall experience of the user.
Link to third party applications
Wemoji provides option to share edited images using third party social applications such as Facebook, Google+, Twitter etc. Such applications are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you share your image using these applications, use of any information provided by you is governed by the privacy policy of these Application. If you can’t find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the Application’s homepage, you should contact the Application directly for more information.
Information Sharing
Wemoji does not share any personal identifiable information to any third party.
Information Security
Wemoji takes does not collect or gather any user information and thus may not need to take any measure to protect against any unauthorized access to user’s data.
Change in Privacy Policy
Wemoji may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. If we change our policy for any reason, we will update the 'Last updated' date at the bottom of this page.
Complaints
Any complaints or request or concerns for reporting any abuse of laws or breach of any privacy policy may be taken up by sending an email to ivanharson@gmail.com.
Last Updated : December 16, 2018
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse