Blossom Г©ЕЎВҗГ§В§ВҒГҰвҖқВҝГ§ВӯвҖ“
Blossom
Privacy Policy
Blossom respects and protects the privacy of all users. To provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the platform will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. But the platform will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, the platform will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. The platform will update this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to the Platform Service Usage Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the full content of this Privacy Policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the platform service usage protocol.
1.
Special Note about Sensitive Personal Information
Please note that content and information that you input to Blossom , such as photographs or the tags you posted about your sexual orientation, may constitute sensitive personal information in certain jurisdictions. Sensitive information is subject to stricter regulation than other types of personal information. Before revealing any sensitive personal information in Blossom , please consider whether it is appropriate to do so. By using Blossom , you agree that all processing activities of sensitive personal information are for the purposes and in the manner as described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that we do not use your sensitive personal information for the purpose of making direct marketing unless agreed by you.
2.Description of offensive information
-Users shall not post offensive contents such as pornographic pictures or pornographic video or text pictures endangering national security or discriminating against or hurting others
-If we find users Posting objectionable content, we will delete the report of objectionable content within 24 hours and provide users who provide the offending content to relevant departments
-If you do not like someone or someth
ing, you can report it, and we will deal with it within 24 hours
-If you do not like a certain person or a certain content can be pulled into the blacklist, you can no longer appear this content or person
3. Scope of application
A) When you use the platform network service or access the platform, the platform automatically receives and records your browser information, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, hardware and software characteristics information and records of your needs;
B) User personal data obtained by the platform from business partners through legal channels.
4. Information Use
A) Platform will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless prior permission is obtained from you or the third party and platform (including platform affiliates) provide services to you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, access will be prohibited, including previously accessible ones. All this information.
B) The platform also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell, or distribute your personal information free of charge. If any platform user engages in the above activities, once found, our company has the right to terminate the service agreement with that user immediately.
C) For the purpose of serving users, the platform may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest, including, but not limited to, products and services, or to share information with our partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).
5. Information disclosure. In the following cases, the platform will disclose all or part of your personal information according to your personal wishes or legal provisions:
A) Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent.
B) To provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with third parties.
C) Disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial bodies in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of administrative or judicial bodies.
D) If you violate relevant Chinese laws, regulations or platform service agreements or related rules, you need to disclose them to a third party.
E) If you are a qualified intellectual property complaint and have lodged a complaint, you should disclose it to the respondent at the request of the respondent so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes.
F) Disclosures that other platforms deem appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations, or platform policies.
6. Information Storage and Exchange The information and information about you collected by Blossom will be stored on the platform and/or the servers of its affiliated companies, which may be transmitted to your country, region or platform to collect information and information abroad and be accessed, stored and displayed abroad.
7. Information Security
A) Platform account has security protection function, please properly keep your username and password information. The platform will ensure that your information is not lost, abused, and altered by encrypting user passwords and other security measures. Despite the security measures,
please also note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
Privacy policy
We will not collect and store any information from your social network in any form or sell it to advertisements or other operators.
Privacy Policy Provisions
Using this Blossom means that you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this App. We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or delete any part of this policy at any time when we decide to do so. Please visit this page regularly for any modifications. If you continue to use our Blossom , any subsequent changes to these terms will mean that you have accepted these adjustments.
Contact
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or any privacy-related matters, please contact us via email at
wmapp1129@gmail.com