Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Speed Booster cares about the privacy of your personal information and is committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you and why, what we do with this information and what we do with it.
Information that enables us to directly or indirectly identify you is considered personal data in the European Union (EU) under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). To the extent we collect and process any personal data covered by the EU GDPR, we will do so in accordance with the EU GDPR. The data protection principles do not apply to anonymous information, i.e. information that is not related to an identified or identifiable natural person, or information that is not related to personal data so that the data subject cannot or is no longer identifiable.
Generally, you can access Speed Booster on the web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. To the extent you provide information to Speed Booster, Speed Booster will never sell, rent or disclose your personally identifiable information to outside parties for external marketing purposes without your consent. With your permission, Speed Booster may send you emails about our new products, upgrades, or selections of third-party products. We will not disclose your personally identifiable information to such third parties.
Types of information we collect from you
Speed Booster only collects the personal information necessary to conduct transactions with the individuals associated with this information. The type of personal information that Speed Booster collects will depend on the specific transaction we have with you. In general, however, we collect and store personal information about current and potential customers, our third-party service providers and suppliers, and job applicants.
Generally, Speed Booster collects personal information directly from relevant individuals. For example, from time to time we may need to collect information from you through our website. This usually involves filling out a form so you can download or order Speed Booster or third-party products from our website.
Speed Booster may also collect personal information about individuals indirectly from third parties (such as our business partners, third-party providers of marketing lists) and through a variety of other methods, including cookies, IP address, system information and so on.
With the exception of cookies, none of these methods can be used to identify or reasonably identify you. Cookies can optionally store information that you can enter on our website.
Use of user information
We intend to support your relationship with Speed Booster by designing content that suits your needs and alerting you when new products and services are available. Speed Booster may retain this user information to verify compliance with agreements between Speed Booster and your employer, track people's visits to our domain, create user profiles to better serve you, or simply electronically or other methods. If you decide that we should not use your personal user information to contact you, please let us know and we will not use this information for this purpose.
Disclosure of user information
Speed Booster does not sell, trade or transfer user information to third parties. However, we may share user information with business partners for marketing, advertising or product/service offering purposes. We will disclose user information if: we need to share it to provide you with the products and/or services you have requested; we will respond to a court order, or you violate our terms of use. You may separately agree to provide your personal information to third parties who provide content for Speed Booster products in order to access and/or use their products and/or services. If you agree to provide such third parties with such information, your personal information will be governed by their privacy policies. In the event of a personal data breach, we will undue delay and, where practicable, notify the supervisory authority and communicate the personal data breach to the data subject within 72 hours of becoming aware of the personal data breach.
Accuracy and Safety
The accuracy and security of user information is very important to Speed Booster. If you contact us to correct your user information, we will endeavour to correct such errors in a timely manner. You have the right to fill in incomplete personal data, including providing supplementary declarations. Speed Booster cares about the security of your user information and is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorized access and use of this personal information. We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, including pseudonymisation and encryption of personal data. We also have appropriate physical, electronic and administrative policies and procedures in place to protect your personal user information. We will continue to implement procedures to maintain accurate, complete and up-to-date user information. Although we implement security measures designed to protect your user information, no security system is impenetrable, and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee transmission over the Internet or storage on our systems or by us. The data is correct and absolutely cannot be misappropriated by others. We will continue to implement procedures to maintain accurate, complete and up-to-date user information. Although we implement security measures designed to protect your user information, no security system is impenetrable, and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee transmission over the Internet or storage on our systems or by us. The data is correct and absolutely cannot be misappropriated by others. We will continue to implement procedures to maintain accurate, complete and up-to-date user information. Although we implement security measures designed to protect your user information, no security system is impenetrable, and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee transmission over the Internet or storage on our systems or by us. The data is correct and absolutely cannot be misappropriated by others.
Use cookies
Speed Booster uses "cookies". The use of cookies is industry standard and you can find cookies on most major websites. Cookies are small data files that a website can transfer to a visitor's hard drive to save a visit to the website. Cookies contain information such as your user information, which can help us identify the pages you have visited and improve future visits, but cookies can only contain the personal information you provide. Cookies cannot read data on your hard drive or read cookie files created by other websites. If you do not want to accept cookies, you can set your web browser to refuse all cookies or to warn you before accepting cookies. Even if you do not accept cookies, you can still access most features on our website.
Links to other websites
Speed Booster's website provides links to other third-party websites. Even if a third party is associated with Speed Booster through a business partnership or otherwise, Speed Booster is not responsible for such external privacy policies or practices or content, and you have certain options and controls over our processing of your information. You may have certain rights with respect to the personal information we collect about you. These rights include the right to request access to the data we hold about you, or to obtain a copy of your personal information in a machine-readable format, to request the deletion or correction of any inaccurate personal information. Based on your relationship with Speed Booster (for example, if you are a user or business partner), we provide you with corrections, modifications, updates or deletions of your personal information that we have collected, and objection to the collection or choice - for purposes of Sexual advertising. You also have the right to ask us to restrict the way we process your personal information, or to object to the processing of your personal data, at any time for reasons relevant to your specific situation. We will no longer process personal data unless we demonstrate compelling legal reasons that go beyond the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject. If you would like to make a request, please contact support at big Speed Booster. com. However, we may need to retain certain information in order to keep records, complete transactions, or to comply with our legal obligations.
Children
Speed Booster do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our website or services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this policy by instructing children not to provide personal information through the Site or Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information through the Site or Services, please contact support at hanesleah98@gmail.com
Third-party Partners’ Privacy Policy
Here we list the links to the third-party partners’ privacy policy. Please note that these policies are governed by the third parties and we have no control over them. Check the following links to get details about how user data is collected, used and shared.
（1）Google Admob & Firebase
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook Audience Network & Facebook Analytics
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We have revised our website privacy policy to keep it current with Speed Booster products, services and web pages. We will notify you of any changes we make by posting an updated version of this policy on our website. All changes posted this way will take effect. We also publish frequently asked questions about specific products from time to time.
Contact us for privacy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, how our software or website is used, or want to make a complaint about how we have handled it, you can contact: hanesleah98@gmail.com
We will investigate any written complaints received and will do our best to resolve them as quickly as possible.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse