PRIVACY POLICY of AppBasic- Advaced Android Apps & Games
Home
All Apps
Communication
Personalization
Entertainment
Photography
Productivity
Music & Audio
Travel & Local
Tools
PRIVACY POLICY FOR APPBASIC
APPBASIC is committed to providing fun and exciting digital entertainment across all its applications available on various devices such as Smartphones, tablets, and desktops. APPBASIC respects the privacy concerns of all users.
Thus, we at APPBASIC have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. The following reveals our information gathering and dissemination practices. By accessing and/or using APPBASIC website you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT
We may collect any personal information which specifically identifies you as an individual and might include your Name, Email Address, Mailing Addess, Phone Number.
APPBASIC will utilize your personal information to notify you about updates on the website, communicate with you regarding your account OR to provide you with news, promotions and special offers
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT
We may collect non-personal information like
IP Address when a user accesses APPBASIC
Information about your computer such as hardware, software, platform and mobile device
Anonymous information like user's activities on our websites
The above privacy policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through this website. By stating and promising the above privacy policies we hereby ensure that the site stays safe and fun for all our visitors.
Make sure to check our privacy policy frequently, since it is subjected to change, and your continued use of the site is conditional to your acceptance of any modifications hereto. By using our site you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
Will be more than happy to hear any comments, questions or suggestions from you. Also, if you have any concerns regarding our privacy policy, feel free to .
Send Mail
Most Played Games
Garden Photo Frames
Police Suit
Waterfall Photo Frames
Rain Forest Sounds
Shapes Memory Game
Colors Memory Game Free
Solar System Calculator
Bodyparts Memory Game Free
Animals Memory Game
Copyright © 2014 AppBasic - All Rights Reserved
Any use of this site is subject to the
PRIVACY POLICY
of
AppBasic.