3D Parallax Wallpaper
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
3D Parallax Wallpaper
Privacy Policy
This app is committed to protecting consumer privacy online. We believe that greater protection of personal privacy on the Web will not only protect our users, but also increase users confidence and ultimately their participation in online activities. The purpose of our policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you when you visit our site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of the information. The app strives to offer its visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an interactive and personalized experience. By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy and Terms of use.
1. What Kind Of Information We Collect
1.1 We do not collect information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use the App, the Services and/or the Site, including without limitation, your names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, information stored within your devices.
1.2 We may collect non-personal information about installed applications, application usage information and device information and operation system information。These non-personal information may include: the brand of you device, device’s model, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, the system version installed in your device, your local time zone, the location of your device and other information that is related to your device or the operation system of your device.
1.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may collect certain information from you when you submit us any queries, complaints, opinions or feedback in relation to the Launcher or Services. Please note under these cases some of the information we collected are personal identifiable, e.g. your name, email address, contact number.
2. How We Use Collected Information
2.1 We will only use the information collected from you for the following purposes:
➢ analyze trends and preference;
➢ create statistical data in analyzing user behavior;
➢ tailor the wallpapers and themes according to your preference;
➢ develop new content and function of the App;
➢ provide advertisement across the Services;
➢ improve user experience;
➢ respond to use inquiry and complaints;
➢ maintain and streamline our Services; and monitor compliance with the rules and laws governing the Services.
We don't sell, rent or disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Notice Concerning Children
If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. We encourage parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children’s online experience at all times. We do not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 13. If you believe our App has inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
Changes in Privacy Policy
This app reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice at the Site explaining that we are changing our Privacy Policy.
Contacting the Site
This information is used to respond directly to your questions or comments. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us here .
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse