Permodalan Nasional Berhad - Disclaimer
BM
ENG
OUR INVESTMENTS
INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY & PROCESS
STRATEGIC ASSET ALLOCATION
Public Equity Investments
FIXED INCOME INVESTMENTS
PRIVATE INVESTMENTS
REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS
Our Story
CORPORATE INFORMATION
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
VALUE CHAIN
Leadership
Corruption-Free Environment
REMINISCING ON THE JOURNEY
Unit Trust & REIT
Amanah Saham Nasional Berhad
Pelaburan Hartanah Nasional Berhad
SUSTAINABILITY
STEWARDSHIP
Community
Financial Literacy
Education
Community Upliftment
Knowledge Sharing Initiatives
Media Centre
Annual Reports
Press Releases
Video
Reach Us
Enquiries
Join Us
Procurement
BM
ENG
DISCLAIMER
Home
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions of Access
THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND/OR ANY OTHER DIGITAL PLATFORMS OWNED BY PERMODALAN NASIONAL BERHAD (PNB). YOUR CONTINUED ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND/OR ANY OTHER DIGITAL PLATFORMS OWNED BY PNB SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
General
The website is provided on an “as is” basis and for general information only. Nothing on this website should be taken to constitute professional advice or a formal recommendation. While the content of this website is provided in good faith, we do not warrant that the information will be kept up to date. Whilst every care is taken to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the contents of this website and/or any other digital platforms owned by PNB (including but not limited to all information, data, representations, statements, hyperlinks and documents found herein), the parties involved in this website and/or any other digital platforms owned by PNB make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy nor suitability of use for any purpose whatsoever of such contents NOR as to the accuracy or reliability of any sources from which the same is derived (whether as credited or otherwise). PNB and other parties involved in this website and/or any other digital platforms owned by PNB hereby expressly disclaim any and all liability connected with or arising from the use of the contents of this website and/or any other digital platforms owned by PNB.
This website and/or any other digital platforms owned by PNB are not intended to constitute an offer to sell or an invitation or solicitation to offer to sell any product or service. PNB makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the accuracy of this website and/or its other digital platforms owned by PNB or the contents thereof and disclaims all such representations and warranties. Whilst efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information, PNB makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the information and related graphics published on this website and/or other digital platforms owned by PNB. The information contained on this website and/or any other digital platforms owned by PNB may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.
All liabilities of PNB howsoever arising (whether in contract or tort) for any such inaccuracies or errors are expressly excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Products or services mentioned in this website and/or any other digital platforms owned by PNB are subject to legal and regulatory requirements in applicable jurisdiction and may not be available in all jurisdictions. Please consult your advisers or the authorised representatives of PNB for further information.
Access to the Site
The use of this website and/or other digital platforms owned by PNB is entirely at the user’s risk, for which PNB shall not be liable. PNB will use reasonable efforts to make its website and/or other digital platforms owned by PNB and the contents thereof, available to users. PNB does not however warrant or represent that access to its website and/or other digital platforms owned by PNB will be uninterrupted, reliable or fault free. PNB reserves the right in its sole discretion to deny users access to its website and/or other digital platforms owned by PNB or any part of thereof without notice and PNB may decline to provide access to any user that is in breach of the terms and conditions of use.
Linked Websites
Certain links on this website and/or other digital platforms owned by PNB will lead you to third party websites or pages that are not under the control of PNB (Third Party Sites). Use of these links to Third Party Sites are at users’ own risk. The contents, accuracy, opinion expressed and other links provided at these Third-Party Sites are not investigated, verified, monitored, or endorsed by PNB. Users should be aware that these Third-Party Sites are maintained and operated locally and the contents and use of such Third-Party Sites may be governed by the laws and regulations of countries other than Malaysia and subject to other conditions of use or privacy policies of these Third-Party Sites. For further information, please contact the relevant parties stated on the Third-Party Sites.
Copyright, Trademarks
All contents on this website and/or other digital platforms owned by PNB including but not limited to the text, design, and graphics (collectively, “PNB Materials”) are protected by copyright. Permission is granted to copy portions of PNB Materials electronically and print in hard copy solely for users’ personal use. Any other use of PNB Materials (including reproduction for person(s) other than those noted above and alteration, modification, distribution or republication) without prior written permission of PNB is strictly prohibited.
PNB and/or other parties own the trademarks and logos displayed on this website and/or other digital platforms owned by PNB and users are prohibited from using such trademarks and logos without prior written permission of PNB and/or other such relevant parties.
Click
here
to read more about PNB Personal Data Protection Policy and Privacy Notice.
Permodalan Nasional Berhad
Level 4, Balai PNB
201-A, Jalan Tun Razak
50400 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Follow us
Instagram
LinkedIn
Facebook
Youtube
CONTACT US
Contact
Email
Whistleblowing
Sitemap
|
Disclaimer
© Copyright 2019 Permodalan Nasional Berhad (197801001190 (38218-X). All Rights Reserved.