CT VPN – Safety & Privacy on Mobile. Browse Freely.
Overview
Check My IP
GET THE APP
en
de
fr
es
it
ru
pt
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Mobile App
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We respect your personal information and your right to privacy. If you
have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the way we use
your personal information, you can contact us at
[email protected]
.
CryptoCompany OU (“CryptoCompany”, “
we
”,
“
us
”, or “
our
”) is the owner the product
you are now using, including but not limited to our websites, our apps,
software, and anything else associated with our company further referred
to as Products. By accessing or using our Products you trust us with your
personal information. CryptoCompany puts your privacy above all. Please,
take a moment to read through this Privacy Policy (further as Policy) to
understand the way we collect and disclose your Personal Information. By
using our Products, you give us consent to use your personal information
as described below. If you find any terms of this Policy unacceptable for
you, we ask you to stop using our Products immediately. This Policy
applies to all personal information that we collect through our Products
as well as any related services, sales, marketing, or events. This Policy
is regulated by EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (GDPR). GDPR
requires that personal information collected from users will be used
transparently and in accordance with the law. The personal information we
collect is used only for the purposes clearly described in this Policy. We
guarantee that your personal information will be kept secure and only as
long as necessary for the purposes described in this statement.
Definitions
"
Personal Information
" as used in this Policy means any
information relating to a person, for example, you. Personal Information
may include name, identification number, location data, an online
identifier, or any information you share with us.
Information we collect
Personal Information you give us
Quick overview: The information that you decide to disclose to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when
you register an account in our Products or when you use them without
registration, express an interest in our company, decide to purchase our
Products or features inside of them, when you participate in activities
related to our products, or when you contact us.
The type of Personal Information collected depends on the way you interact
with our Products, the features you activate, and the choices you make
when interacting with our Products in any way. Personal Information we
collect may include the following:
Personal Information
Provided by You
. We may
collect information that you use to interact with our Products, such as
identifications from Google Play Market.
Payment data
. We may collect data required to process
your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment method
identification number (such as credit card number), and the security code
associated with your payment method. All payment information is handled by
payment method providers. You can find more information on their websites
when performing a transaction.
Promotion channels information
. For promotion purposes,
we may ask you to provide us your email address or request permission to
use push notifications on your device. This is what we call promotion
channels, and we may send out emails or push notifications to announce our
services, functions, researches, news, promotions, contests, and events.
We may use a third-party email or push notification service provider
to send out emails or to communicate better with our customers. For
a smoother communication, we may share information, such as your email
address, to the service provider for this limited purpose only.
Personal information collected automatically
Quick overview: some information – such as your Internet Protocol (IP)
address and/or browser and device characteristics – is automatically
collected when you use our Products.
When you visit, use, or navigate the Products we can collect some
information that is not specific to your identity. It may include
information about your device and Product usage, such as your IP address,
browser and device characteristics, operating system, language
preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information
about who and when you use our Products, and other technical information.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and
operation of our Products, for our internal analytics and reporting
purposes, and your identification as a user.
Similar to many other companies we also collect information through
cookies and similar technologies.
The examples of automatically collected information may include the
following:
Usage and log information
. Usage and log information is
necessary for the proper work of our Products, it includes diagnostics
and performance information and is automatically collected by our
Products. Depending on your activity in our Products, this usage
information may include your IP address, device information, your
browser, settings, and information about your interaction with our
Products (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage,
pages, and files viewed, searches and actions you perform or features
you use), device information (such as system activity, error reports
(also known as crash dumps) and hardware settings).
Device Information
. Device information means such
information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use
to access our Products. The type of information and the amount collected
may vary depending on the type of device you use to access the Products.
Device information may include information such as your IP address (or
proxy server), your device’s unique advertisement or application IDs,
location, browser type, hardware model, internet service provider,
mobile carrier, operating system configuration information.
Location Information
. Location information is
information about your device’s location, which can be precise and
imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type of
settings of the device you use to access the Products. For example, we
may use GPS, IP address, cellular network, or similar technologies to
find out your geolocation that tells us the location of the device you
use to access our Products.
Push Notifications
. We may request to send you push
notifications regarding your account or certain features of our apps. If
you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you
may turn them off in your device's or apps’ settings.
Collecting information about minors
By our Products, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are
the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor
dependent’s use of our Products. Because our Products are not intended for
people under 18 years of age, we inform you that we will not use their
Personal Information and delete it immediately if we find out that our
Products are being used by someone under 18 years of age. If you think
that we possess Personal Information of people under 18 years of age,
please contact us at
[email protected]
.
How we use yuor personal information
Quick overview: We will only use your Personal Information upon your
consent, to comply with laws and regulations, to provide you with
services, or to fulfill business obligations.
We use personal information collected via our Products to achieve our
legitimate business interests, to enter or fulfill a contract with you
with your consent, and/or to comply with anti-money laundering and
terrorist financing laws and other legal regulations. Your personal
information may also be required to maintain the security and operation of
our apps, for troubleshooting, our internal analytics and reporting
purposes, promotion, notification about new features and events. We
indicate the specific purposes for using your Personal Information below.
We collect or request your personal information to:
Request and post feedback
. We may use your Personal
Information to request and post your feedback about our Products, which
may contain your personal information. All feedback requests require
your mandatory consent to be posted and to use your Personal
Information. If you wish to update or delete your feedback, please
contact us at
[email protected]
with details about the location of the feedback and your contact
information.
Manage user accounts
. We may use your Personal
Information to create, edit, manage access to user accounts, protect
legal interests, or enforce moderation of the accounts.
Inform you
. We may use your Personal Information to
inform you about your billing account status, new features, and
products, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To protect our Products, your data, and/or Digital Assets
. We may use your Personal Information to fulfill legal requests from
authorities, to enforce other policies (such as anti-money laundering
policy), or to monitor fraudulent activity.
Execute and manage your orders
. We may use your
Personal Information to fulfill your orders, payments, refunds, and
exchange requests within our Products.
Reward winners
. We may use your Personal Information to
reward winners when you choose to take part in competitions or similar
events.
Provide you the requested service
. We may use your
Personal Information to provide you the requested service or function,
respond to issues you reported, solve requests you submitted, and
provide support.
Send you marketing and promotional communications
. We
may use your Personal Information to deliver you marketing and
promotional communications.
Deliver targeted advertisement to you
. We may use your
Personal Information to create and deliver you content and advertisement
based on your interests or location, monitor its’ effectiveness.
For other business purposes
. We may use your Personal
Information for other business purposes, such as data review or
analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our
promotional and marketing campaigns, evaluation, and improvement of your
experience, our Products, services, and their functions. We may use and
store this information in an aggregated and anonymized form so that it
will not be possible to deduct the personality of end-users. We will not
use identifiable personal information without your consent.
Cookie usage and similar tracking technologies
Quick overview: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to
collect and store your information.
Cookies represent small strings of text that are generated by our server,
stored in your browser, and used to identify you in certain ways. Most
browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can
usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject
cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could
affect our Products in different ways.
There are several types of cookies that can be used for different
purposes, but they can be divided into basic categories such as:
Basic cookies. Such cookies are necessary for the operation of our
Products. These cookies are used, for example, to log into secure areas
of our website, use a dashboard, shopping cart, billing services, or
manage digital assets.
Service cookies. They allow us to detect and count the number of people
using our Products, using our website, or interacting with them. These
cookies help us analyze and improve our Products, monitor the
statistics, and troubleshoot any issues as soon as they appear.
Functionality cookies. These cookies let us identify you so we could
serve you our Products. They are also required for personalized
functions, notifications, and content, to tie all the Personal
Information received from you together for better personalized service,
and remember your preferences (such as your regional or language
settings
Advertisement cookies. These cookies and similar tracking technologies
(like web beacons and pixels) may be used to deliver you personalized
advertisement based on your interests and activity. We may also share
your Personal Information obtained through such cookies with our
third-party advertisement partners.
Please note that third parties can use their own cookies. These
companies may use information about your activity on our websites or
interact with our other Products as well as other websites and products
that are stored in web cookies. We do not have control over these
cookies used by third parties such as advertising services or traffic
analytics services, we are responsible only for the cookies used by us.
You may disable the function to use Cookies in your browser’s menu,
however, this may result in you not being able to use all or part of the
services of our Products.
The cookies we use have various validity term, you can find out more about
our cookies by contacting us at
[email protected]
.
Transferring of your personal information
Quick overview: Your information may be stored, transferred, and processed
in countries other than the country of your residence.
Our main servers are located in EEA (European Economic Area), however, we
may partner with companies (for example, advertisement companies), who
have servers located worldwide. It means that some of your personal
information may be transferred, stored, and processed in countries outside
of EEA or the country of your residence. In each case, we do our best to
ensure the security of your Personal Information and trust it only to
partners in countries that can keep to our security standard.
When you are accessing our Products, please note that your information may
be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by
those third parties with whom we may share your personal information,
within EEA, and other countries.
How long we keep your information
Quick overview: We keep your Personal Information for as long as necessary
(or 30 days after it becomes unnecessary, forever, etc. how long do we
keep it?) to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless
otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your Personal Information for as long as it is required
for the purposes laid in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention
period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other
legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us to keep
your personal information for a longer time than the period in which users
have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal
information, we will either delete or anonymize such information or, if
this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has
been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal
information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is
possible.
Regardless of the above, we ask you to consider that no internet
transmission is 100% safe, and despite our best measures, we cannot
guarantee absolute protection of your Personal Information once it leaves
you and reaches us.
How we keep safe
Quick overview: We take appropriate security measures to ensure the safety
of Personal Information you disclose to us.
We have implemented serious security measures to ensure that your Personal
Information stays safe with us. We can guarantee that your Personal
Information stays safe with us. However, despite any safeguards, we cannot
guarantee that your Personal Information will be safe after it leaves you,
and before it reaches us. We cannot guarantee hackers, cybercriminals, or
other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security,
and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information.
Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, the
transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your
own risk. You should only access our Products within a secure environment.
If you suspect that Personal Information you have disclosed to us has been
compromised, in particular the account or password information, contact us
immediately at
[email protected]
.
Your privacy rights
Quick overview: Some regions such as the European Economic Area allow you
greater access to and control over your Personal Information, you may
review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
Some regions such as the European Economic Area give you broader control
of your Personal Information. The rights concerning your Personal
Information may include the right to:
Request access and receive a copy of your Personal Information;
Request cleanup or deletion;
Restrict the processing of your Personal Information;
Data portability (if applicable).
In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the
processing of your personal information. To make such a request, you can
contact our Data Protection Officer.
The person in charge of ensuring the security of your Personal Information
within our company is called Data Protection Officer. If you have any
questions regarding your Personal Information, the way we use, protect or
share it, want to request its removal or if you have any other questions
regarding this Policy, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at
[email protected]
.
This person is also the primary contact for Data Protection Supervisory
Authority inquiries.
If you a resident of the European Economic Area and you feel we may not be
adhering to the terms within this Privacy Policy or to raise a complaint,
you may contact an appropriate Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
You can opt-out of allowing us to collect and use your Personal
Information at any time, however, opting out may interfere with your
experience of using our Products or their certain functions, or make it
impossible for you to use our Products completely or partially.
You also have a right not to disclose your Personal Information to us. The
choice to provide your Personal Information to us is voluntary, however,
if you choose to do so, some of our Products and/or their features may not
be working properly. Besides, some of your Personal Information (such as
basic cookies, automatically collected information about your device,
etc.) may still be collected.
Place of your residence doesn’t affect your rights to manage the following
Personal Information:
Account information
. At any time, you can review or
change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Contacting us using the contact information provided.
Logging in to your account settings and updating your user account.
Cookies and similar technologies
. Most web browsers are
set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to
set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to
remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or
services of our Products.
Opting out of email marketing
. You can unsubscribe from
our marketing and promotion emails at any time by clicking on the
unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us. You will
then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we may still
communicate with you, for example, to send you service-related emails that
are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond
to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes. To otherwise
opt-out, you may:
Access your account settings and update your preferences.
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Opting out of push notifications
. You can always
completely or partially opt-out of receiving push notifications at any
time by configuring your device settings or managing notification settings
inside our Products. We may still send you some critical or service
notifications.
Updates to this notice
Quick overview: We will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant
with the relevant laws.
We leave the right to amend the terms of this Policy at any time to stay
compliant with the relevant legislation. The updated version will be will
become effective as soon as it is accessible. We will include the amended
version in our Products or on our Website, indicating the date of the
revision.
If we make updates to this Policy, we may inform you by posting a notice
of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage
you to review this Policy from time to time to get acknowledged with the
ways we protect your privacy.
Contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Policy, please let us know by
sending us a message to
[email protected]
.
General
Overview
Get the App
Additional
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Stay Connected
Contact Support
Here
Other Inquiries:
[email protected]
© 2023.
All rights reserved.
en
de
fr
es
it
ru
pt