Privacy Policy | iris Dating
0
Skip to Content
Home
Safety
Catfish
About iris
Testimonials
FAQ
Iris Angels
Earn
Blog
DOWNLOAD
Open Menu
Close Menu
Home
Safety
Catfish
About iris
Testimonials
FAQ
Iris Angels
Earn
Blog
DOWNLOAD
Open Menu
Close Menu
Home
Safety
Catfish
About iris
Testimonials
FAQ
Iris Angels
Earn
Blog
DOWNLOAD
PRIVACY POLICY
WHAT IS IN THIS POLICY?
Welcome to the IRIS Privacy Policy. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
The IRIS Service is comprised of both an App and a Website (collectively, the “Service”). This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use the Service and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. This policy also describes how we might use your information to contact you and what options you have regarding the personal information you provide us.
WHAT DOES THIS POLICY COVER?
This policy applies to the Service the Company provides. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Service. By accessing or using this Service, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes in our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT?
You choose to give us certain information when using our services. This includes:
During registration, you provide us with basic information such as your name, contact details, location, gender, and date of birth.
To complete registration, you provide us a real-time photo of your face which is used internally for verification purposes only.
After your registration is complete, you can add additional information to your profile, including details about your interests, hobbies, background, etc. Some information you provide may be considered “sensitive” in certain jurisdictions, e.g. your religion, race, or sexual orientation. By choosing to provide this information, you consent to our processing of that information. You can also upload photos and videos to your account. To add pictures or videos, you may allow us to access your camera or photo album.
When you upload a profile picture, we collect data regarding your face to help find you matches.
We also process information as you interact with other users, including your chat messages with other users.
When you sign up for a paid subscription, you provide us or our payment service provider with information, such as your debit or credit card number or other financial information.
If you participate in any of our surveys or attend any of our events, we collect the information that you use to register or enter as well as any feedback you provide to us.
If you contact our customer service team, we collect the information you give us during the interaction. We may monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high quality of service.
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including other users and social media.
Other users may provide information about you as they use our services. For instance, we may collect information about you from other users if they contact us about you.
You may use your social media login (such as Facebook Login) to register and create an account on IRIS. This means some information from your social media account will be shared with us to create your account.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your mobile device and internet connection, including the device's unique device identifier, IP address, operating system, browser type, mobile network information, and the device's telephone number.
If you consent
, real-time information about the location of your device.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity.
Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Chrome) have a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) feature that tells a website that a user does not want to have his or her online activity tracked. If a website that responds to a DNT signal receives a DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting certain information about the browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, many businesses, including our Company, do not currently respond to DNT signals.
HOW DOES THE COMPANY USE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?
We use your personal information to create the best possible experience for you. This includes using your information to:
manage your account and provide our services to you,
connect you to other users to find matches, and
improve our services through updates or added features by analyzing how you use IRIS.
We also use it for business purposes, like:
processing and answering your requests,
getting in touch with any updates, like changes in policy or to tell you if your account hasn’t been used in a long time and to ask if you’d still like to use it,
to send you marketing emails, if you agreed to receive them, and
identifying where you are and giving you the right version for the area.
In exceptional circumstances, we might share your information without your permission if we reasonably believe you might be breaking the law, and such disclosure is allowed under relevant law.
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases:
We primarily process your information to uphold our end of the contract with you when you sign up for our services. We use your information to create your account, connect you with other users, and have IRIS offer your recommendations.
We also process your information when we have a legitimate interest to do so. We strive to make IRIS work as optimally as we can, and to do so we may monitor how you use the app to see how we may improve it, or for various legal purposes, such as detecting and preventing fraud.
Finally, we also sometimes process specific information if we have requested it and you have provided your explicit consent. In these instances, you can always revoke your consent by contacting Customer Support with the below contact information.
HOW LONG DOES THE COMPANY KEEP MY INFORMATION?
We hold onto your information for as long as we need to carry out the above-mentioned legitimate business purposes.
To protect the safety and security of our users on and off our services, we implement a safety retention window of one year following account deletion. During this period, account information will be retained although the account will of course not be visible on the services anymore.
In practice, we delete or anonymize your information upon deletion of your account (following the safety retention window) or after two years of continuous inactivity, unless:
we must keep it to comply with applicable law (for instance, some “traffic data” is kept for one year to comply with statutory data retention obligations);
we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our Terms, Privacy Policy and other similar consents are kept for five years);
there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users’ safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new account.
WHEN DOES THE COMPANY SHARE INFORMATION?
We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. We do not share your selfie with third parties.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce our Terms of Use or and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of IRIS, our customers, or others.
We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information that does not identify any individual without restriction.
You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the service (including your public profile). Please be careful with your information and make sure that the content you share is material that you’re comfortable being publicly viewable since neither you nor we can control what others do with your information once you share it.
If you choose to limit the audience for all or part of your profile or for certain content or information about you, then it will be visible according to your settings.
HOW DOES THE COMPANY PROTECT THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depend on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Service. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained in the Service. If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately
here
.
CHANGES IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 18
Our Service is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to or on the Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this Service or on or through any of its features/register on the Service, make any purchases through the Service, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Service or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at
support@irisdating.com
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit the
website for California Legislative Information.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS
Depending on where you are located, sometimes your information may be subject to cross-border transfers. IRIS is intended for use by US residents. But, if you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), your personal information will be transferred outside of the EEA, for instance, to the United States of America and other jurisdictions. IF YOU ARE AN EU RESIDENT AND YOU PROVIDE INFORMATION TO IRIS, THEN YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND TO OTHER JURISDICTIONS AROUND THE WORLD. YOU ARE ALSO CONSENTING TO OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES THAT IRIS PROVIDES AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
For EU residents, Chapter 3 of the GDPR provides states you have eight rights. These are:
The right to be informed; This means anyone processing your personal data must make clear what they are processing, why, and who else the data may be passed to.
The right of access; this is your right to see what data is held about you by a Data Controller.
The right to rectification; the right to have your data corrected or amended if what is held is incorrect in some way.
The right to erasure; under certain circumstances, you can ask for your personal data to be deleted. This is also called ‘the Right to be Forgotten. This would apply if the personal data is no longer required for the purposes it was collected for, or your consent for the processing of that data has been withdrawn, or the personal data has been unlawfully processed.
The right to restrict processing; this gives the Data Subject the right to ask for a temporary halt to the processing of personal data, such as in the case where a dispute or legal case has to be concluded, or the data is being corrected.
The right to data portability; a Data Subject has the right to ask for any data supplied directly to the Data Controller by him or her, to be provided in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
The right to object; the Data Subject has the right to object to the further processing of their data that is inconsistent with the primary purpose for which it was collected, including profiling, automation, and direct marketing.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling; Data Subjects have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing.
IRIS IS INTENDED FOR USE BY US OR NORTH AMERICAN RESIDENTS. THEREFORE, ALTHOUGH WE MAY USE REASONABLE EFFORTS TO PROVIDE THE EIGHT RIGHTS LISTED ABOVE, WE CAN NOT GUARANTEE THAT WE WILL DO SO.
HOW DO I ACCESS AND CORRECT MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Service and visiting your Account profile page. You may also send us an email at
support@irisdating.com
to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete all your personal information except by also deleting your user account; if you wish to delete your account, you may do so directly through the service on your account profile page. You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device.
We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. Additionally, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property, or the privacy of another user. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Customer Support Team to provide their written consent before the information is released.
Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore. For instance, we cannot provide our service if we do not have your date of birth.
YOUR COMMENTS AND CONCERNS
This Service is operated by Ideal Match, Inc. at 1209 North Orange Street, Wilmington, DE 19801-1120.
All feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to
support@irisdating.com
Terms of use
Privacy policy
FAQ
Jobs
Need help? Please contact our support team at
support@irisdating.com
For press inquiries please contact:
info@irisdating.com