Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Fire Shooters (“Fire Shooters” or “we”) collects information from you in order to provide better service and a better user experience. Your privacy is a top priority to us, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information. This Privacy Policy applies beginning May 25, 2018. You may change your consent anytime in our App Settings.
I. What information we use and how we use it:
1. Analytics information:
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User. The third-party analytics tools include Fabric and Flurry.
2. Device identifiers:
When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers.” Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Fire Shooters.
A device identifier may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
3. Information collected by our Third Party Advertising Partners.
We work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, Facebook Audience Network, IronSouce, AdColony and etc.
Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, advertising IDs (such as Google’s AAID and Apple’s IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device’settings), device language, operating system, time zones, and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device.
II. How we protect your information:
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
III. How we share your information:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. Please be advised that we may disclose your personal information if legally required to do so by government agencies, judicial courts or law enforcement bodies, or to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal.
IV. Children’s Privacy:
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
V. Changes to the Privacy Policy:
Fire Shooters may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it periodically.
Contact us
If you have any suggestions, feedback or requests, please email us through fireshooters@foxmail.com