PRIVACY POLICY FOR Video to Mp3 Converter, Cutter
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Video to Mp3 Converter, Cutter for mobile devices that was created by Developer Company AppSourceHub.
About App:
Video MP3 Converter
is easy and powerful video editor app to convert, edit and trim your videos, Audios. Save in MP3 & AAC from bit rate 48kbps to 320kbps and different videos resolution from 320X180 to 1280X720
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
we do not ask any user informations like your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information.
Automatically Collected Information
We use Admob for ADS. Admob need internet persmission to show ads. It may collect some device informations. We do not use any kind of user information or save it.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
No. We do not need any of such informations.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No
Personal Data:
- AppSourceHub respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected about you.
- AppSourceHub do not collect any personal user data. AppSourceHub may use tools or third-party analytics software to collect and use certain non-personal data that does not enable us to identify you (we track only data such as: device type, mobile device software, data carrier, ...).
- AppSourceHub uses Firbase and Google Analytics to analyze anonymous aggregated usage data for our applications.
Non-Personal Data:
-
Advertisers who serve ads may use technology which can uniquely identify mobile devices to deliver better target messages and control number of times you get an Add. Add Networks may access your unique device identifier through their own technologies and use it to target advertising to you.
- Advertisers make available links through advertisements or otherwise enabling you to access third party sites, tools or games. Please note that, while using such sites, tools or games, you are not affiliated with or controlled by us.
- AppSourceHub applications use Google AdMob ads as primary ad service.
- We use 3rd party libraries to monetize app data audiences.
Which permissions are used in this app?
android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
android.permission.WAKE_LOCK
android.permission.MEDIA_CONTENT_CONTROL
android.permission.MOUNT_UNMOUNT_FILESYSTEMS
android.permission.INTERNET
android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
android.permission.WRITE_SETTINGS
android.permission.WRITE_CONTACTS
android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We do not collect any data from any user.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at admin@appsourcehub.com We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at admin@appsourcehub.com