Privacy Policy
기본 콘텐츠로 건너뛰기
이 블로그 검색
Protect Company
Privacy Policy
공유 링크 만들기
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
이메일
기타 앱
7월 30, 2020
Privacy Policy for Mobile Applications
Your
 privacy is important to
Protect Company
and we are committed to protecting 
your privacy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our 
privacy practices.
ProtectUtilities uses and makes all attempts to protect all information when you use our apps & services.
By
 installing and using the apps, you agree to this privacy policy and 
give an explicit and informed consent to the processing. If you do not 
agree, please do not install and use the apps.
1. Non-personal Data
Non-personal
 data means information that, by itself, does not personally identify 
you. We may collect Non-personal data such as your device model number, 
operating system version, country code and other properties for purposes
 of managing the apps and communicating with you.
2. Ad serving Technology
We
 may disclose Non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third 
parties to collect Non-personal data through their own embedded 
technology. In order to deliver ads to you, the third-party advertising 
companies may place or recognize unique cookies, anonymous identifiers 
or similar technology for non-personally identifiable information. If 
you would like more information, please follow the link below:
AdMob -
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
3. Location Data
Some
 of the apps may request your Location data for a functional purpose. We
 may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi 
or other network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is
 not accessed without your consent. We do NOT provide your Location data
 for advertising networks and third parties.
4. Personal Data
Personal
 data means personally identifiable information that specifically 
identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address). We 
collect and store Personal data only with your consent. We may use your 
Personal data to send emails to you with informative content about the 
apps, such as new features and services, special offers, order issues 
and updated information.
5. Third party terms and conditions
Please
 note that your access to and use of the apps may be subject to certain 
third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies. You recognize and
 agree that we is not liable for any such third-party terms and 
conditions and any third party’s use of your Personal data. Here are 
links to the privacy policies of a few of the distributors we use:
Google -
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
6. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
We
 disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other 
legal processes as well as to establish/exercise our legal rights or 
defend against legal claims. We will share Personal data and 
Non-personal data in order to investigate, prevent or take action 
against illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the 
physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or as 
otherwise required by law.
7.
Android permissions
Some of our Android mobile applications (collectively called “Products”) may require permissions like :
ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION,
 ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION, ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE, ACCESS_WIFI_STATE, CAMERA, 
INTERNET, READ_CONTACTS, READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, READ_PHONE_STATE, 
RECORD_AUDIO, SEND_SMS, SET_WALLPAPER, SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW, FLASHLIGHT, 
VIBRATE, WAKE_LOCK, WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE (collectively called the 
“Permissions”)
All
 Permissions are used in Products to provide best user experience. All 
personal and non-personal information obtained by the use of above 
Permissions are used only by the Products itself and are not stored, 
used, disclosed outside of the Products.
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following email address
applock.protect@gmail.com
공유 링크 만들기
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
이메일
기타 앱
댓글
댓글 쓰기
Powered by Blogger
테마 이미지 제공:
Michael Elkan
Protect Company
프로필로 이동
자료실
7월 2020
1
신고하기