Privacy Policy
Chicken Soup for The Soul Entertainment Streaming Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 15, 2022. Prior versions of these terms are
      available:
Privacy Policy: 2022-08-30
Privacy Policy: 2021-12-01
Privacy Policy: 2021-06-05
Privacy Policy: 2020-06-11
Privacy Policy: 2019-12-10
To download and/or print this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), click
here.
Introduction
Consent to Processing in the United States
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
Information Collected from Partners and Other Sources
Information Collected Automatically (Cookies and Tracking
            Technologies)
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
General Sharing
INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE PUBLICLY OR TO OTHERS
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, SOCIAL FEATURES, ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
Data Security
Minors' and Children's Privacy
Your Choices and Rights
Your Rights
For EU Residents
Tracking Options
Tracking Technologies Generally
Analytics and Advertising Tracking Technologies
Other Platforms
Mobile Apps
Communications
Audience Measurement
California Users
Shine the Light
California Privacy Notice
Virginia Users
Nevada Users
Changes to this Policy
Contact CSS
Introduction
Chicken Soup for the Soul LLC ("CSS," "us" or "we") respects your privacy.
      This Privacy Policy covers the CSS Streaming Services. CSS Streaming
      Services (Services") refer to our video streaming of television shows,
      movies, and other content ("Content") on Crackle
https://www.crackle.com/
; Chicken Soup for the Soul
https://www.chickensouptv.com/
;Truli
http://www.truli.com/
; Pivotshare
https://pivotshare.com/
; Popcornflix
https://www.popcornflix.com/
:A Plus
https://aplus.com/
; and Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment
https://www.cssentertainment.com/networks/
. CSS is the data controller of information collected by our Services.
This Privacy Policy explains how CSS collects, uses, and shares
      information about you when you use our Services such as our websites,
      applications, and other connected devices where our Services are
      available. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By visiting our
      Sites, our Applications and using our Services, you agree that your
      information, including your personal information, will be handled as
      described in this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into
      this Terms of Use
https://www.chickensoup.com/terms-of-use
and
https://crackle.com/tos
.
The privacy practices of third parties that host our Services are governed
      by their own privacy policies and are not governed by this privacy policy.
      We recommend that you review the privacy policies of those third parties.
      When you click on an advertisement in our Services, you are redirected to
      another website or property governed by its own privacy policy. We
      recommend that you review those privacy policies as well.
Consent to Processing in the United States
Our Services are operated in the United States. By providing any
      information to CSS, all users, including, without limitation, users in the
      member states of the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the
      United States, fully understand and consent to this Privacy Policy. That
      means by using our Sites, participating in any of our Services and/or
      providing us with your information, you consent to the collection,
      transfer, storage, use and processing of your personal information to and
      in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you are
      visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data
      collection and use that may differ from United States law, please note
      that you are transferring your personal information to the United States.
      The laws of some countries may not provide the same levels of protection
      of personal information as your home country, particularly if you are
      resident in the European Union. We will take reasonable steps to ensure
      that information about you is treated securely in accordance with this
      Privacy Policy, and that all information you provide to us is stored on
      our secure servers or those of our service providers.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES TREAT YOUR INFORMATION
      IN A MANNER THAT MAY BE SUBSTANTIALLY DIFFERENT FROM, AND LESS PROTECTIVE
      THAN, THE TREATMENT REQUIRED UNDER THE LAWS OF OTHER COUNTRIES AND
      JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU DO NOT WANT YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED TO THE
      UNITED STATES, YOU SHOULD NOT SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH US, OR MAKE USE
      OF THESE WEBSITES.
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY THE LAW OF THE COUNTRY IN WHICH YOU ARE LOCATED,
      YOU EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT YOU MAY HAVE TO REQUIRE US TO TREAT YOUR
      INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF ANY COUNTRY OR JURISDICTION
      OTHER THAN THE UNITED STATES. HOWEVER, THE FOREGOING WAIVER MAY NOT BE
      LEGALLY BINDING IN SOME COUNTRIES, SUCH AS THE MEMBER STATES OF THE
      EUROPEAN UNION. TO THE EXTENT IT IS NOT LEGALLY BINDING IN THE COUNTRY IN
      WHICH YOU ARE LOCATED, THIS FOREGOING WAIVER DOES NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Collection of Information
CSS and/or its Service Providers, Contractors, and Third Parties (defined
      below), may collect Personal Information you provide directly to CSS
      and/or its Service Providers via the Service. "Personal Information"
      includes information that can identify, relate to, describe, be associated
      with, or be reasonably capable of being associated with, or could
      reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer
      or household. For the purpose of this policy, we may use Personal
      Information and information synonymously.
CSS collects information when you use or register for the Service,
      subscribe to notifications, post on the Service, provide reviews and
      testimonials, participate in promotional activities, or communicate or
      transact with CSS through the Service. In addition, when you interact with
      Third-Party Services (defined below), you may be able to provide
      information to those third parties.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect the following categories of information:
Identifiers:
CSS may ask you to provide contact
      information such as name, email address, phone number, date of birth when
      you create an account on Crackle or Pivotshare, provide a testimonial,
      sign up for newsletters, the Crackle Rewards Program (available in the
      U.S. only), participate in surveys; contact customer service or
      communicate with us by other means. Certain content such as rewards, some
      features, and functionality can only be accessed with an account.
Sensitive Personal Information
: At your option, CSS may
      collect sensitive personal information such as gender when you create an
      account. In addition, it is necessary that CSS collects your account
      log-in information and password to verify your account and maintain the
      account. This data is not used to personalize content or advertisements.
Information Collected from Partners and Other Sources
The information CSS receives via the Service may be combined with
      information CSS receives from Third Parties and sources outside of the
      Service. CSS may collect information from other commercially available
      sources, such as data aggregators and public databases, or our business
      partners, which may include your interests, purchasing behavior and your
      activities online, such as websites visited and advertisements viewed, if
      you connect your social networking account with your account. This
      aggregated data is non-identifiable about how you use our services. CSS
      may also obtain information about you from other sources, including
      companies’ affiliates. CSS is not responsible or liable for the accuracy
      of the information provided by third parties or for third party policies
      or practices.
Information Collected Automatically (Cookies and Tracking Technologies)
Internet or other electronic network activity information:
CSS, its Service Providers, and/or Third-Party Services may also
      automatically collect certain information about you when you access or use
      the Service ("Usage Information"). Usage Information may include IP
      address, device identifier, browser type, operating system, information
      about your use of the Service, and data regarding network connected
      hardware (e.g., computer or mobile device), advertising IDs, cookies, and
      other technologies to keep track of your interactions with the Service,
      and to serve you with ads on third-party services, to offer you a more
      personalized and relevant experience. We may collect geolocation data in
      the form of an IP address to know the region from where you are accessing
      our Services. CSS does not collect precise geolocation data. You may see
      us refer to "Log Data." Log Information is data about your use of the
      Service, such as IP address, browser type, internet service provider,
      referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related
      data, and may be stored in log files. We may link your Log Data with your
      account information or with information collected from third parties.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking
        Technologies
: Cookies, web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"), embedded
      scripts, location-identifying technologies, fingerprinting, device
      recognition technologies, in-app tracking methods and other tracking
      technologies now and hereafter developed ("Tracking Technologies") may be
      used to collect information about interactions with the Service or
      e-mails, including information about your browsing and purchasing
      behavior.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s device, which may
      be session ID cookies or tracking cookies. Session cookies make it easier
      for you to navigate the Service and expire when you close your browser.
Web Beacons ("Tracking Pixels")
Web beacons are small graphic images, also known as "internet tags" or
      "clear gifs," embedded in web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may
      be used, without limitation, to count the number of visitors to the
      Service, to monitor how users navigate the Service, and to count content
      views.
Embedded Scripts
An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information
      about your interactions with the Service. It is temporarily downloaded
      onto your computer from CSS’s web server, or from a third party with which
      CSS works and is active only while you are connected to the Service and
      deleted or deactivated thereafter.
Location-identifying Technologies
GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering and other
      location- aware technologies locate (sometimes precisely) you for purposes
      such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting content
      based on your location.
Fingerprinting
Collection and analysis of information from your device, such as, without
      limitation, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, and other data,
      for purposes of identification and/or tracking.
Device Recognition Technologies
Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data
      sets, as well as linking a common unique identifier to different device
      use (e.g., Facebook ID), which attempt to recognize or make assumptions
      about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same
      user or household).
In-App Tracking Methods
There are a variety of Tracking Technologies that may be included in
      mobile applications, and these are not browser-based like cookies and
      cannot be controlled by browser settings. Some use device identifiers, or
      other identifiers such as "Ad IDs" to associate app user activity to a
      particular app and to track user activity across apps and/or devices.
Some information about your use of the Service and certain Third-Party
      Services may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and
      services and used by CSS and third parties for purposes such as to
      associate different devices you use and deliver relevant ads and/or other
      content to you on the Service and certain Third-Party Services. See
      Section 10 regarding certain choices regarding these activities.
CSS is giving you notice of the Tracking Technologies and your choices
      regarding them explained in Section 10 so that your consent to
      encountering them is meaningfully informed.
Use of Information
CSS uses Personal Information to provide services, to enhance our
      services, to personalize our services and marketing efforts, to set up
      accounts, to administer rewards programs. For example, we may use Personal
      Information to:
Allow you to participate in the features we offer on the Service;
Facilitate, manage, personalize, and improve your online experience;
Process your registration and/or upload your User Generated Content
          ("UGC"). (For more information on how UGC is treated under the
          Service’s Terms of Use click here. For more on the public nature of
          UGC, see Section 5);
Transact with you, provide services or information you request,
          respond to your comments, questions and requests, serve you content
          and/or advertising, and send you notices;
Analyze and understand our audience;
Allow you to share your reviews and testimonials;
Communicate with you about our service, new offerings, promotions,
          surveys, and rewards;
For CSS and partners’ marketing purposes;
Improve the Service and for any other internal business purposes;
Tailor our content, advertisements, and offers;
Fulfill other purposes disclosed at the time you provide Personal
          Information or otherwise where we are legally permitted purpose or are
          required to do so;
Determine your location and manage digital content rights (e.g.,
          territory restrictions); and
Prevent and address fraud, protect our systems, breach of policies or
          terms, and threats or harm.
Sharing of Information
General Sharing
CSS may share the information CSS receives from or about you via the
      Service (or give others access to it), including your Personal
      Information, for a variety of purposes, as detailed in this Privacy
      Policy. CSS may share your non-Personal Information, aggregate and/or
      de-identified information about you except as prohibited by applicable
      law. These include, without limitation:
With our service providers to deliver and improve CSS’s services;
with outside companies that support customizing the advertising and
          marketing content you see. These marketing service providers allow us
          to to better market products and services to you;
with advertisers and advertising technology companies often with the
          ability to click-through to websites or properties owned by other
          companies. They may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies
          to collect information from or about you in order to tailor
          advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other
          enhancements;
for our own marketing and other purposes;
for web analytic purposes such as Google Analytics: we use Google
          Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), to gather
          information about how users engage with the sites and the services.
          For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
. You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data
          generated by your use of the Services by going to
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Facebook: we may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc.
          ("Facebook") that enable it to collect or receive information about
          actions users take on: (a) the CSS site and elsewhere on the internet
          through use of Cookies, Web Beacons and other storage technologies; or
          (b) our App and other mobile applications, in order to provide
          measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more
          information regarding the collection and use of such information by
          Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy available at
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
. through the use of cookies, Web beacons, and other storage
          technologies;
to display your posts or send your messages;
in connection with your use of third-party services;
in connection with sweepstakes, contests and promotions. CSS may offer
          sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (each, a "Promotion"),
          including Promotions jointly sponsored or offered by third parties,
          which may require submitting Personal Information. If you voluntarily
          choose to enter a Promotion, your information, including Personal
          Information, may be disclosed to CSS, co-sponsors, Service Providers,
          and other third parties, including for administrative purposes and as
          required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering, you are
          agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may
          include consent to additional or differing data practices from those
          contained in this Privacy Policy. Please review those rules carefully;
To CSS’s agents, vendors, consultants, processors and other service
          providers (collectively "Service Providers") who may receive, or be
          given access to your information, including, without limitation,
          Personal Information, non-Personal Information, and Usage Information
          in connection with their work on CSS’s behalf, provided however, CSS
          does not authorize its Service Providers to use CSS-Collected PI
          provided by CSS to the Service Providers to send you direct marketing
          messages other than related to Crackle Plus Companies absent your
          consent.
To comply with the law, law enforcement or other legal process, and in
          response to a government request;
If CSS believes your actions are inconsistent with CSS’s terms of use,
          user agreements, applicable terms or policies, or to protect the
          rights, property, life, health, security and safety of CSS, the
          Service or its users, or any third party; and
CSS may share your CSS-Collected PI (as well as your other Personal
          Information and your non-Personal Information), in connection with or
          during negotiations of any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale,
          joint venture, or any other type of acquisition or business
          combination of all or any portion of CSS assets or transfer of all or
          a portion of CSS’s business to another company ("Corporate
          Transactions").
INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE PUBLICLY OR TO OTHERS
The Service may permit you to post or submit UGC including, without
      limitation, written content, user profiles, audio or visual recordings,
      computer graphics, pictures, data, or other content, including Personal
      Information. If you choose to submit UGC to any public area of the
      Service, your UGC will be considered "public" and will be accessible by
      anyone, including CSS. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Personal
      Information included in UGC is not subject to CSS’s usage or sharing
      limitations, or other obligations, regarding CSS-Collected PI or other
      Personal Information under this Privacy Policy or otherwise, and may be
      used and shared by CSS and third parties to the fullest extent not
      prohibited by applicable law. CSS encourages you to exercise caution when
      making decisions about what you disclose in such public areas. For more
      information on how UGC is treated under the Service’s Terms of Use click
      here. California minors should see Section 8 regarding potential removal
      of certain UGC they have posted on the Service.
Additionally, the Service may offer you the option to send a communication
      to a friend. If so, CSS relies on you to only send to people that have
      given you permission to do so. The friend’s Personal Information you
      provide (e.g., name, e-mail address) will be used to facilitate the
      communication, but not used by CSS for any other marketing purpose unless
      CSS obtains consent from that person. Your contact information and message
      may be included in the communication.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, SOCIAL FEATURES, ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS
The Service may include hyperlinks to, or include on or in connection
      with, the Service (e.g., apps and plug-ins), websites, locations,
      platforms, applications or services operated by third parties
      ("Third-Party Service(s)". These Third-Party Services may use their own
      cookies, web beacons, and other Tracking Technology to independently
      collect information about you and may solicit Personal Information from
      you.
Certain functionalities on the Service permit interactions that you
      initiate between the Service and certain Third-Party Services, such as
      third-party social networks ("Social Features"). Examples of Social
      Features include enabling you to send content such as contacts and photos
      between the Service and a Third-Party Service; "liking" or "sharing" CSS’s
      content; logging in to the Service using your Third-Party Service account
      (e.g., using Facebook Connect to sign-in to the Service); and to otherwise
      connect the Service to a Third-Party Service (e.g., to pull or push
      information to or from the Service). If you use Social Features, and
      potentially other Third-Party Services, information you post or provide
      access to may be publicly displayed on the Service or by the Third-Party
      Service that you use. Similarly, if you post information on a Third-Party
      Service that references the Service (e.g., by using a hashtag associated
      with us in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or in
      connection with the Service or otherwise by our Companies. Also, both CSS
      and the third party may have access to certain information about you and
      your use of the Service and any Third-Party Service.
CSS may engage and work with Service Providers and other third parties to
      serve advertisements on the Service and/or on Third-Party Services. Some
      of these ads may be tailored to your interest based on your browsing of
      the Service and elsewhere on the internet, sometimes referred to as
      "interest-based advertising" and "online behavioral advertising"
      ("Interest-based Advertising"), which may include sending you an ad on a
      Third-Party Service after you have left the Service (i.e., "retargeting").
CSS may use Service Providers for analytics services such as, without
      limitation, Google Analytics. These analytics services may use cookies and
      other Tracking Technologies to help CSS analyze Service users and how they
      use the Service. Information generated by these services (e.g., your IP
      address and other Usage Information) may be transmitted to and stored by
      these Service Providers on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere) and these
      Service Providers may use this information for purposes such as evaluating
      your use of the Service, compiling statistic reports on the Service’s
      activity, and providing other services relating to Service activity and
      other internet usage.
Except to the extent CSS combines information from Service Providers,
      Third-Party Services, or other third parties with CSS-Collected PI, in
      which case CSS will treat the combined information as CSS-Collected PI
      under this Privacy Policy (see Section 1(c)), data obtained by CSS from a
      third party, even in association with the Service, is not subject to CSS’s
      limitations regarding CSS-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy, however
      such data remains subject to any restrictions imposed on CSS by the third
      party, if any . Otherwise, the information collected, stored, and shared
      by third parties remains subject to their privacy policies and practices,
      including whether they continue to share information with CSS, the types
      of information shared, and your choices on what is visible to others on
      Third-Party Services.
CSS is not responsible for and makes no representations regarding the
      policies or business practices of any third parties, including, without
      limitation, analytics Service Providers and Third- Party Services
      associated with the Service, and encourages you to familiarize yourself
      with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use. See Section 10
      for more on certain choices offered by some third parties regarding their
      data collection and use, including regarding Interest-based Advertising
      and analytics.
Data Security
CSS takes reasonable measures to protect CSS-Collected PI (excluding UGC)
      from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration,
      and destruction.
Nevertheless, transmission via the internet and online digital storage are
      not completely secure and CSS cannot guarantee the security of your
      information collected through the Service.
To help protect you and others, CSS and its Service Providers may (but
      make no commitment to) monitor use of the Service, and may collect and use
      related information including CSS-Collected PI and other Personal
      Information for all purposes not prohibited by applicable law or
      inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, to
      identify fraudulent activities and transactions; prevent abuse of and
      investigate and/or seek prosecution for any potential threats to or misuse
      of the Service; ensure compliance with the Terms of Use and this Privacy
      Policy; investigate violations of or enforce these agreements; and
      otherwise to protect the rights and property of CSS, their partners, and
      customers. Monitoring may result in the collection, recording, and
      analysis of online activity or communications through our Service. If you
      do not consent to these conditions, you must discontinue your use of the
      Service.
Minors’ and Children’s Privacy
CSS offers to its users a range of sites and applications, some of which
      are intended for users and their families. CSS does not permit the
      registration of, nor does CSS knowingly collect, use, or disclose PII from
      anyone under 13 years of age (as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy
      Protection Act ("COPPA") ("Children’s Personal Information").
Our channel, Popcornflix Kids, may automatically collect information such
      as IP address and watch time of shows if a child is watching from their
      own device to support internal operations such as to conduct research and
      analysis to address the performance of the platform, provide contextual
      advertising, and to provide access to content. In any instance that we
      collect personal information from a child, we will retain that information
      only so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the activity request or
      allow the child to continue to participate in the activity and ensure the
      security of our users and our services, or as required by law. We do not
      share this information with third parties. We may share information with
      our service providers if necessary, for them to perform a business,
      professional, or technology support function for us.
We may disclose personal information if permitted or required by law, for
      example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. To the extent
      permitted by applicable law, we also may disclose personal information
      collected from children (i) in response to a law enforcement or public
      agency’s (including schools or children services) request; (ii) if we
      believe disclosure may prevent the instigation of a crime, facilitate an
      investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a child
      using our sites or applications; (iii) to protect the security or
      integrity of our sites, applications, and other technology, as well as the
      technology of our service providers; or (iv) enable us to take precautions
      against liability.
We do not "sell" personal information of known minors under 16 years of
      age.
If you are using any of our other sites and you are under the age of 13,
      you are not permitted to use these Services. If you are aware of anyone
      under the age of 13 using our other Sites, please notify us. Upon
      confirmation, we will terminate any account that a user may have, and we
      will eliminate any personal information we may have obtained from that
      user immediately.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe CSS has collected Children’s
      Personal Information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, please contact
      CSS and CSS will remove such data to the extent required by COPPA.
Your Choices and Rights
Your Rights
If your region provides the right to do so, you can request for example,
      access, correction, and deletion of information we hold about you. If you
      are an account holder, you may request a copy of your information. If you
      have an account, you are able to update information in the "Settings" tab.
      If you have an account with us, CSS provides web pages and other
      mechanisms allowing you to delete, correct, or update some of the
      CSS-Collected PI, and potentially certain other information about you
      (e.g., profile and account information) within account settings.
To submit other individual right’s requests that apply in your region,
      please fill out
this form
.
You may also unsubscribe from Crackle emails by clicking
UNSUBSCRIBE
or following
      the instructions on the bottom of the email. Please note that if you
      opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us, we may continue to
      contact you via email with service-related communications.
For EU Residents
If you are an EU or UK resident, you have a number of rights when it comes
      to your personal information. Further information and advice about your
      rights can be obtained from the data protection regulator in your country
      of residence within the EU or the UK.
You can exercise any of these rights by filling out
this form
or by contacting us through our email or mailing address in the "Contact
      CSS" section below.
The right to be informed.
You have the right to be
      provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information
      about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we’re
      providing you with the information in this Policy.
The right of access.
You have the right to obtain access
      to your information, and certain other information (similar to that
      provided in this Privacy Policy). This is so you’re aware and can check
      that we’re using your information in accordance with data protection law.
The right to rectification.
You are entitled to have your
      information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure
. This is also known as ‘the right to
      be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or
      removal of your information where there is no compelling reason for us to
      keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are
      exceptions.
The right to restrict processing
. You have rights to
      ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information. When processing is
      restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it
      further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their
      information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in
      future.
The right to data portability
. You have rights to obtain
      and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different
      services. For example, if you decide to switch to a new provider, this
      enables you to move, copy or transfer your information easily between our
      IT systems and theirs safely and securely, without affecting its
      usability. This is not a general right however and there are exceptions.
The right to object to processing.
You have the right to
      object to certain types of processing, including processing for direct
      marketing (i.e., receiving emails from us notifying you about other
      services we provide which we think may be of interest to you or being
      contacted with varying potential opportunities). You may change your
      preferences regarding email or newsletters as described above.
The right to lodge a complaint
. You have a right to lodge
      a complaint with your local Data Protection Supervisory Authority or with
      the UK Information Commissioner’s Office:
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public
.
The right to withdraw consent
. If you have given your
      consent to anything we do with your personal data (i.e., we rely on
      consent as a legal basis for processing your personal information), you
      have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do
      so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal data
      with your consent up to that point is unlawful). You can withdraw your
      consent to the processing of your personal information at any time.
Tracking Options
Tracking Technologies Generally
You can control the use of your data for interest-based advertising from
      CSS by visiting
this form
.
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as
      part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the
      future by selecting certain settings. Browsers offer different
      functionalities and options so you may need to set them separately. Also,
      tools from commercial browsers may not be effective with regard to Flash
      cookies (also known as locally shared objects), HTML5 cookies, or other
      Tracking Technologies. For information on disabling Flash cookies, go to
      Adobe’s website
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-
player/kb/disable-third-party-local-shared.html. Please be aware that if
      you disable or remove these technologies, some parts of the Service may
      not work and that when you revisit the Service your ability to limit
      browser-based Tracking Technologies is subject to your browser settings
      and limitations.
App-related Tracking Technologies in connection with non-browser usage
      (e.g., most functionality of a mobile app) can only be disabled by
      uninstalling the app. To uninstall an app, follow the instructions from
      your operating system or device manufacturer.
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not
      Track" signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no
      consensus among industry participants as to what "Do Not Track" means in
      this context. Like many online services, CSS currently does not alter
      CSS’s practices when CSS receives a "Do Not Track" signal from a visitor’s
      browser. To find out more about "Do Not Track," you can visit
https://allaboutdnt.com/
but CSS is
      not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of this third party
      information. Some third parties, however, may offer you choices regarding
      their Tracking Technologies. CSS is not responsible for the completeness
      or accuracy of third-party choice notices or choice mechanisms. For
      specific information on some of the choice options offered by third party
      analytics and advertising providers, see the next section.
Analytics and Advertising Tracking Technologies
You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google
      Analytics by going to
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
You may choose whether to receive some Interest-based Advertising by
      submitting opt- outs. Some of the advertisers and Service Providers that
      perform advertising-related services for us, and our partners may
      participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s("DAA") Self-Regulatory
      Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more about how you can
      exercise certain choices regarding Interest-based Advertising, visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
and
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
for information on the DAA’s opt-out program for mobile apps. Some of
      these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative
      ("NAI"). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their
      members, see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds
      of Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of
      ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer
      deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you but does not mean you
      will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other
      ad networks). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when
      you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies,
      use of a different device or web browsers or use a non- browser-based
      method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI /DAA browser-based opt-out
      may not, or may no longer, be effective.
CSS supports the ad industry’s 2009 Self- regulatory Principles for Online
      Behavioral Advertising (
https://www.iab.net/media/file/ven-principles-07-01-09.pdf
). CSS is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any
      third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their
      statements regarding their programs.
Global Privacy Control
You may use an Opt-Out Preference Signal such as the Global Privacy
      Control to opt out of the sale/sharing of your personal information.
If you do not have an account, or are not logged into your account, your
      request to opt-out will be linked to your browser identifier only and not
      linked to your account. You may also opt out by using
this form
.
Other Platforms
You may also opt-out of targeted advertising on specific devices using the
      instructions below:
Amazon Fire TV: Navigate to 'Settings' > 'Preferences' >
          'Privacy' and disable "Interest Based Ads" and select "Reset
          Advertising ID"
AppleTV: Navigate to 'Settings' > 'General' > 'Privacy' >
          'Advertising' and enable "Limit Ad Tracking" and select "Reset
          advertising Identifier"
Roku: Navigate to 'Settings' > 'Privacy' > 'Advertising' and
          enable "Limit Ad Tracking" and select "Reset Advertising
          Identifier..."
Xbox One / HTML 5: Navigate to 'Settings' > 'Account > 'Privacy
          & Online Safety' > 'App privacy' > 'General' and check to
          ensure that "Enable Advertising Identifier" is disabled.
Xbox 360: Navigate to 'System' > 'Settings' > 'Account' >
          'Privacy and Online Safety' > 'App Privacy' > 'General' >
          deselect "Enable Advertising ID"
Samsung TV: Navigate to 'Settings' > 'Support' > 'Terms &
          Policy' > "Internet Based Advertising" > and deselect "Enable to
          make the content and advertising on Smart TV more interactive."
Vizio TV: Navigate to 'HDTV Settings app' > 'System' > 'Reset
          & Admin' > Highlight 'Viewing Data' > Press right arrow to
          change the setting to "Off"
Mobile Apps
With respect to CSS’ mobile apps ("apps"), you can stop all collection of
      data generated by use of the app by uninstalling the app. Also, you may be
      able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling
      certain location-based services, by adjusting the permissions in your
      mobile device. For example:
Android Phone/Tablet: Navigate to 'Settings' > 'Privacy' > 'Ads'
          and enable "Opt out of Ads Personalization" and select "Reset
          Advertising ID"
Apple Phone/Tablet: Navigate to 'Settings' > 'Privacy' >
          'Advertising' and enable "Limit Ad Tracking" and select "Reset
          Advertising Identifier..."
Communications
You can opt out of receiving certain promotional communications (emails or
      text messaging) from CSS at any time by (i) for promotional emails,
      following the instructions provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe
      link, or if available by changing your communication preferences by
      logging onto your account; and (ii) for text messages, following the
      instructions provided in text messages from CSS to text the word, affect
      subsequent subscriptions. If you opt-out of only certain communications,
      other subscription communications may continue. Even if you opt-out of
      receiving promotional communications, CSS may, subject to applicable law,
      continue to send you non- promotional communications, such as those about
      your account, transactions, servicing, or CSS’s ongoing business
      relations.
Audience Measurement
The Service may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which
      will enable you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV
      Ratings. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may
      collect and how to opt out, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement
      Privacy Policy at
http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy
Changes to this Policy
CSS reserves the right to revise and reissue this Privacy Policy at any
      time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the
      revised Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Service indicates
      your consent to the Privacy Policy then posted. If you do not agree,
      discontinue use of the Service and uninstall Service downloads and
      applications. If you have a subscription to a Service offering, material
      changes to this Privacy Policy will only become effective with respect to
      the aspect of that subscription at the end of the then current term unless
      you otherwise consent.
Contact CSS
To submit individual right’s requests that apply in your region, please
      click here here.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact
      Crackle Plus, LLC at PO Box 700, Cos Cob, CT 06807 (Attention: Privacy
      Program, Information Security) or via email at
privacyqueries@chickensoupforthesoul.com
.
California Users
Shine the Light
CSS only knowingly shares personal information (as defined by California’s
      "Shine the Light" law), with non-affiliated third parties (i.e., parties
      other than our affiliated Crackle Plus Companies) for their own direct
      marketing purposes if you specifically opt-in or are offered the
      opportunity to opt- out and elect not to opt-out, to such sharing at the
      time you provide personal information or choose to participate in a
      feature on the Service. If you do not opt-in or if you opt-out at that
      time, CSS will not knowingly share the personal information that was
      collected in connection therewith with such identified non-affiliated
      third party(ies) for its/their own direct marketing purposes but may
      continue to seek your consent to sharing with the same or other
      non-affiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes from
      time-to-time. Each consent notice and opportunity will be treated
      separately so it is possible that you may consent to some sharing but not
      to others.
In addition, California residents may request information about CSS’
      compliance with the Shine the Light law and the CSS Companies with which
      CSS may have shared personal information for their direct marketing
      purposes by contacting CSS here or by sending a letter to Crackle Plus,
      LLC at PO Box 700, Cos Cob, CT 06807 (Attention: Privacy Program,
      Information Security). Requests must include "California Privacy Rights
      Request" in the first line of the description and include your name,
      street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that CSS is only
      required to respond to one request per customer each year, and CSS is not
      required to respond to requests made by means other than through the
      provided e-mail address or mail address.
California Privacy Notice
The California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), the California Privacy
      Rights Act of 2020 ("CPRA"), and any implementing regulations provide
      California residents specific rights regarding personal information. CSS
      is providing this notice at or before the point of collection to explain
      whether we sell or share personal information, how long we retain data,
      and how we may use "sensitive personal information."
If you have a specific question or concern about your rights, or questions
      about our policy in support of your rights as a Californian consumer,
      please contact us through our email or mailing address in the "Questions
      about our Privacy Policy" section below. You may also submit a request
here
.
Categories and Specific Pieces of Personal Information
Sources of Personal Information
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collection
Service Providers With Whom We Share Personal Information that is
            not considered a Sale under CCPA
Potential Partners With Whom We Share or Sell Personal Information
            under CPRA
Identifiers such as first and last name, alias, postal address,
            unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email
            address, account name, phone number, or other similar identifiers
You, your device, Analytics, apps, consent forms, customer service,
            job applications, lists that were rented or bought, research, sales,
            third party advertisements, vendor and partner registration, website
Provide our services, manage customer requests, provide support,
            operate rewards program, collect feedback, send email
            communications, analytics, optimize contextual marketing experiences
Service providers, consultants, marketing agencies, marketing
            service providers, marketing software providers, help desk software
            providers, subsidiaries and/or affiliates
Advertising technology companies, advertising partners, and
            analytics providers
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or
            Federal Law, such as age and gender
You (if you provide when you apply for a job or register for an
            account)
Ensure compliance with legal obligations
Affiliates
N/A
Commercial information, streaming history, device manufacturer, or
            carrier
Analytics, apps, consent forms, customer service, eCommerce or
            orders, events, third party advertisements, sales, website
Provide and improve our services, provide support, collect feedback,
            analytics, optimize marketing experiences
Service providers, consultants, marketing agencies, marketing
            service providers, marketing software providers, help desk software
            providers, subsidiaries and/or affiliates
Advertising technology companies, advertising partners, and
            analytics providers
Internet or other electronic network activity information,
            including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history and
            information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet
            website,application or advertisement
Analytics, apps, consent forms, customer service, eCommerce or
            orders, events, job applications, lists that were rented or
            bought,research,sales, third party advertisements, vendor and
            partner registration, website
Personalization of your experience; provide and improve the
            Services; provide advertisements, Conduct a sale, manage customer
            service requests, provide support, collect feedback, event
            registration and management, send email communications, analytics,
            optimize marketing experiences
Service providers, consultants, marketing agencies, marketing
            service providers, marketing software providers, help desk software
            providers, subsidiaries and/or affiliates
Advertising technology companies, advertising partners, and
            analytics providers
Geolocation data: Our online services don’t collect precise
            geolocation data from GPS sensors. However, we do collect IP
            addresses from which we can determine your general location (such as
            your city, state/province, and postal code)
Your browser, computer, or device
Provide and improve the Services; prevent fraud and ensure the
            security of our services; provide contextual advertisements
Service providers, consultants, marketing agencies, marketing
            service providers, marketing software providers, help desk software
            providers, subsidiaries and/or affiliates
Advertising technology companies, advertising partners, and
            analytics providers
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar
            information: We may collect photos, audio and/or video of you in
            certain circumstances. For example if you contact customer service,
            we may record the call (voice recording).
You
Customer Service
Service providers, consultants, help desk software providers,
            subsidiaries and/or affiliates
N/A
Inferences: We have a content recommendations system that strives to
            predict what you’ll be in the mood to watch or buy when you visit
            our sites or log in.
You, your browser, computer, or device
Personalization of your experience, Provide and improve the
            Services; provide advertisements
Service providers, consultants, marketing agencies, marketing
            service providers, marketing software providers, help desk software
            providers, subsidiaries and/or affiliates
Channel Partners and marketing service Provider, web analytics
            providers, Advertising technology companies and advertisers
We obtain the categories of personal information from sources as described
      in the CSS Privacy Policy. We use and share personal information as
      described in the CSS Privacy Policy. When we disclose personal information
      for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and
      requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential
      and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to
      fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer
      retention period is required or permitted by law.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The CCPA/CPRA provides California residents (consumers) with specific
      rights regarding their personal information. If you are a resident of
      California you have the right to request what information we collect, use,
      and disclose. This includes the categories of personal information and the
      specific pieces of personal information. You may also request the sources
      of personal information collected about you, the purpose for collecting
      the personal information. You also have the right to request that we
      delete your information or to correct your information.
The CCPA/CPRA also gives California residents the right to stop the "sale"
      or "sharing" of their personal information. CSS utilizes Tracking
      Technologies including for example, cookies and tracking pixels, that help
      us, and others better understand you and serve you more relevant content
      and ads. To opt out of certain Tracking Technologies, please see the
Tracking Options
Section of this Privacy
      Policy. CSS may sell or share your personal information such as online
      identifiers, internet protocol address, or other similar identifiers to
      our advertising partners. We may also sell or share internet or other
      Electronic Network Activity Information with our affiliates, advertising
      partners, data analytics providers, and audience measurement companies.
You have the right to opt-out of this sale of your personal information.
To do so, please contact us as described below or submit a request to us
here
. You can also opt-out of the sale of personal information that is
      automatically collected from our Sites by changing your preferences at any
      time by updating your ‘Cookies Settings’ available on our website.
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell any personal information of
      individuals under the age of 16.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State
      that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer
      request related to your personal information. CSS does not knowingly
      collect information from children. If you believe we have collected
      information about your child, you may also make a verifiable consumer
      request on behalf of your child. You may only make a verifiable consumer
      request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are
      the person we collected personal information or an authorized
      representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly
      understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request
      or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity
      or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information
      relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you
      to create an account with us. We will only use personal information
      provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's
      identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of
      its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you
      of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with
      us, we will deliver our written response to that account. Any disclosures
      we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable
      consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the
      reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer
      request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we
      determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made
      that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your
      request.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA
      rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including
          through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or
          services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Notice of Financial Incentive and Right to Opt Out
As described in the
terms of service
for the Crackle Rewards Program, when participants sign up for the
      Program, they agree to allow Crackle and its Program-related service
      providers ("Crackle"), to (i) collect personal information and information
      on your use of Crackle Rewards and (ii) share the information with our
      service providers, as defined our Privacy Policy, to facilitate
      participation in the Rewards Program. Crackle uses the information it
      collects through the Program to operate the Rewards Program. Under
      California law, Rewards Programs may be considered a financial incentive
      provided in exchange for the collection and retention of personal
      information.
While we do not assign a monetary value to the data that we collect, based
      on our reasonable estimate, the value received from the insights and the
      Program is reasonably equal to or greater than the value Crackle receives
      from the use of this information. To the extent that we provide programs
      that may be considered a financial incentive because the program is
      directly or reasonably related to the collection, deletion or retention of
      consumer personal information, the value is reasonably related to the
      overall value we receive from the personal information participants
      provide specific to the program minus the costs and expenses we incur in
      providing the program. Participation in our rewards program is voluntary
      and you can withdraw at any time. Please refer to
our FAQs page
to learn
      more about the rewards program.
You may opt out of the rewards program by going to the settings menu and
      toggling the button to read "opt-out". If a Participant opts-out of their
      Rewards Account, all of your data associated with your Rewards Account
      will be immediately and permanently deleted. Participants forfeit their
      Rewards Points and Sponsor will not be able to provide any customer
      service related to any previous transactions associated with their Rewards
      Account once a Participant has opted-out. If Participant elects to
      re-enroll in the Program after they have opted-out of their Rewards
      Account, they may do so, but will start with a zero Point balance. For
      more information about our Rewards Program, please see our
FAQs
.
CSS will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in CSS
      then-active databases as soon as practicable, but it is not always
      possible to completely change, remove or delete all of your information or
      public postings from CSS’ databases and residual and/or cached data may
      remain archived thereafter. Further, we reserve the right to retain data
      (a) as required by applicable law; and (b) for so long as reasonably
      necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data is retained except to
      the extent prohibited by applicable law. To submit individual right’s
      requests that apply in your region, please click here.
2021
Received
Complied
Denied
Days to Complete
Right to Know
4
1
3
13
Right to Delete
7
5
2
8
Opt Out/Do Not Sell
16
9
7
9
* Denied means that the request was not verifiable or was denied on
        other grounds.
Virginia Users
In addition to a right to access, receive a copy, delete, and correct your
      data, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA), Consumers have
      the right to make a request to opt-out of: (1) targeted advertising; (2)
      the "sale" of personal data; and (3) profiling in furtherance of decisions
      that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
To do so, please contact us as described below or submit a request to us
here
. You can also opt-out of the sale of personal information that is
      automatically collected from our Sites by changing your preferences at any
      time by updating your ‘Cookies Settings’ available on our website or using
      the GPC.
Nevada Users
Nevada residents have the right to make a request to opt out of the sale
      of certain "covered information" collected by operators of websites or
      online services.
To do so, please contact us as described below or submit a request to us
here
. You can also opt-out of the sale of personal information that is
      automatically collected from our Sites by changing your preferences at any
      time by updating your ‘Cookies Settings’ available on our website or using
      the .
Changes to this Policy
CSS reserves the right to revise and reissue this Privacy Policy at any
      time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the
      revised Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Service indicates
      your consent to the Privacy Policy then posted. If you do not agree,
      discontinue use of the Service and uninstall Service downloads and
      applications. If you have a subscription to a Service offering, material
      changes to this Privacy Policy will only become effective with respect to
      the aspect of that subscription at the end of the then current term unless
      you otherwise consent.
Contact CSS
To submit individual right’s requests that apply in your region, please
      click here.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or would like to
      appeal a denial of a consumer right, where applicable by law, please
      contact Crackle Plus, LLC at PO Box 700, Cos Cob, CT 06807 (Attention:
      Privacy Program, Information Security) or via email at
privacyqueries@chickensoupforthesoul.com
.