Fuji Instax Studio:  TouchRetouch Eraser privacy policy
Fuji Instax Studio
mercredi 10 octobre 2018
TouchRetouch Eraser privacy policy
Privacy Policy For TouchRetouch Eraser
Your privacy is 
important to Our App Service. Our Privacy Policy covers how we collect, 
use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. We hope our policy 
is straightforward and easy-to-understand. Please take a minute to 
review the details of our privacy practices below.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We
 may collect non-personal information, such as data that does not allow 
direct association with any specific individual. Non-personal data is 
collected, used, transferred, and disclosed for a number of purposes. 
These purposes include the use of cookies and other technologies that 
give us a better understanding of our users' needs. We use information 
collected from cookies to improve users' experience and the overall 
quality of our services.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
No personal information will be collected when you are using this app.
When
 you use our email support services, we collect your correspondence in 
order to build up a public knowledge base, which will be available to 
all users of the site. Your correspondence will most likely not be used 
verbatim, but paraphrased in an FAQ format.
We use the information
 collected through this app product: (I) to communicate with you; (II) 
to process your requests and transactions; (III) to improve the app; 
(IV) to customize the services and/or products we provide to you; (V) to
 assist with our product and service development; (VI) to perform 
marketing analysis; and (VII) for other purposes related to our 
business.
Transparency and Choice
You can also control which social websites you wish to share or upload.
Third party accounts
Our
 App Service does not store any other third part service passwords. Your
 account information is not disclosed to this app and you are free to 
cancel any of your social networking website connections with this app 
at any time.
Enforcement
We regularly review our 
own compliance with our Privacy Policy. If you submit a formal written 
complaint, we will contact you and try our best to resolve the issue.
Changes
Our
 Privacy Policy may change occasionally. We will not reduce your rights 
under this Privacy Policy without providing explicit, advance notice. We
 will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, in the event of 
significant changes, we will provide a more prominent notice (such as an
 email notification).
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to mail us: fujiinstaxstd@gmail.com
Publié par
Fuji Std
à
19:16
Envoyer par e-mail
BlogThis!
Partager sur Twitter
Partager sur Facebook
Partager sur Pinterest
2 commentaires:
Slappsapk
16 février 2021 à 21:26
Do you want to make your photo more stylish & attractive? Do you want to Remove BG from the photo easily? Do you want to delete unwanted objects from your photo? Do you want to mirror the effect on your photo with a clone stamp? Do you want to make
Transparent Background
of your photo? Do you want to remove the object from the photo? if your answer is yes then happy news for you that wanted Object & Remove BG from Photo-best app for making your photo more stylish, attractive, and heart touching? You can easily erase the background and remove the object from your photo with this app
Répondre
Supprimer
Réponses
Répondre
عبده شحاته
20 février 2022 à 01:26
عبده
Répondre
Supprimer
Réponses
Répondre
Ajouter un commentaire
Charger la suite...
Article plus ancien
Accueil
Inscription à :
Publier les commentaires (Atom)
Qui êtes-vous ?
Fuji Std
Afficher mon profil complet
Archives du blog
▼
2018
(2)
▼
octobre
(2)
TouchRetouch Eraser privacy policy
Privacy Policy For Mixtape Dj
Thème Simple. Fourni par
Blogger
.