Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect, how we collect it and when we collect it. By downloading our Applications, you specifically consent to the use your information it in ways consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Application permissions
Some of our applications can use the features of your device such as a camera and a microphone. We do not use these features to collect your personal information. We do not store or transmit information from these features, they are used only to improve the functions of the application and you can always track which functions each application uses on the Google Play page. If you download the application, you consent to their use.
Third-Party Services
Our Applications may contain links to third-party websites, products, or services. For example, the Applications may feature offers from third party advertisers.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
.
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
MoPub
MoPub is provided by MobPub Inc.
You can opt-out from MobPub service by following the instructions on MoPub Opt-out page:
http://www.mopub.com/optout/
For more information on what information MobPub collects and how it is used, please read MoPub Privacy Policy:
http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
AdColony
AdColony is provided by Jirbo Inc.
You can opt-out from AdColony service by visiting the AdColony Opt-out page:
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/opt-out/
You can also opt-out from AdColony through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information AdColony, please visit the Privacy Policy of AdColony:
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Chartboost
Chartboost is provided by Chartboost.
For more information about Chartboost, please visit Chartboost Privacy Policy:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is provided by Unity Technologies.
You can opt-out from Unity Ads service by following the instructions as described by Unity Technologies on their Privacy Policy page:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
For more information about Unity Technologies, please visit Unity Technologies Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Links
Our Applications may contain links to the Google Play so that you can evaluate our products.
Local storage
We may collect and store information locally on your device. And no one except you can access this information.
Location Information
We do not collect information about your location
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Avar Apps legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Avar apps may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Avar Apps aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Avar apps relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Policy Towards Children
We do not collect information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 13, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. If you become aware that your child has been provided with personal information without your consent, please contact us at
avarmg@gmail.com
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as necessary to protect our users, furnish current information.
The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be available at
avargames.com/android/privacy_policy/
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
avarmg@gmail.com
Last updated: September 24, 2018