Appzz: Paint
Appzz
Pages
Home
Paint
Picture Book
Spelling Learning
Table Tennis Scoreboard
Invitation Card Maker
Budget Tracker with Notes
Uninstaller
Device Info
2048
Animals Sound
Aarti Sangrah
Hanuman Chalisa
Flashlight
Tic Tac Toe
Math Quiz
Table Tennis Scoreboard Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Paint
Every now and then one paints a picture that seems to have opened a door and serves as a stepping stone to other things.
This is perfect app who loves painting. This is very simple and useful for all age groups. You can simply draw's the painting and have fun with your photos.
👉It also supports to share your creations on popular social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, WhatApp, Instagram and more with friends and family members.
👉This is extremely useful to Kids and students. They can simply draw's letters, digits, pets drawing and share with their parents or teacher as a study part.
👉With Paint app user have full control of brush color, brush size, background color of drawing area.
User can draw some texts on photos picked up from Gallery or captured from Camera and send it to anybody. Useful to send someone Birthday, Anniversary, Festival wishes.
👉Features:
• Create new drawing
• User can draw stickers and texts while painting
• User can draw emojis
• Edit existing drawing
• Pick up image from Gallery or from Camera and draw painting on it.
• Undo and Redo for drawing
• Eraser
• Saves drawing
• Share your drawing
Privacy Policy
Tejaswini Kote built the Paint app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Tejaswini Kote at no cost and is intended for use as is.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Fabric
Crashlytics
What information we collect?
I want to inform you that we do not collect any user information from application and do not publish any data to our server.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. Also we do not collect any data for children's below age 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Disclaimer
The owner does not hold any responsibility or liability for your use of its “Paint”. In particular, the owner does not accept any responsibility for consequences deriving from the use that the visitor may independently make of the contents of this app. This app does not collect names, images, or other contact informations server side (only local side). Keep in mind that this is just a fun app. Don’t treat it too seriously. This app uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) and AdMob Services; the developer Google Play console as impressions, downloads and traffic sources is linked to your Google Analytics. Google Analytics could collect also additional data about the traffic (e.g. Demographics and Interest reporting). The disclosure of Google privacy policy is available at:
http://www.google.it/policies/privacy
. All the translations into different languages are from the the original in English. The English text shall prevail over all the versions. This Policy may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the “effective date” below. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. Your continued use of the app constitutes your agreement to this Policy and any amendments. Date Last Modified: This Notice was last modified 15th March, 2019.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
No comments:
Post a Comment
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
About Me
Android Dev
Do checkout our Android applications with millions of happy users on
Google Play Store
These applications includes all categories like Photography, Education, Finance, Gaming, Books, Tools, Devotional.
View my complete profile
Awesome Inc. theme. Theme images by
molotovcoketail
. Powered by
Blogger
.