Privacy Policy
Last
updated: May 15
th
, 2023
Introduction and definitions
This Privacy Policy
explains how Fulmine Software („we” or „us”)
collect, store, use and disclose information about you („you”
or „user”) acquired when you use our apps, products,
services or websites („Services”) or when you interact
with us in other ways.
Personally identifiable information
We may collect
personally identifiable information from you. Personally identifiable
information („PII”) in this document means, but is not
limited to: first name, last name, phone number, e-mail address.
We
will collect PII only if you voluntarily submit such information to
us.
Some parts of services may require personally identifiable
information to operate, so just won't be accessible if you decide to
not provide it.
Non-personally identifiable information
We may collect
non-personally identifiable information from you. Non-personally
identifiable information („NPII”) in this document means,
but is not limited to information about user's device such as:
Android Advertising Identifier, device identifier, installation
identifier, version of operating system, device brand and model,
screen resolution, coarse location and usage information about our
Services.
Note about Children's Privacy
Our Services are
not directed to and we do not knowingly collect personal information
of children under the age of 13 years. If we learn that we have
collected personal information of a child under the age of 13, we
will take all reasonable steps to delete the information. If you
believe that we might have any personal information of a child under
13, please contact us at
info@fulminesoftware.com
.
Note about Sensitive Information
Some of our
Services may handle sensitive information. Sensitive information (SI)
in this document means, but is not limited to camera sensor data. Our
Services do not collect and transmit SI unrelated to functionality
described prominently in the Services user interface or their
descriptions in appropriate app store listings unless explicitly
disclosed and got affirmative consent for such use from you.
How collected information is used
Technical support and quality improvement
We want to improve
the quality of our Services and for this purpose we may collect and
use your data. NPII helps us detect possible causes of errors in our
Services and give you more accurate help when responding to your
service requests.
The way we collect
data for this purpose is:
Crash reports
	(NPII only)
E-mails
	received from user (PII and NPII)
Crash reports
Our Services may use
Firebase
Crashlytics
service to collect and analyse information about app
crashes. This service collects the following NPII data:
Crashlytics Installation UUID
Crash traces
Above data is kept for 90 days.
E-mails received from user
When
you send an e-mail to us, we receive at least your e-mail address and
may receive other PII you decided to send, like your name. This data
allows us to contact you when we respond to your customer service
requests, bug reports or other messages.
Any ideas and
suggestions for improvements, modifications, changes, as well as any
other feedback related to our current or future Services or us („User
Feedback”) shall be solely owned by us (including intellectual
property rights  therein and thereto) and we or those we allow may
use User Feedback in any manner, without attribution and without any
obligations to you.
Advertisements
Our free Services
may display advertisements which allows us to fund development of our
current and future Services.
Google
AdMob
is used for that purpose, so please read and accept
how
Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Games services
Our only game –
My Jump – may use
Google
Play Games Services
for additional, optional features, like e.g.
submitting a high score to leaderboards or achievements. This service
is used when you create Google Play Games Services account and sign
in to
Google
Play Games Services
. If you want to use it, please read and
accept
how
Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
. This
feature is optional and not required for the game to be playable.
Sign in options can be controlled by the user in
Play
Games profile
or
Google
Play Games app
.
Analytics
Our Services may
use third-party tools for the collection of analytics information
that helps us make our Services better and user friendly. In this
case NPII is used. Specifically, the Services use
Google
Analytics for Firebase
(our mobile apps) and
Google
Analytics
(our web pages). To see how those services collect and
process data, please read and accept
how
Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Translations
Some of our
Services are translated using third-party translation service
WebTranslateIt
.
If you want to join this service to translate our apps, please read
and accept
WebTranslateIt's
Privacy Policy
.
Third-Parties and business partners
Data can be
transferred to, stored and used in United States and any other
countries where our business partners services or any third-party
service providers acting on its behalf operates. Privacy and data
protection laws in some of these countries may vary from the laws in
the country where you live.
Please note that
your access to and use of the third-party services may be subject to
certain third-party terms and conditions and we are not liable for
any such third-parties’ use of your personal data.
Specifically, we
often use some of Google's services, so kindly please read and accept
how
Google uses data when you use our partner's sites or apps
and
Google's
Privacy & Terms
.
The following our
software products are using
Google
Maps APIs
:
Alarms (mobile
	app),
Alarms Pro
	(mobile app),
so if you are using
them, the following
Google's
Privacy Policy
apply.
Web browser
cookies
Cookies are small
data files stored by your web browser on your computer’s hard
drive or in device memory. Our Services may use cookies to allow us
personalise content and ads, to provide social media features, to
analyse our traffic and to improve our Services.
Most web browsers
are accepting cookies by default. If you want, you can usually choose
to set your device browser to remove or reject browser cookies.
Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, some
parts of our Services may not function properly.
Changes to this
Privacy Policy
We reserve the
right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do so, we'll
change last updated date at the top of this policy. We encourage You
to frequently check this policy for any changes. You acknowledge and
agree that it is your responsibility to review this policy
periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of
these terms and revocation of your consent
By using our
Services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any
third-party terms or policies mentioned in this Privacy Policy.
Please do not install and do not use our Services if you do not
consent to this fact. Your continued use of Services following the
posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your
acceptance of those changes.
Revocation of your
consent to these terms
To revoke your
consent just uninstall and do not use our Services.
Opt-out
To opt out of
personalized ads visit
the
following page
to get
instructions. To opt out of analytics, please do not install and do
not use our Services.
If you want to be
certain that no PII or NPII is sent to us, our partners or
third-parties and behaviorally targeted advertising is not displayed
to you, please uninstall, do not install and do not use our Services
as well as do not interact with us in any way.
Further
information
This Privacy Policy
is governed by Polish law.
If you have any
questions about this policy, or dealing with our Services, please
contact us at
info@fulminesoftware.com
.
©
2013 – 2023 Fulmine Software