Super Status Bar - Privacy Policy - Tom Bayley Apps
Tom Bayley Apps
Apps
Volume Styles
Super Status Bar
Tile Shortcuts
Bottom Quick Settings
MIUI-ify
Contact
Translate
Super Status Bar - Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
Super Status Bar uses Google's Admob to show ads inside the app, subject to their
privacy policy
.
Log Data
Whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect information (through
Google's Firebase
) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other app statistics, but not any personal information.
This data is used solely to fix crashes and bugs in the app.
App Permissions
Super Status Bar uses the following sensitive permissions:
Accessibility Service
The Accessibility Service is required to show the custom status bar and to allow gestures on the status bar.
It is also used so you can choose which apps you don't want Super Status Bar to show in. Super Status Bar will see the package name of apps you navigate to so it can see if you chose to hide Super Status Bar in that app.
Super Status Bar does not collect any data other than mentioned above. No data from the Accessibility Service is stored or shared.
Notification Service
The Notification Service is an optional permission which is used to show notification ticker text and notification icons in the custom status bar.
For the notification ticker text, Super Status Bar displays the text from your notifications in the ticker text along the status bar.
For notification icons, Super Status Bar uses the logo from the app which sent the notification in the custom status bar.
No notification data is stored or shared.
Query All Apps
This permission is used to allow you to choose which apps you do not want Super Status Bar to show in. Inside the app, this is called the "App blacklist".
The data from this permission is not stored or shared. Super Status Bar only remembers the package names of the apps you select so it knows when to hide the custom status bar, with help from the Accessibility Service as described under the Accessibility Service permission.
Other App Permissions
Super Status Bar uses the following optional permissions:
Phone
The Phone permission is used with the custom status bar to show the network type on Android 11+. Lower Android versions do not need the Phone permission to show the network type in the cusotm status bar.
The Phone permission is also used to enable support for showing dual SIMs in the custom status bar.
If the Phone permission is not granted, the app will still function, but will not show the network type or secondary SIM in the custom status bar.
No data from this permission is stored or shared.
Files and Media
The Files and Media permission is used so you can make a backup of the app settings in case you want to, for example, transfer to a new device.
No data from this permission is stored or shared.
Follow us on: