Avast Privacy
In order to view this page correctly, you must have a JavaScript-enabled browser and have JavaScript turned on. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Learn how to enable it
.
We’re sorry, your browser appears to be outdated.
To see the content of this webpage correctly, please update to the latest version or install a new browser for free, such as
Avast Secure Browser
or
Google Chrome
.
NortonLifeLock and Avast have merged. Introducing Gen™:
A newly formed company with the single purpose to power Digital Freedom
Learn more
Skip to main content
Close
For home
For home
Products for PC and mobile phone protection
For business
For business
Protect your business with Avast
For partners
For partners
Partner with Avast and boost your business
About us
About us
Careers, investors, media, contact
Blogs
Academy, Blog, Decoded, Forum
Worldwide (English)
For home
Security
Free Antivirus
Basic protection for all your devices
Free Antivirus
Basic protection for all your devices
Free Antivirus
Basic protection for all your devices
Free Antivirus
Basic protection for all your devices
Premium Security
Complete protection against all internet threats
Ultimate
Our best security, privacy, and performance apps in one package
Looking for a product for your device?
Free Antivirus for PC
,
Free Security for Android
,
Free Security for Mac
,
Free Security for iPhone/iPad
Looking for a product for your device?
Free Antivirus for PC
Free Security for Mac
Free Security for Android
Free Security for iPhone/iPad
Privacy
SecureLine VPN
Encrypt your connection to stay safe on public networks
AntiTrack
Disguise your digital fingerprint to avoid personalized ads
Secure Browser
Secure, private, and easy to use web browser
Secure Browser PRO
Unlock the full potential of Avast Secure Browser and fully encrypt your online activity
BreachGuard
Protect your personal info from being exposed and sold
Online Security & Privacy
Privacy and security browser extension from Avast
Performance
Cleanup Premium
Boost your computer’s speed and performance
Cleanup Premium
Boost your computer’s speed and performance
Cleanup Premium
Boost your computer’s speed and performance
Cleanup Premium
Boost your computer’s speed and performance
Driver Updater
Automatically update drivers with a single click
Avast One
NEW
Store
Home
Support
Store
Account
For business
Products
Home office
1-10 seats
Protect up to 10 devices, including laptops, mobile, computers, and tablets with
Small Office Protection.
Small Businesses
11-100 seats
Essential
,
Premium
, or
Ultimate
Business Security managed from integrated, cloud-based Business Hub platform.
Speciality products
Patch Management
Cloud Backup
Premium Remote Control
Antivirus for Linux
CCleaner
Not sure which solution is right for your business?
Help me choose
Business partners
Partnership opportunities
MSPs
Resellers
Distributors
Affiliates
Solutions for MSPs
Business Hub Security Platform
Cloud Network Security
Shop by vertical
Education
Become a partner
Partner locator
Resources
Trials
Store
Home
Contact sales
Support
Store
Account
Business Hub
CloudCare
Reseller portal
For partners
Smart Life
Mobile Security
VPN
Threat Intelligence
Knowledge Center
About us
About Avast
About Avast
Company FAQs
Careers
Privacy
Privacy
Expert guides
Privacy blogs
Digital trust
Press center
Press releases
Events
In the news
Media materials
PR contacts
Investors
Our story
At a glance
Strategy
Technology expertise
Leadership
History
Investors
Overview
Growth & competitive advantage
IPO information
Regulatory news
Share price & tools
Corporate governance
Investor contacts
Financial calendar
Results, reports & presentations
Analyst consensus
Shareholder information
Contact us
Awards
Diversity & Inclusion
Diversity & Inclusion
Accessibility
Contact us
Blogs
Avast Blog
Read about recent news from the security world
Avast Academy
Expert tips and guides about digital security and privacy
Avast Decoded
In-depth technical articles regarding security threats
Avast Forum
Discuss with the community
Avast Research Lab
Explore more about AI in cybersecurity
List of available regions
Main regions
Worldwide (English)
Europe (English)
América Latina (español)
AMERICAS
Argentina
Brasil
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile
Colombia
EE.UU. (español)
México
USA (English)
América Latina (español)
EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Česká republika
Danmark
Deutschland
España
France
Italia
Magyarország
Nederland
Norge
Polska
Portugal
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Slovensko (česky)
South Africa
Suisse (français)
Suomi
Sverige
Türkiye
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Ελλάδα
ישראל
Казахстан
România
Россия
Україна (українська)
Украина (русский)
المملكة العربية السعودية
الدول العربية
Europe (English)
ASIA & PACIFIC
Australia
India
इंडिया (हिंदी)
Indonesia (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Malaysia (English)
Malaysia (Bahasa Melayu)
New Zealand
Philippines (English)
Pilipinas (Filipino)
Singapore
Việt Nam
日本語
대한민국
简体中文
繁體中文
ประเทศไทย
Worldwide (English)
Your privacy is a fundamental human right. We’re committed to protecting it
— Ondrej Vlcek, President at NortonLifeLock*
*Avast is a NortonLifeLock company.
Our privacy commitment to you
At Avast, our mission is to ensure everyone can be free and safe online. The most important way we do this is by making  products that help protect your privacy and security. Privacy is a core value for Avast, and providing you with control over your online privacy is one of our main jobs.
We are also committed to responsible data practices in our business. From our base in the European Union, we operate under world-leading, user-centric privacy and data protection standards — and we apply them to our customers worldwide.
Our privacy values
Our users entrust us with their data in order to enhance online privacy and security. We take this responsibility seriously. To meet our commitment to privacy as a fundamental right, globally, we design and operate our products guided by a set of values which we think of as our
‘privacy rule of THUMB’
.
T
— Transparency
If we need to collect personal data (and we try to avoid it where we can), we’ll explain clearly why and how it will be used.
H
— High Security
Any data we do need to process will be protected by the highest security standards. We’ll also give you the tools to keep your files, data, and browsing habits secure anywhere.
U
— User Control
We want to put you in control of how your data is used, via easy-to-use tools. This goes for your interactions with Avast, as well as with anyone else in the digital world.
M
— Minimization
We’ll only use the minimum amount of data needed for a specific purpose. We won’t collect or store your personal data ‘just in case’ it comes in handy later.
B
— Benefit
When we do collect data, we will use it to benefit you by making  your online experience better, such as by improving our online threat detection and prevention capabilities.
Learn more about Avast and privacy
We’ve prepared in-depth articles to arm you with knowledge that can help you further protect your online privacy.
Check out
Avast's Privacy Blogs
and
Expert Guides
Avast Privacy blogs
privacy Expert GUIDES
Advocacy for Digital Freedom and Privacy
Avast is committed to contributing its expertise and talent to give back to society. One of the ways we do so is by championing the cause of protecting digital freedom and privacy as a fundamental human right.
We recognize that, while extremely useful, privacy and security technologies will not fully solve privacy problems on a societal level. Strong privacy laws are essential, as is the thoughtful enforcement of such laws. As a company based in Europe, we understand what it means to operate under strong privacy and data protection laws. We therefore advocate  and support legal protections for user privacy.
Individuals should have access to information about how to protect their online privacy. Avast aims to utilize the work we do to train our own people and make sure that such educational materials are freely available to all.
We help progress the discussion and development of privacy policies, ideas, and best practices via our participation in and support of forward-thinking groups, such as the Future of Privacy Forum and the International Association of Privacy Professionals.
We will continue to increase our impact on reforming the digital landscape and focus on society-level solutions to privacy, even as we innovate to bring more privacy products to users.
What types of data do we collect, and how do we use them?
Below are the main categories of data that we collect and what we use them for:
1. Avast account data
Account data helps us manage your account, facilitate your login to the service, and tells us how to reach you. It includes information needed to set up and customize an account, such as your email address and username, and information connected with our services, such as license keys. Some products, such as free antivirus, do not require setting up an Avast account.
2. Product data
Product data helps us get smarter about how to keep you safe. This includes:
Device data
information about the operating system and hardware you use: device location, error logs, browser, network, and applications running on your device, including Avast products.
Service data
about product performance on your device, which tells us how to keep you safe and how to optimize your device’s performance. This data includes malware samples and detections, information concerning website URLs, usage statistics (activation, crashes, scans, errors), and your IP address.
3. Billing data
Billing data includes your name, email address, masked credit card number, license information, and in certain circumstances, your billing address and your phone number. We use it to send you purchase receipts, process payment and billing records, and to check for renewal, validity, and customer support. Billing data is collected only for paid apps.
For a complete list of the types of data we process and the purposes we use them for, you can check out our
Privacy Policy
.
Information on how we respond to government information requests can be found in our
Transparency Report
.
How does data enable safety and security online?
Cybersecurity expertise
When you use our security products and participate in our security community by choosing to share certain data from your devices, you contribute directly to our ability to identify and neutralize potential threats to you and your devices. With hundreds of millions of users working together, we’re able to get a clear global view of cybersecurity threats as they develop, which greatly improves our ability to combat them. This enables us to deliver better protection to you, faster.
Next generation AI technology
Each month, Avast stops 1.5 billion attacks globally. One way we’re able to do this is by utilizing advanced AI algorithms to learn how a user’s device was attacked, where the attack originated, and any indications as to the purpose of the attack. This in turn allows us to detect threat patterns and security issues from that same data in ways that are impossible for humans.
Giving you control of your digital identity
Today’s online world requires us to share our personal information and private data with countless websites, apps, and digital services.
Avast believes that everybody should have confidence that their online identity is safe and secure. We build services that help you take control of your digital identity, so that it’s you, not big tech companies, that decides how your personal information is shared.
Discover how Avast is putting digital identity services at the heart of our mission to protect your digital freedom.
Learn more
Products that put you in charge of your privacy
We build all our products in line with the privacy commitment and principles discussed above. That said, Avast also designs privacy products that specifically empower users to take control over their online privacy, no matter who they’re dealing with online.
Avast SecureLine VPN
Avast Secure Browser
Avast AntiTrack
Avast BreachGuard
Avast SecureLine VPN
Enjoy online freedom and privacy with a VPN
How you use the internet and what you do online is your business. Our virtual private network (VPN) makes sure it stays that way.
Discover product
Show less
Show more
In a world where it’s essential to be connected to work, play, and communicate, you shouldn't have to worry about your activity being watched or critical data about your behavior being shared with others.
Whether at home or on public Wi-Fi, Avast SecureLine VPN encrypts your internet connection with the click of a button, securing your connection and preventing employers, advertisers, governments, and internet providers from seeing what you do online.
Avast Secure Browser
Browse faster, safer, and without ads or trackers
We live in a connected world. Whether banking, working, shopping, or connecting with friends and family, we constantly access and share precious personal data online. That’s why it’s important to choose a browser that puts your privacy first.
Discover product
Show less
Show more
Avast Secure Browser includes several layers of privacy protection that mask your digital identity while you browse. This prevents websites from identifying you online and blocks third parties from tracking your data and activity. Secure Browser also gives you a faster browsing experience by automatically blocking ads to improve website load time.
Additionally, built-in security protects your data from hackers, prevents malicious downloads, and ensures websites encrypt your data. We’ll also alert you if your login credentials are ever compromised.
Avast AntiTrack
Disguise your online identity with AntiTrack
We reveal a lot about ourselves when we’re online and without the right protection, our digital lives can be an open book. Stop online tracking and get advertisers off your back with AntiTrack.
Discover product
Show less
Show more
Your online habits can be tracked to create a digital ‘fingerprint’ made up of everything from your search history to the goods you’ve bought and the places you traveled. This highly sensitive information may be sold to third parties who can use it to target you with ads or even raise prices on products they know you will be interested in.
Avast AntiTrack gives you greater online privacy by disguising your digital fingerprint to keep your true identity private and  exposing and blocking attempts to track you.
Avast BreachGuard
Protect your personal information from being exploited online
Everyone who uses the internet risks their personal information being compromised. Avast BreachGuard provides detection, resolution, and ongoing monitoring and prevention to ensure your personal information is safeguarded at all times.
Discover product
Show less
Show more
In 2019, there were 1,473 data breaches in the United States that exposed more than 164 million sensitive records. Avast BreachGuard detects and notifies you of data breaches affecting your credentials, assists in the removal of your personal information from unwanted third party databases, and analyzes your online accounts for privacy vulnerabilities.
Avast BreachGuard provides the following services:
24/7 Risk Monitoring
Automatically scans the dark web for leaked personal information, immediately alerting you when your information appears there as the result of a data breach.
Privacy Advisor
Offers step-by-step advice on how to optimize the privacy settings of your major online accounts to reduce the amount of personal info you share on social media and other sites.
Data Removal
Simplifies the complex process of removing your personal info from data broker databases so it can’t be used to affect your insurance rates, loan approvals, and more.
Privacy Score
Displays a clear overview of your privacy by showing you your “privacy score” and suggesting quick actions you can take to improve it.
Privacy Policy
Your trust is not taken for granted. We’ve developed a TRUSTe-certified Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your personal data.
Privacy Policy
Transparency Report
We are committed to openness and transparency regarding how we respond to data requests from state authorities.
Transparency Report
For any inquiries relating to Avast’s privacy practices, please contact
dpo@avast.com
Avast recommends using
the
FREE
Chrome™ internet browser.
Download Chrome
Close
Almost done!
Complete installation by clicking your downloaded file below and following the instructions.
Initiating download...
Note:
If your download did not start automatically, please
click here
.
Need Help?
Please call
855-745-3255
Click this file to start installing Avast.
Click this file to
start installing
Avast
Worldwide (English)
For home
Support
Security
Privacy
Performance
Blog
Forum
For business
Business support
Business products
Business partners
Business blog
Affiliates
For partners
Mobile Carriers
Company
Contact Us
Investors
Careers
Press Center
Diversity & Inclusion
Digital trust
Technology
Research Participation
1988-2023 Copyright Avast Software s.r.o.
Privacy policy
Products policy
Legal
Report vulnerability
Contact security
Modern Slavery Statement
Do not sell my info
Subscription details