Privacy
Policy
Digital North Star built the app as
an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Digital North Star at no cost
and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website
visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of
Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service,
then you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
The terms used in this Privacy
Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is
accessible unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
Digital North Star does not collect,
store or use any personal data from our users. We do not knowingly contact or
collect personal information. If you believe we have inadvertently collected
such information, please contact us so we can promptly remove the information.
We work with the following established
Advertisers: Facebook, Google
Admob
, Google play,
Firebase which have their own app data collection privacy policy. The service
displays advertising that appears on mobile devices such as smart phones or
tablets that have internet connections. Advertising can take place as text ads,
banner or full-page advertisements that appear embedded in the downloaded
mobile applications or games.
This information can be accessed with
the link to privacy policies of third-party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
Facebook Audience Network
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en-US
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
App Data Collection
In-App Advertising. Our apps
incorporate advertising serving technology offered by our third-party service
providers. The data for this purpose may include persistent identifiers solely
for the purpose of providing support for the internal operations such as
allowing our
third party
service providers to
calculate the number of views, cap the frequency of ads and serve ads in a
format that fits the device and no personal information. Please note that while
our Apps may contain advertisements about third party products and services, we
prohibit behavioral advertising to children in our Apps.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount
of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to
your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device’s
internal memory.
This Service does not use these
'cookies' explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries
that use 'cookies' to collection information and to improve their services. You
have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie
is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not
be able to use some portions of this Service.
Security
We value your trust in providing us
your Personal Information, thus we use commercially acceptable means of
protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet,
or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to
other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that
site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we
strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no
control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy
from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for
any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are
posted on this page.
This Privacy Policy does not apply
to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are
accessible through our Services.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or
suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.