Privacy Policy of Private Browser
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy of Private Browser
Private Browser
Privacy Policy
This application is independently developed by the IOPixel team. Please read our privacy policy carefully. If you have any questions, please let us know. As our promise to protect your personal information, we will strictly implement this policy. We hope you can feel our security and use our services with confidence.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Service
Facebook
Firebase Crashlytic
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
We will only share personal information with third parties for the purpose of providing or improving our products, services and advertising; we will not share personal information with third parties for the third party's sales purposes, let alone sell personal information. We are obliged to require the aforementioned partners to strictly abide by the confidentiality agreement and the requirements of the personal information protection policy.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
If you have any questions or suggestions about my privacy policy, please feel free to contact me. You can contact me at
iopixel777@gmail.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse