Pixpoz™ : Particle.ly Video Status Maker
Pixpoz
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
PixPoz™
cares about your privacy. Respecting your privacy is a fundamental policy of PixPoz™ , and therefore, we formulate this Privacy Policy to inform you of how we collect, use and share your personal information.
Non- Personal Information
We Do Not collect, store or use any information while you install or update our application.
Permissions uses in App and its uses
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE:
This permission used for store or save your created video on SD card or memory card. It also required for store temporary file for animations.
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE:
This permission used for show all photos on our app. Photos are use for creating video.
INTERNET:
This permission required to download video themes or music. It also required showing ads on app.
ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE:
This permission required to check internet is available or not before downloading video effect theme or music.
MEDIA_MOUNTED:
This permission required checking media card/SD card/ Memory Card is available or attached to device or not.
Third Party
Advertisement in Apps:
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. This privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. You may find a respective privacy policies to respective site. We use Google AdMob for advertisements in our applications. (Admob policy link: https://www.google.com/adsense/new/localized-terms)
Also We use FAN Network for advertisements in our applications. (FAN policy link: https://m.facebook.com/ads/manage/audience_network/publisher_tos)
There could be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects.
Changes to the Privacy Policy :
In Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services and the Site.
Your continued use of any Application, the Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.
Mbit Music™:
Particle.ly Video Status Maker app name and its Icon/logo are trademark of Mbit Music app owner.
Contact us :
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
support@pixpoz.com
© copyright
by
mbitmusic.in