Privacy Policy of TeliportMe
Privacy Policy of
TeliportMe
This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how the personally
        identifiable information ("Personal Information") you may
        provide in the "P360/Panorama 360/TeliportMe" mobile
        application ("Mobile Application" or "Service") and
        any of its related products and services (collectively,
        "Services") is collected, protected and used. It also
        describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your
        Personal Information and how you can access and update this information.
        This Policy is a legally binding agreement between you
        ("User", "you" or "your") and A Good World
        LLC  ("A Good World LLC", "we", "us"
        or "our"). By accessing and using the Mobile Application and
        Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to
        be bound by the terms of this Policy. This Policy does not apply to the
        practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals
        that we do not employ or manage.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make
        changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the
        policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice
        (such as adding a statement to our website homepage or sending you a
        notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever
        you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed
        about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Users may be subject to different protection standards and broader
        standards may therefore apply to some. In order to learn more about the
        protection criteria, Users can refer to the applicability section.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command
        in the settings of any browser.
Owner and Data Controller
A Good World LLC
124 Broadkill Road, #518
Milton DE 19968
United States
Owner contact email:
help@teliportme.com
Data we collect
You can access and use the Mobile Application and Services without
        telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone
        could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual.
In this instance, your unique device ID is used only to backup
        and restore your settings, panoramas, and subscription plans. If,
        however, you wish to use some of the features in the Mobile Application,
        you may be asked to provide certain Personal Information (for example,
        your name and email address). We receive and store any information you
        knowingly provide to us when you create an account, publish content,
        make a purchase, or fill any online forms in the Mobile Application.
        When required, this information may include the following:
Contact details: including your name, email address, and the content of
        any correspondence between you and us.
Authentication Data: including your username and password when you
          log in via the Application, a third-party user ID if you log in via a
          third-party login provider, and your device ID.
Profile data: information you add to any profile you create through
          our Services or Mobile applications, including any photos you upload
          and information about yourself. If you log in via a third-party login
          provider your profile photo will be used from the third-party
          provider. Only applicable if you set up an account with us.
Profile Preference Data: The Mobile Application may ask you for
          preference information you voluntarily provide about yourself, such as
          likes, comments, language, and content preferences.
Usage Data: including information relating to your visits to our
          Services and Mobile Application, IP address, domain name, URI address
          (uniform resource identifier).
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by
        itself or through third parties, there are: Tracker; Usage Data; Data
        communicated while using the service; unique device identifiers for
        advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); device
        information; geography/region; Application opens; email address; device
        logs; Contacts permission; Camera permission; Precise location
        permission (continuous); Precise location permission (non-continuous);
        Approximate location permission (continuous); Approximate location
        permission (non-continuous); Sensors permission; Storage permission;
        Bluetooth sharing permission; Social media accounts permission; Photo
        Library permission; Camera permission, without saving or recording;
        Write-only Photo Library permission; billing address; username;
        geographic position; language.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided
        in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific
        explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage
        Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are
        welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this
        Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this
        Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the
        User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present
        document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained,
        published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have
        the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
How we collect your data
When you use the Mobile Application, our servers automatically record
        information that your device sends. This data may include information
        such as your device's IP address and location, device id, name and
        version, operating system type and version, language preferences, the
        information you search for in the Mobile Application, access times and
        dates, and other statistics.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized
        access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the
        Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT-enabled
        tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to
        the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the
        Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved
        with the operation of this Application (administration, sales,
        marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as
        third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting
        providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if
        necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. An updated list of these
        parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the
        following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
          Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process
          Personal Data until the User objects to such processing
          (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any
          other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply,
          whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data
          protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement
          with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations
          thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to
          which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public
          interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the
          Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests
          pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal
        basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the
        provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or
        a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any
        other places where the parties involved in the processing are
        located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve
        transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To
        find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data,
        Users can check the section containing details about the processing of
        Personal Data.
If broader protection standards are applicable, Users are also entitled
        to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside
        the European Union or to any international organization governed by
        public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the
        UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard
        their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking
        the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using
        the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by
        the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a
          contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such
          contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s
          legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill
          such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the
          legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections
          of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period
        whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such
        consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to
        retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for
        the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an
        authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted.
        Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to
        rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after
        expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide
        its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement
        requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or
        third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as
        the following: Analytics, Infrastructure monitoring, Handling payments,
        Interaction with live chat platforms, Access to third-party accounts,
        Beta Testing, Registration and authentication, Device permissions for
        Personal Data access, Platform services and hosting and Managing
        contacts and sending messages.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose,
        the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the
        processing of Personal Data”.
Facebook permissions asked by this Application
This Application may ask for some Facebook permissions allowing it to
        perform actions with the User's Facebook account and to retrieve
        information, including Personal Data, from it. This service allows this
        Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook
        social network, provided by Facebook Inc.
For more information about the following permissions, refer to the
Facebook permissions documentation
and to the
Facebook privacy policy
.
The permissions asked are the following:
Basic information
By default, this includes certain User’s Data such as id, name,
        picture, gender, and their locale. Certain connections of the User, such
        as the Friends, are also available. If the User has made more of their
        Data public, more information will be available.
Contact email
Access the User's contact email address.
Device permissions for Personal Data access
Depending on the User's specific device, this Application may
        request certain permissions that allow it to access the User's
        device Data as described below.
By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the
        respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been
        given, it can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke
        these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the
        Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present
        document.
The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on
        the User's device and software.
Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the
        proper functioning of this Application.
If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective
        Personal Data may be processed (i.e accessed to, modified or removed) by
        this Application.
Approximate location permission (continuous)
Used for accessing the User's approximate device location. This
        Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to
        provide location-based services.
Approximate location permission (non-continuous)
Used for accessing the User's approximate device location. This
        Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to
        provide location-based services.
The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that
        isn't continuous. This means that it is impossible for this
        Application to derive the approximate position of the User on a
        continuous basis.
Bluetooth sharing permission
Used for accessing Bluetooth related functions such as scanning for
        devices, connecting with devices, and allowing data transfer between
        devices.
Camera permission
Used for accessing the camera or capturing images and video from the
        device.
Camera permission, without saving or recording
Used for accessing the camera or capturing images and video from the
        device.
This Application does not save or record the camera output.
Contacts permission
Used for accessing contacts and profiles on the User's device,
        including the changing of entries.
Microphone permission
Allows accessing and recording microphone audio from the User's
        device.
Photo Library permission
Allows access to the User's Photo Library.
Precise location permission (continuous)
Used for accessing the User's precise device location. This
        Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to
        provide location-based services.
Precise location permission (non-continuous)
Used for accessing the User's precise device location. This
        Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to
        provide location-based services.
The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that
        isn't continuous. This means that it is impossible for this
        Application to derive the exact position of the User on a continuous
        basis.
Sensors permission
Used for accessing data from sensors that Users may use to measure what
        is happening inside their body, such as for instance, heart rate.
Social media accounts permission
Used for accessing the User's social media account profiles, such
        as Facebook and Twitter.
Storage permission
Used for accessing shared external storage, including the reading and
        adding of any items.
Write-only Photo Library permission
Allows write-only access to the User's photo library.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the
        following services:
Access to third-party accounts
This type of service allows this Application to access Data from your
        account on a third-party service and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit
        authorization by the User.
Facebook account access (Facebook, Inc.)
This service allows this Application to connect with the User's
        account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook, Inc.
Permissions asked: Contact email.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and
        analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User
        behavior.
Google Analytics (Google LLC)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC
        (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and
        examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its
        activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the
        ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics
        service provided by Google LLC.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by
        Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or
        Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed
        explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies
        similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable
        device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile
        phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related
        sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Application opens; device information;
        geography/region; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google
        Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example).
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Beta Testing
This type of service makes it possible to manage User access to this
        Application, or parts of it, for the purpose of testing a certain
        feature or the entire Application.
The service provider may automatically collect data related to crashes
        and statistics related to the User's use of this Application in a
        personally identifiable form.
Google Play Beta Testing (Google LLC)
Google Play Beta Testing is a beta testing service provided by Google
        LLC.
Personal Data processed: Data communicated while using the service;
        device information; device logs; email address; Usage Data; various
        types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Device permissions for Personal Data access
This Application requests certain permissions from Users that allow it
        to access the User's device Data as described below.
Device permissions for Personal Data access (this Application)
This Application requests certain permissions from Users that allow it
        to access the User's device Data as summarized here and described
        within this document.
Personal Data processed: Approximate location permission (continuous);
        Approximate location permission (non-continuous); Bluetooth sharing
        permission; Camera permission; Camera permission, without saving or
        recording; Contacts permission; Microphone permission; Photo Library
        permission; Precise location permission (continuous); Precise location
        permission (non-continuous); Sensors permission; Social media accounts
        permission; Storage permission; Write-only Photo Library
        permission.
Handling payments
Unless otherwise specified, this Application processes any payments by
        credit card, bank transfer or other means via external payment service
        providers. In general and unless where otherwise stated, Users are
        requested to provide their payment details and personal information
        directly to such payment service providers. This Application isn't
        involved in the collection and processing of such information: instead,
        it will only receive a notification by the relevant payment service
        provider as to whether payment has been successfully completed.
Stripe (Stripe Inc)
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the
        privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Apple Pay (Apple Inc.)
Apple Pay is a payment service provided by Apple Inc., which allows
        Users to make payments using their mobile phones.
Personal Data processed: billing address; various types of Data as
        specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and
        behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance
        and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and
        mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter
        the activities of this Application.
Sentry (Functional Software, Inc. )
Sentry is a monitoring service provided by Functional Software, Inc.
        .
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the
        privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Interaction with live chat platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third-party live
        chat platforms directly from the pages of this Application, in order to
        contact and be contacted by this Application‘s support
        service.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and
        Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not
        actively use the service. Moreover, live chat conversations may be
        logged.
Tawk.to Widget (tawk.to ltd.)
The Tawk.to Widget is a service for interacting with the Tawk.to live
        chat platform provided by tawk.to ltd.
Personal Data processed: Data communicated while using the service;
        Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing: United Kingdom –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email
        contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate
        with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when
        the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted
        with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Firebase Cloud Messaging (Google LLC)
Firebase Cloud Messaging is a message sending service provided by
        Google LLC. Firebase Cloud Messaging allows the Owner to send messages
        and notifications to Users across platforms such as Android, iOS, and
        the web. Messages can be sent to single devices, groups of devices, or
        specific topics or User segments.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the
        privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
OneSignal (Lilomi, Inc.)
OneSignal is a message sending service provided by Lilomi, Inc.
OneSignal allows the Owner to send messages and notifications to Users
        across platforms such as Android, iOS, and the web. Messages can be sent
        to single devices, groups of devices, or specific topics or User
        segments. Depending on the permissions granted to this Application, the
        Data collected may also include precise location (i.e. GPS-level data)
        or WiFi information, apps installed and enabled on the User's
        device. This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices (including
        Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively)
        and technologies similar to cookies to run the OneSignal service.
The Data collected may be used by the service provider for
        interest-based advertising, analytics and market research. In order to
        understand OneSignal's use of Data, consult
OneSignal's privacy policy
.
Push notifications opt-out
Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by
        visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for
        mobile phones, and then changing those settings for some or all of the
        apps on the particular device.
Interest-based advertising opt-out
Users may opt-out of OneSignal advertising features through applicable
        device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile
        phones. Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may
        affect or change how these indicated settings work.
Personal Data processed: email address; geographic position; language;
        Tracker; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID
        or IDFA, for example); Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in
        the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components
        of this Application, therefore allowing the provision of this
        Application from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a
        wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user
        registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment
        processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal
        Data.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers,
        making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal
        Data are stored.
Apple App Store (Apple Inc.)
This Application is distributed on Apple's App Store, a platform
        for the distribution of mobile apps, provided by Apple Inc.
By virtue of being distributed via this app store, Apple collects basic
        analytics and provides reporting features that enables the Owner to view
        usage analytics data and measure the performance of this Application.
        Much of this information is processed on an opt-in basis.
Users may opt-out of this analytics feature directly through their
        device settings. More information on how to manage analysis settings can
        be found on
this page
.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to
        identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide
        registration and authentication services. In this case, this Application
        will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services,
        for registration or identification purposes.
Some of the services listed below may also collect Personal Data for
        targeting and profiling purposes; to find out more, please refer to the
        description of each service.
Google OAuth (Google LLC)
Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by
        Google LLC and is connected to the Google network.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the
        privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Firebase Authentication (Google LLC)
Firebase Authentication is a registration and authentication service
        provided by Google LLC. To simplify the registration and authentication
        process, Firebase Authentication can make use of third-party identity
        providers and save the information on its platform.
Personal Data processed: email address; username.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Further information about Personal Data
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User to achieve the
        purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by
        visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for
        mobile phones, and then change those settings for this Application, some
        or all of the apps on the particular device.
Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively
        affect the utility of this Application.
Push notifications based on the User's geographic location
This Application may use the User's geographic location to send
        push notifications for the purposes outlined in this privacy
        policy.
Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by
        visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for
        mobile phones, and then changing those settings for some or all of the
        apps on the particular device.
Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively
        affect the utility of this Application.
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the
        Owner.
Users entitled to broader protection standards may exercise any of the
        rights described below. In all other cases, Users may inquire with the
        Owner to find out which rights apply to them.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have
          previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal
          Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data
          if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
          Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the
          Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing
          and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and
          ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict
          the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process
          their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain
          the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another
          controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured,
          commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically
          feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any
          hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is
          processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the
          User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on
          pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent
          data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise
        of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the
        legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such
        processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation
        to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed
        for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any
        time without providing any justification. To learn whether the Owner is
        processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer
        to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner
        through the contact details provided in this document. These requests
        can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as
        early as possible and always within one month.
Applicability of broader protection standards
While most provisions of this document concern all Users, some
        provisions expressly only apply if the processing of Personal Data is
        subject to broader protection standards.
Such broader protection standards apply when the processing:
is performed by an Owner based within the EU;
concerns the Personal Data of Users who are in the EU and is related
          to the offering of paid or unpaid goods or services, to such
          Users;
concerns the Personal Data of Users who are in the EU and allows the
          Owner to monitor such Users’ behavior taking place in the
          EU.
Cookie Policy
This Application uses Trackers. To learn more, the User may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the
        Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising
        from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal
        personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this
        Application may provide the User with additional and contextual
        information concerning particular Services or the collection and
        processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any
        third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this
        Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP
        Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data
        may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact
        information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
This Application does not support “Do Not Track”
        requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the
        “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy
        policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at
        any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this
        Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible -
        sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the
        Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to
        the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis
        of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from
        the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other
        information — including a personal identification number —
        allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural
        person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or
        third-party services employed in this Application), which can include:
        the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users
        who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource
        Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the
        request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the
        numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer
        (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features
        of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the
        various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within
        the Application) and the details about the path followed within the
        Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and
        other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's
        IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified,
        coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body
        which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described
        in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body
        which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means
        of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures
        concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data
        Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this
        Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and
        processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative
        terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to
        the European Union include all current member states to the European
        Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the
        User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web
        beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the
        tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on
        the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of
        multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679
        (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated
        otherwise within this document.
Latest update: August 08, 2021