HalaMe's Privacy Policy
HalaMe's Privacy Policy
Welcome to HalaMe (the “Platform” or “APP”). The Platform is provided and controlled by HalaMe PTE. LTD. (“HalaMe”, “we” or “us”) This Terms of
      Service ("Terms") was written in English (US). This Terms is the legitimate agreement by and between You and HalaMe. To the extent any
      translated version of Terms agreement conflicts against the English version, this English version prevails.
The Summary
You should read this privacy policy because it will tell you exactly how your personal data is being looked after by HalaMe and it is very
      important for you to know. Here are the topics that we cover:
What information we collect and how we collect it.
How we use the information and who we share it with.
How you can access and update such information.
How we protect the information we store about you.
The full legal bit
We know that other people’s use of your personal data is a big concern for social network users, so we at HalaMe have developed the Policy to
      let you know how we use personal information ('personal data' or 'personal information'). We suggest you read it in conjunction with our Terms
      and Conditions of Use (the “Terms”). When you access or use HalaMe, you agree to our Privacy Policy and you consent to our collection, storage,
      use and disclosure of your personal information as we’ve set out in this Policy.
HalaMe reserves the right to change this Policy at any time and without notice, so be sure to check this Policy regularly to understand how we
      use your information.
By installing, using, registering to or otherwise accessing the services, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed
      consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY
      THEN YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE APP.
HalaMe user's information
To join HalaMe you will provide us with information about you to make friends easier?such as your nickname, your gender, your date of birth.
          Because you control your user profile, these details are available to you at any time by accessing your “Profile” page, which gives you the
          chance to correct or update your information at any time by just logging in to HalaMe.
What information does HalaMe collect?
Registration, Login, and Verification
When you register an account with HalaMe as a user, you are required to provide us with the following information:
Your mobile number and the SMS verification code: We will send a verification code via SMS to your mobile number, to verify your
                  identity. If you do not provide the verification code you receive, the registration will fail, and as a result, you will not be able
                  to use our Services. Please note that the mobile number you provide will be used as your user account for your subsequent use, and
                  as your user’s identity credential when you log in.
Password: You need to set a login password for your account as login verification information.
Date of Birth: Before you register a HalaMe account, you are required to provide us with your date of birth to assess whether you
                  are qualified to register as a user. If you are a minor you shall not use HalaMe app or Services.
Gender: When you register a HalaMe account, you are required to provide us with your gender in order to serve you with more targeted
                  matching services based on the gender information you provide. If you refuse to provide such information, the registration will
                  fail, you will not be able to use HalaMe app or Services.
Create Your Profile
You may create your profile by creating your avatar with the tool provided by us, setting your nickname, region and providing a
                  self-introduction of you.
Upload Content
When uploading Posts or commenting on other users’ Posts, you agree to share with us the text information posted, pictures, audio
                  and video uploaded. If you do not want to provide such information, please do not use functions related to content publication.
Chat
You may use HalaMe Services to chat with other registered users, freely choose between text chat and/or voice chat according to your
                  need. We collect your activity information including with whom you have talked, at which time and for how long. Unless specifically
                  required by applicable laws, we will not access to the chat content including your text and/or voice information. If you do not want
                  to provide such information, please do not use functions related to chatting.
Help & Support
If you have any feedback or suggestion or want to express your complaint to HalaMe app or services, you may provide your comments
                  through “Mine” - “Settings”- “Help & Feedback” within our App. You will need to describe the issue, upload proof photos, text to
                  help us understand your issues and find corresponding solutions. And we will receive your ticket of feedback also reply back.
Personal information automatically collected during the use of our App
When you use HalaMe, we will collect certain information from your device, including device model, device ID (Android ID, IMEI, IMSI,
              Mac address), software list, device running status information, operating system version, network log, internet connection situation,
              software usage records and IP address. We collect such information to perform bug analysis and take anti-spam measures, to ensure your
              normal use of HalaMe, and to safeguard your account security. The information mentioned above is the basic information we need to
              provide you with our services. If you refuse to provide such device information, we may not be able to provide you with the normal
              services.
We may also use the above mentioned information we collect automatically from your device to improve and optimize our product
              experience. In such circumstances, we will only process your device information based on your authorization and/or other available
              lawful basis provided in applicable data protection laws.
System permission inquired by HalaMe
As mentioned above, in order to provide you with HalaMe service, we may need to be granted permission to your system (not including
                  permissions granted to third parties) to collect relevant personal information.
After you grant us permission to push notification, we will send you push notifications for you to receive and understand our notice
                  in time. If you refuse to permit such access, you will not be able to receive our notifications.
Access to photo album and storage
After you grant us this access permission, we will access your photo album and use the storage function on your device. It will be
                  used for you to upload texts, pictures, videos and other content in your device, and to cache the text, picture and video content
                  generated during your use of HalaMe service. Please note that, we will not access your local storage content. If you refuse to grant
                  us such access, you will not be able to use the functions that require this access permission.
Access to microphone
After you grant us this access permission, we will use the microphone on your device and recognize the voice information you
                  transmit. This access will be used to perform voice input and voice changing functions, and to collect and recognize voice
                  information input while triggering such functions. If you refuse to permit such access, you will not be able to use the functions
                  that require this access permission.
Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you may provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Social Media you may decide to share information with us through your social media account, for instance if you decide to create and log
          into your HalaMe account via your social media or other account (e.g., Facebook, Google or Apple)
How we use your information
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:
help you efficiently access your information after you sign in;
remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;
provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing;
provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service;
develop and test new products and features;
monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;
diagnose or fix technology problems;
automatically update the APP on your device HalaMe or other Users may run contests, special offers or other events or activities
            ("Events") on the Service. If you do not want to participate in an Event, do not use the particular Metadata (i.e. hashtag) associated
            with that Event.
If I put other information about me on the HalaMe, what does HalaMe do with it?
HalaMe is a free social application, which provide a platform for you to make friends easily. When using the Service you should assume that
          anything you post or submit will be publicly viewable and accessible, both by users of the Service and non-Users of the Service. The viewers
          may share your information to other sites, such as Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, etc. You can also use our messaging/charting features
          which allow you to communicate with other users in public and/or privately. We recommend and encourage you (and all our users) to think
          carefully about the information you disclose about yourselves. We also do not recommend that you put email addresses, URLs, instant
          messaging details, phone numbers, full names or addresses, credit card details, national identity numbers, drivers’ licence details and
          other sensitive information in your Profile which is open to abuse and misuse.
Please be careful about posting sensitive details about yourself on you Profile such as your religious denomination and health details. When
          you post information about yourself or use messaging, the amount of personal information you share is at your own risk. If you post anything
          that is inconsistent with our Terms of Service we reserve the right to terminate your account.
Can HalaMe collect information about me from other sites I use, such as Facebook?
You can register with third party accounts on HalaMe. Remember that when you register with a HalaMe partner, you are also giving them
          personal information, so we recommend that you read their privacy policies as HalaMe does not control how they use their information.
If you have registered on one of our partner websites, or you have verified your account via a partner website, we may connect your HalaMe
          profile with your profile on such a partner website. We may do this by way of new products and applications which we introduce from time to
          time, including new products powered by our group companies.
Does HalaMe collect any other personal information about me?
If you contact our Customer Support team via feedback features in our Service or through any other means, we may receive your email address,
          your IP address as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query. When you provide feedback to us you automatically
          consent us to receive and use such information. You also consent that we are allowed to keep records of our communications with you,
          including any complaints that we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you).
Does HalaMe use my personal information for any other purpose?
We may use material that you post on the open access areas of HalaMe in advertising and promotional materials on our partner sites and
          partner products. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor your online experience to meet your needs.
When I put information about myself on HalaMe, what do the other users see?
To ensure you get to meet as many people as possible on HalaMe, other users get to see all information on your Profile. Any information you
          choose to provide should reflect how much you want other HalaMe users to know about you. The content you want to post in your moment you can
          select to whom you want your moments to be seen, before posting a content you can select “Public”, “Show to friends”, or show “only to
          yourself”. After posting you can also go to your profile page and select to delete it.
What am I allowed to do with other user’s personal information?
Use it to meet new friends and make new contacts! Beware that you may not use other users' information for commercial purposes, to spam, to
          harass, to threaten, or in any illegal activity. HalaMe reserves the right to terminate accounts from those who misuse other users'
          information.
Third parties
Does HalaMe sell my information to other parties?
Absolutely NO. We do not sell or rent out any personal information about you to any third party. HalaMe discloses aggregated non-personal
          data for marketing and promotional purposes. That means we do not disclose any information that could be used to identify you.
Does HalaMe disclose my information to other parties?
We may share aggregated information with such parties as Facebook that includes your personal information (but which doesn’t identify you
          directly), together with other information including log data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling.
HalaMe also wishes to maintain a healthy community, and we will cooperate with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or
          other rights. We will also cooperate with law enforcement enquiries from within and/or outside your country of residence. This may include
          disclosing your personal information to government or law enforcement agencies, or private parties, to protect the rights, property or
          safety of HalaMe and the users of APP, or to protect public interest when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is required by law or
          when we, in our discretion, believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, or those of third parties and/or to comply
          with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right
          available to us.
Shumei SDK: Account security risk control
Shumei SDK purpose for Data statistics and Anti-cheating. Collected information: (1) Basic equipment information, including equipment brand,
          equipment manufacturer, equipment model number, equipment name, equipment system type and version, equipment basic configuration, equipment
          basic settings, equipment environment; (2) Device identification information,Android ID, IDFV (Identifier For Vendor), IDFA (Identity for
          Advertisers), OAID (Open Anonymous Device Identifier).(3) Device network information, including network access form, wireless router
          identification (BSSID, SSID) and IP address, WIFI list, network operator information, network base station information, network connection
          status. (4) Device application information, including SDK host application package name and version number.
Data storage
HalaMe is a global social application operating through servers located in a number of countries around the world, including the United
          States. If you live in a country with data protection laws, the storage of your personal data may not provide you with the same protections
          as you enjoy in your country of residence. By submitting your personal information, or by choosing to upgrade the services you use, or by
          making use of the applications available on HalaMe, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to, and storage and processing of
          your personal information in, any such countries and destinations.
Security
How does HalaMe protect my personal information?
HalaMe has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the
          information under our control, including your personal information. HalaMe uses reasonable security measures to safeguard the
          confidentiality of your personal information such as secured servers using firewalls. Our technical experts at HalaMe work hard to ensure
          your secure use of our site.
While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website, member database and records, no website or Internet
          transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that authorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We
          urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use.
We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being transmitted to our site. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once
          we have received your information we have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent authorized access.
How do I help keep my information secure?
You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any third parties. If you lose your password or give it out, your
          personal information may be compromised. If that happens, please report it to our customer service via Feedback. HalaMe cannot be held
          responsible for your failure to keep your password secure and failure to do so may violate our Terms of Service.
How do I delete my account?
If you don’t want to use this app anymore and want to delete your account you can operate through “Mine” - “Settings”- “Delete account”
          within our App, your account will be deleted at your own confirmation immediately.
Please further note that the deletion of your account is irreversible. You understand that upon the deletion of your account, we could no
          longer provide you with HalaMe
Services, or collect your personal information. Therefore, we would suggest you be careful when choosing to delete your account.
Your rights
You can review and revise your profile information. Once you register, you will be able to review and change much of your personal
          information.
Miscellaneous
Copyright Notice
Copyright @ 2021 HalaMe. All rights are reserved. All materials in APP are the property of HalaMe and are protected by the copyright laws
          all over the world. You are authorized to use HalaMe and its contents solely for your personal, non-commercial purpose unless receiving
          specific written permission from HalaMe.
Disclaimer
HalaMe provide all materials in "as is" basis, and hereby disclaims any representations or warranties (expressed or implied) of any kind,
          including without limitation, any warranties of merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or other violation of
          rights arising from the use, accuracy or reliability of materials of the Service or any sites linked out. You acknowledge any information
          transmitted may be intercepted. HalaMe does not warrant that its service or the servers which make the Service available or electronic
          communications transmitted are free from viruses, worms, horses and other items of a destructive nature.
Links to Third Party Sites
There might be links direct you to third party web sites, these links are provided solely as a convenience for you. HalaMe does not endorse
          or make any representations or warranties about the contents, products, services available, or the security at such third party web sites.
Safe Harbor Provision
The information you obtain while using HalaMe may contain certain forward-looking statements, plans and objectives with respect to the
          financial condition, operation and business of HalaMe and/or any of its affiliate.The forward-looking statements are only predictions and
          are not guarantees of future performance. The forward-looking statements shall be subject to risks, uncertainties, and other uncontrollable
          factors include, but are not limited to, levels of consumer and business spending in major economies, the levels of marketing and
          promotional expenditures by HalaMe and its competitors, raw materials and employee costs, changes in future exchange and interest rates,
          changes in tax rates and technical changes, which could cause actual results materially different from those expressed or forecasted in the
          forward-looking statements.
Limitation of Liability
HalaMe WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE APP, ITS CONTENT OR
          LINKS,INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RELATED TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DEFECTS, DELAY IN OPERATION OR
          TRANSMISSION, VIRUS, APPLICATION FAILURE, AND ALL OTHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF
          HalaMe HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. HalaMe’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL LOSSES, DAMAGES, AND CAUSES OF
          ACTION,INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THOSE BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF APP, ITS CONTENT OR LINKS, SHALL
          NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF USD 200 DOLLARS.
Governing Laws
This Policy shall be governed by the most applicable laws to that event, which shall be decided by HalaMe. The jurisdiction and venue of any
          actions arising out of, or relating to or in any way connected with your access and/or use of this site shall be exclusively.
Prohibited Usage
You will not use the Service for any purpose that is unlawful or not allowed by HalaMe. You may not use our Service or its contents in any
          manner which could damage, disable,overburden, or interfere with any person to use this Service. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized
          access to the Service other accounts, computer systems or networks connection through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may
          not use or attempt to use this Service through any means unanticipated or intentionally made available by HalaMe.
IP Protection
HalaMe respects intellectual property laws and has adopted the following policy toward intellectual property infringement on its
          products/services. Reporting Instances of Intellectual Property Violations If you believe that any materials or contents in HalaMe‘s APP
          infringe copyrights, trademarks, patents, or trade secrets (collectively “IP Right”), please send a notice of IP Rights infringement to
          HalaMe's agent with a physical signature of the owner of the IP Right that has been allegedly infringed.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing, including its location on the HalaMe network, with sufficient detail so
            that HalaMe is capable of finding the material and verifying its existence. Please address your intention to remove the alleged infringed
            materials.
Contact information, including your name, address, telephone number, and email address.
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the IP Right owner, its agent or law.
A statement by you that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the IP Right owner or
            authorized to act on the IP Right owner's Behalf.
Agree to undertake compensation responsibility to HalaMe for any false and incorrect information addressed in above statements.
Objections to the Reporting
If you have received a IP Right warning from HalaMe, please contact the below Designated Agent for further discussions and clarifications.
          HalaMe will manage the issue in accordance with the Policy/terms and conditions specified by HalaMe. Note: The latest version of the Privacy
          policy will be updated on:
https://www.halame.live/privacy-policy