Disclaimer | IFRC
Skip to main content
English
Français
Español
العربية
Donate
Happening now
Emergency Appeals
Disaster Response Emergency Fund (DREF)
Anticipatory Pillar of the DREF
IFRC GO
IFRC network country plans
Media Hub
Press releases
Articles
People in the Red Vest Podcast
Red Cross Red Crescent Magazine
Advocacy hub
Climate crisis
Supporting people on the move
Localization
Community focus for global health risks
Covid-19
What is a disaster?
Learn about different hazards
Learn more
Our work
Disasters, Climate and Crises
Climate-smart disaster risk reduction
Disaster preparedness
Migration and displacement
Cash and voucher assistance
Health and care
Community health
Emergency health
Water, sanitation and hygiene
First aid
National Society Development
Funds for National Society Development
Branch development
Guidance for National Society Statutes
Inclusion, protection and engagement
Education
Protection, gender and inclusion
Youth engagement
Community engagement and accountability
Global plan 2022
Global plan
Our work in a world facing increased humanitarian needs
Learn more
Who we are
About the IFRC
Global Plan
Strategy 2030
Our history and archives
People and Structures
IFRC President
IFRC Secretary General
Global Leadership Team
IFRC Governance
The International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement
About National Societies
Directory
Reference centres
Fundamental Principles
Fundamental principles
Fundamental Principles
Fundamental Principles of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement
Learn more
Get involved
Partner with us
National Societies and governments
Multilaterals and international financial institutions
Private sector
Learn with us
IFRC Learning Platform
Solferino Academy
COVID-19 resources
Volunteer with us
Our volunteers
Global Volunteering Alliance
Campaign with us
World Red Cross and Red Crescent Day
International Volunteer Day
Reclaimed table for climate action
Migrants are #NotAlone
Work with us
Work with us
See our jobs, internships and consultancy opportunities
Learn more
Our promise
Trust and accountability
Annual Report
Internal audit and investigations
Data on the IFRC
Policies and key commitments
Do good
Report a concern
Staff Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct for our Movement and NGOs
Data protection
Global humanitarian services
Suppliers
Business opportunities
Annual report 2021
Annual report
Our achievements and how we use donor funds
Learn more
Resources
Documents
Appeals
Donor response
Evaluations and research
Statutory texts
IFRC Multimedia library
World Disasters Report 2022
Lessons from COVID-19 to avert the next global crisis
Read the report
Disclaimer
All information contained in this web site is Copyright © The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies. All rights reserved.
Use of our information
To use text information from this website, please obtain prior permission from the IFRC.
To use photographs from this website, please contact our
audiovisual department
.
If you have any questions about this website, or if you find any errors, please notify us.
Click here for important information about fraudulent websites and emails.
Our privacy policy
This website is operated by the Federation. The Federation takes your privacy and the security of your personal information—meaning any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual—seriously. Please take a moment to read this Privacy Policy and learn about the Federation’s general privacy and information security principles. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. This version of the Policy was published on November 29 2021.
A) Data collected by accessing our sites
1. Information you provide
On certain IFRC.org webpages, your personal data may be requested. For instance, it is necessary to obtain your email address, name and other data to sign up for a newsletter or make a donation. It is important to note that some of the features on IFRC.org sites require the use of third-party providers (please see Section F below for more detail).
You will also need to provide some personal data if you use the “contact us” link at the bottom of our pages. If there are any specific changes (relative to this privacy policy) to how your data is handled on those IFRC.org, those changes will be specified in the privacy policies located on the respective site.
2. Automatically or routinely collected
Just by visiting IFRC.org, certain metadata may still be collected and processed. While we have worked to minimize data collection, the following may be collected (and processed for the reasons set out in Section B of this Privacy Policy):
your internet protocol (IP) address (which may reveal your approximate location and time zone)
device ID (which indicates the type of device being used to access the platform and may also reveal the operating system used)
dates and time of use
requested URL
operating system you are using
3. IFRC.org also makes limited use of Cookies and analytics as further described below
Cookies are text files that contain small amounts of information that we may store on your device when you use our site. Cookies enable us to monitor site traffic and estimate our audience size and usage pattern as well as allowing us to store information about your preferences to allow us to customize our site according to those preferences. They also help us to improve our site and deliver a more personalized service. We use the following types of cookies in connection with our site:
Strictly Necessary: These cookies enable our site to function correctly and deliver the services and products visitors have requested. These cookies do not gather information about the visitors that could be used for marketing or remembering sites that visitors have visited on the internet.
Performance and Functionality: These cookies do things like remember a visitor’s preferred language, understand their preferences and associates users to any forms visitor’s submit to use to enable pre-completion of subsequent forms.
Analytical: These cookies help us analyze how our site is used, such as allowing us to compile reports on website activity and providing us other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
User Authentication: These social media cookies allow visitors to login to share and promote their activities via social media.
Our site will issue cookies to your device when you log on to the site. Cookies may either be permanent (i.e. remaining on your device until you delete them) or temporary (i.e. remaining only until you close your browser). Most browsers permit you to reject or delete cookies.
Certain browsers and devices allow you to block cookies. If you do choose to block cookies, you may not be able to use certain features on our site and/or may be required to re-enter information more frequently to use certain services on the site.
B) How is this information used?
This information is used to improve our service, compile statistics (including on consultation) and to communicate with you. More specifically, it is used:
to reply to your requests for information
to enable you to use certain interactive functions (e.g. download data, save files)
to provide services or give help
to improve our website, communication, products and services; to compile statistics on consultation, and to understand what content matters most to the community
to maintain the security and integrity
to ensure that content is presented in the way that suits you best
C) Data access and sharing
As a general rule, the Federation will not disclose any information identifying you personally, except with your permission. Information you provide to the Federation will not be sold to third parties or used in a manner inconsistent with the aims of the website.
Information may be shared with the Federation membership or other components of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, to further facilitate humanitarian assistance. Some information identifying donors to the Federation is forwarded to third parties for purely technical and administrative processing (such as for payment processing). These parties are not authorized to distribute, sell or rent user information.
Further, your data will only be accessible to those staff (and other authorized individuals) that have a legitimate need to have such access.
D) Storage, security, questions about your data
The Federation uses secure systems and implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard your personal information and protect it against unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction, or damage. While we take reasonable measures to protect your personal information, please be aware that no system can guarantee 100% security.
Where it is necessary for your personal data to be shared with third parties, we will take reasonable measures to ensure that your personal data continues to be treated securely.
These measures may be specific contractual provisions requiring those third parties to implement no less equivalent security measures than those of the Federation. Please be aware of this when sending any communications. We cannot (and do not) guarantee absolute security.
Under certain circumstances, you may request to review personal information we hold about you. You may also object to certain personal data processing and/or request the correction or deletion of such personal data according to our
Policy on the Protection of Personal Data
. More detail about data subject requests can be found in Section 3 of that Policy.
For further information on how the IFRC processes personal data, please consult our
Data Protection page
.
Here you may also find general information, useful tools for humanitarians, and information specific to procurements and other partners of the Federation.
Please contact the following departments for personal data questions related to:
Donations:
[email protected]
Recruitment:
[email protected]
General webpage collection:
[email protected]
Other data protection enquiries:
[email protected]
E) Privileges and immunities
Nothing in or relating to this Privacy Policy or this site shall be deemed a waiver of any of the privileges and immunities of the Federation.
F) Note on links to external websites
Please note that this privacy policy only applies to the IFRC.org website. It does not apply to pages hosted by other organizations, including National Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies and the International Committee of the Red Cross, which have their own privacy policies.
Additionally, some IFRC.org webpages may: 1) incorporate or redirect to third-party service providers (such as Mailchimp or Lyris for the management of mailing lists, Podio for advocacy engagement, or Cornerstone for recruitment) and 2) contain links to third-party sites, such as Facebook, YouTube or Twitter, for example. These third-party and external sites (and any other non-IFRC.org sites) will typically have their own privacy policies and data handling practices that the FRC does not control. You are strongly encouraged to review those relevant privacy policies.
Share:
Share on X
Share on Facebook
Share on Linkedin
About the IFRC
The IFRC is the world’s largest humanitarian network, comprising 191 National Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies working to save lives, build community resilience, strengthen localization and promote dignity around the world.
Footer menu
For staff
Careers
Contact
Alumni Association
Fednet
Learning Platform
For journalists
Media hub
Press releases
Rights-free AV
Images
For donors
Partner with us
Appeals
Evaluations and research
Annual Report
Donor response
Follow us
Facebook
Instagram
Linkedin
Tiktok
X
Youtube
Donate
© 2024 - IFRC
Legal
Accessibility statement
|
Sitemap
|
Disclaimer
|
Fraud notice
|
Contact us
|
Report a concern