Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This Privacy policy describes how we (
Weather Forecast - WaiWao Studio
) collect the information when you use our apps or games downloaded from Google Play Store.
Your privacy is very important to our application services. Our Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information. We want our policies to be simple and easy to understand. Please take a moment to review the details of our privacy practices below.
What information do we collect?
Location Information
When you use a location-enabled Weather app service, we may detect your general location to provide the accurate weather information of your general area automatically.
If you don’t allow it, we’re unable to collect direct location information, you may manually enter a location to get the weather information of your location.
Other information that we collect
-Information about your device and device capabilities
-Your activities on the Services
-Advertising identifiers
-Referring URL
How We Collect Information
We collect information to provide you with better, higher quality and more personalized services. We collect information in the following ways:
1. When you use our email support service, we will collect your letters in order to build a public knowledge base for all users of the website. Your letter will most likely not be used verbatim, but explained in FAQ format.
2. The data we collect depends on the background of your interaction with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and functions you use. The data we collect may include SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent device identifier, and Android advertiser identification character, network card (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) device model, terminal manufacturer, terminal device operating system version, session start/stop time, language location, time zone and network status (WiFi and etc.), hard disk, CPU, battery usage, etc.
How We Use Information
We use the information collected through this application product:
(I) communicate with you;
(II) to process your requests and transactions;
(3) Improve the application;
(iv) customize our services and/or products to you;
(V) to assist with our product and service development;
(6) conduct marketing analysis;
(VII) Other purposes related to our business.
Sharing of personal data
In order to improve our products and provide you with better services, we also share personal data with suppliers or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, companies we hire to provide data analysis services may need to collect and access personal data in order to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must comply with our data privacy and security requirements.
Legal basis for data processing
As stated above, we process personal data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Our legal bases for processing personal data include the following processing: Necessary to perform a contract with you (for example, to provide you with services you have requested and to identify and verify your identity so that you can use the website); Necessary to comply with legal requirements necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services communications); and based on the consent of our customers (for example, placing certain cookies and sharing your information with third parties for advertising purposes).
In some cases, you may need to provide us with personal data for the processing described above, so that we can provide you with all our services and allow you to use all the functions of our application.
International transfers of personal data
Our business may require us to transfer your personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including countries such as the People’s Republic of China or Singapore. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your personal data are bound by a duty of confidentiality and implement measures such as standard contractual clauses. You may obtain a copy of these Terms by contacting our Help Center.
Your rights
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to object to or request restriction of the processing of your personal data and to request access, correction, deletion and portability of your own personal data.
Where the use of your information is based on your consent, you may withdraw that consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent prior to its withdrawal.
Requests should be submitted by contacting us via our developer account email on Google Play.
If you discover that your information has changed or is inaccurate, you should notify us of such changes so that our records can be updated or corrected. You can lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe that our processing of your personal data violates applicable law.
We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws (such as tax and accounting laws).
Third party accounts
Our application service does not store any other third-party service passwords. Your account information will not be disclosed to this application, and you can cancel any social networking site connection with this application at any time.
Transparency and Choice
You can also control which social networking sites you want to share or upload.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may occasionally change. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without express prior notice. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, in the event of material changes, we will provide a more prominent notice (such as an email notification).
Other
Facebook Ads Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
/
Google Ads Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Play Refund policies:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2479637#policy
Google Privacy & Terms
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us.
Last Update: October 27, 2023
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse