Privacy Policy  مكتبة القصص العالمية
الرئيسية
اتصل بنا
الخصوصية
android azo
الرئيسية
اكواد
تطبيقاتي
_مكتبة القصص العالمية برو
_ملك تحميل حالات الواتساب
_كل التطبيقات
اغلاق
Privacy Policy  مكتبة القصص العالمية
مكتبة القصص العالمية team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how  مكتبة القصص العالمية collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with مكتبة القصص العالمية’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES.  مكتبة القصص العالمية reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If  مكتبة القصص العالمية makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy,  مكتبة القصص العالمية may post a notice on مكتبة القصص العالمية’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data  مكتبة القصص العالمية may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all  مكتبة القصص العالمية users.
مكتبة القصص العالمية may use and disclose to مكتبة القصص العالمية’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other  مكتبة القصص العالمية services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by  مكتبة القصص العالمية may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by  مكتبة القصص العالمية is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account
information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook.  مكتبة القصص العالمية also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
مكتبة القصص العالمية may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other  مكتبة القصص العالمية services and products.  مكتبة القصص العالمية may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases,  مكتبة القصص العالمية may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to مكتبة القصص العالمية. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile.  مكتبة القصص العالمية may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by  مكتبة القصص العالمية and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
مكتبة القصص العالمية collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally,  مكتبة القصص العالمية may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
مكتبة القصص العالمية may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on مكتبة القصص العالمية’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by مكتبة القصص العالمية. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes.  مكتبة القصص العالمية may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers.  مكتبة القصص العالمية has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for مكتبة القصص العالمية.  مكتبة القصص العالمية is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
مكتبة القصص العالمية may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or  مكتبة القصص العالمية to legal liability.  مكتبة القصص العالمية may also disclose your personal data to third parties when  مكتبة القصص العالمية has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with مكتبة القصص العالمية’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or  مكتبة القصص العالمية believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect  مكتبة القصص العالمية ’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on مكتبة القصص العالمية. To the extent permitted by applicable law,  مكتبة القصص العالمية will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through مكتبة القصص العالمية’s website or in another reasonable manner.
Safeguards
مكتبة القصص العالمية follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in مكتبة القصص العالمية’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in مكتبة القصص العالمية’s possession. Personal data collected by  مكتبة القصص العالمية is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data,  مكتبة القصص العالمية maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite مكتبة القصص العالمية’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services  مكتبة القصص العالمية may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality.  مكتبة القصص العالمية is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services.  مكتبة القصص العالمية takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times.  مكتبة القصص العالمية does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if  مكتبة القصص العالمية learns that  مكتبة القصص العالمية has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age,  مكتبة القصص العالمية will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from مكتبة القصص العالمية’s records.
مكتبة القصص العالمية may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy.  مكتبة القصص العالمية may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of مكتبة القصص العالمية’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
مكتبة القصص العالمية regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If  مكتبة القصص العالمية receives a formal written complaint from you, it is مكتبة القصص العالمية’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns.  مكتبة القصص العالمية will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and مكتبة القصص العالمية.
3rd party services
We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.
Advertising
3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on  مكتبة القصص العالمية apps, possibly based on user interests.
AdMob
We use admob  ad server. Please see admob Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Analytics
3rd party analytics services allow us to monitor and analyze app usage, better understand our audience and user behavior.
Firebase Analytics
We use Firebase Analytics to collect, monitor and analyze log data, including frequency of use, length of time spent in the app, in order to improve functionality and user-friendliness of our apps. Please see Firebase Privacy Policy – https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics
Google Play Services
Google Analytics is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google utilizes the collected data to track and examine the use of  مكتبة القصص العالمية Apps, to prepare reports on user activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. (https://policies.google.com/privacy/)
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Contact Us
azizakren05@gmail.com
azo android مقالات وشروحات في برمجة تطبيقات الاندرويد
موقعنا يستخدم ملفات تعريف الارتباط, لتحسين تجربة المستخدم
عرض التفاصيل
حسنًا