Privacy Policy — Golf Pad
<
!-Chat widget -->
<!-end Chat widget -->
New Folder
Free App
Golf Pad TAGS®
FAQ
Blog
Player Dashboard
New Folder
Free App
Golf Pad TAGS®
FAQ
Blog
Player Dashboard
Privacy Policy
Golf Pad, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: August 22, 2021
Introduction
Golf Pad, Inc. Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect and use the information, and help you make informed decisions when using Golf Pad GPS
™
application and website. By using or accessing Golf Pad GPS
™
, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What information is collected
When you purchase Golf Pad GPS
™
application or register or sign in within the application or use the Golf Pad GPS website, Golf Pad TAGS
™
or Golf Pad LINK
™
, Golf Pad, Inc. collects information that may include your name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail address, login name, and more.
Golf Pad, Inc. may provide you with an option to connect via Facebook, through our website or application. If you log into Facebook, Golf Pad, Inc. will request permission to access your basic information, which includes your name, profile picture, gender, user id, and any other information that you have made public on Facebook. For information about how Facebook may disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult the Facebook Privacy Policy.
Finally Golf Pad GPS
™
application routinely collects information required for its regular operation, such as location, scoring, course selections, device details, and more.
Background location access
Golf Pad GPS
™
application requests background location permission to provide accurate rangefinder distances without delay. When the option is enabled, the application keeps phone's GPS sensor active during the round, so location reading is always current and accurate. Whenever you glance at the phone screen to check the distance to the green, you will see the actual correct distance right away.
You may choose instead to only grant location access
'while using the app'
, Golf Pad will continue to work. However it will take some time to re-acquire current location whenever you resume the app to check distances during a golf round, and even longer to get the most accurate GPS reading. Additionally, Golf Pad will not be able to continuously update distances on smartwatches, or compute statistics like
distance walked
.
Golf Pad DOES NOT use background location unless you are playing a round of golf using the application.
Use of information
We use the information to operate Golf Pad GPS application and website, for internal business operations and to respond to your support requests in a timely fashion. From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities, and deliver promotion emails or messages to Golf Pad users on their behalf. You can opt out of such messages at any time using the ‘Unsubscribe’ link included in the message. Golf Pad DOES NOT share the personally identifiable Information about you, including the name and contact information, to such persons or entities.
We may disclose personal information collected if we have received your permission beforehand or when such disclosure is required by law.
You can request to have the information deleted at any time by sending an email to support@golfpadgps.com or using this online form:
https://support.golfpadgps.com/support/tickets/new
Google Maps APIs
We use Google Maps APIs and this privacy policy incorporates the Google Privacy Policy (currently
http://www.google.com/privacy.html
) as amended by Google from time to time.
Children’s privacy
Golf Pad, Inc. complies with Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws. Therefore we restrict our Web site to persons eighteen years or older.
YOU MUST BE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OR OLDER TO ACCESS THIS WEB SITE. IF YOU ARE UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO ACCESS THIS WEB SITE FOR ANY REASON. DUE TO THE AGE RESTRICTIONS FOR USE OF THIS WEB SITE, NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY THIS WEB SITE, FALLS WITHIN THE CHILD ONLINE PRIVACY ACT (COPA) AND IS NOT MONITORED AS DOING SO.
Cookies
Like most websites, Golf Pad, Inc. uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. Cookies help us keep a record of your preferences, provide general internal and customer analysis and assist in identifying possible fraudulent activities.
You may configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Security
Golf Pad, Inc. takes appropriate precautions to protect our users information. However Golf Pad, Inc. makes no representations or warranties with regard to the sufficiency of these security measures. Golf Pad, Inc. shall not be responsible for any damages that result from a lapse in compliance with this Privacy Policy because of a security breach, technical malfunction or similar problem.
Policy Changes
Golf Pad, Inc. may opt to expand its capabilities for obtaining information about users in the future. Golf Pad, Inc. reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this Privacy Policy agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted in the application or on the web site. Your continued use of Golf Pad GPS
™
after Privacy Policy changes are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of our Privacy Policy and its modifications.
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about Privacy Policy, please email us at
support@golfpadgps.com
Top
support
Player Dashboard
Free Tournament Management Software
Where to buy
Affiliate
Golf Pad Reviews
About
Become a Dealer
terms
Privacy
Have questions? View our
support portal
or email support@golfpadgps.com.