Site Privacy Policy & Your California Privacy Rights - Simon
Skip to content
SHOPPERS
BUSINESS
INVESTORS
CAREERS
CONTACT
Find Nearby Centers
Quick Links
Find Nearby Centers
See All Properties
Mall Insider
VIP Club
Brands
Simon Giftcard
®
Travel & Tourism
Suggested Results
Legal Information & Notices
PRIVACY
POLICY
LEGAL NOTICES
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
California Privacy Rights
Web Accessibility Statement
API Terms of Use
Code of Conduct
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Digital Assets Terms of Use
Directories & Screens Privacy Policy
Diversity & Inclusion Policy
Mobile Text Terms of Use
Retailer Showcase Terms of Use
Social Media Guidelines
Suppliers Code of Conduct
Tax Documents Access Agreement
User Generated Content Terms of Use
VIP Passport Participation Agreement
Wi-Fi Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
California Privacy Rights
Web Accessibility Statement
API Terms of Use
Code of Conduct
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics
Digital Assets Terms of Use
Directories & Screens Privacy Policy
Diversity & Inclusion Policy
Mobile Text Terms of Use
Retailer Showcase Terms of Use
Social Media Guidelines
Suppliers Code of Conduct
Tax Documents Access Agreement
User Generated Content Terms of Use
VIP Passport Participation Agreement
Wi-Fi Terms of Use
Last Updated: December 15, 2022
Contents/Quick Links
Purpose and Applicability
What We Collect and How
How We Use Information
How We Share Information
Do Not Sell My Personal Information; Opt-out; Children; State-specific Rights (e.g.,
                                California, Nevada, etc.)
Notice of Financial Incentive
Information Security
Non-US Residents
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Difficulty Accessing this Privacy Notice
Purpose and Applicability
This Privacy Policy/Notice (“Notice”) sets out the privacy practices of Simon Property Group, L.P. and
                        its affiliated entities (“Simon”) for their websites (“Sites”), mobile applications
                        (“Apps”), touch-screen directories (“Directories”) in Simon-affiliated properties
                        (“Properties”), digital out-of-home ad panels in Properties which include large-format LED screens
                        (“Screens”), closed-circuit security systems at the Shopping Properties (“Security Systems”), and
                        Internet-based activities (“Web Services”), including, without limitation, the Sites at
simon.com
,
premiumoutlets.com
,
premiumoutlets.ca
,
retailersupport.simon.com
,
helpme.simon.com
,
business.simon.com
,
investors.simon.com
,
careers.simon.com
,
said.simon.com
,
dashboard.simon.com
,
maintenance.simon.com
,
traveltrade.simon.com
,
exit.simon.com
,
syf.org
,
simon-tourism.force.com
,
simonmuse.com
and
simon.travel
(including all of its subdomains). The Web Services include, without limitation, the
Simon API
,
                        e-mail, push notifications and SMS/MMS communications and the
Simon Wi-Fi network
in Properties. The Sites, together with the Apps, Web Services, Directories, Screens, and
                        Security System are the “Platform.”
Simon or the Simon-affiliated entity that operates a Site or App is identified within that Site or App. The words
                        “user,” “you” and “your” mean users of any part of the Platform, and the words
                        “we,” “our”, and “us” mean Simon or the Simon-affiliated entity that operates the
                        applicable portion of the Platform.
This Notice explains the information that we gather about you while you use the Platform, the ways in which we use,
                        secure, and share that information, and your rights regarding your personal information. Also, this Notice sets forth
                        state specific rights you may have, including, for example,
if you are a
                            California “consumer”
as set forth in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and its subsequent amendment of the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA").
1. What We Collect and How
Personal information means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or could be reasonably associated or linked with a particular person or household.
                        It also includes other information that may be associated with you, such as your usage data, location, preferences, or interests, if that information can be used to
                        identify you or your household. The types of personal information we collect about you depend on your interactions with us and are described in more detail below.
                        We collect information through the Platform, including personal information about you. Some information you may enter or provide to us yourself, while other information,
                        like cookie, location, and device data, we gather or derive through various means. We will retain that information for so long as you have an account or we have a legal or
                        business purpose for it, unless otherwise stated herein. The following explains what we collect and how we collect it.
Simon collects the following categories of personal information:
Individual Identifiers:
includes your name, username, date of birth, contact information such as mailing address, phone number and email address.
Payment and Transactional Information:
includes your payment and transactional information including Services purchased.  Note that we use third party payment processors to facilitate your payments and only store your payment information in limited situations (with encryption and often tokenization applied).
Usage and Technical Information:
includes features that gather information about how users use our Sites and/or Apps. This assists us with keeping track of preferences, creating a more tailored user experience, and better serving users’ particular interests and needs. This information may include: IP addresses, website and/or app pages viewed and the duration, browser or operating system information, mobile device type, system settings, and aggregate and/or deidentified data related to a person’s interaction with our Sites and/or Apps.
Communications with Us, Preferences, and Other Information you Provide to Us:
includes any messages, opinions, and feedback that you provide to us, your user preferences (such as in receiving updates or marketing information), and other information that you share with us when you contact us directly (such as for customer support services).
Please note, that we appreciate all feedback you provide regarding the Platform. However, any feedback or comments sent to the Platform shall be and remain the exclusive property of Simon. We reserve the right to share your feedback with other Simon personnel or third parties of our choosing in order to improve our Platform.
1.1 Information You Enter or Provide to Us Directly
You may provide us with information in order to use, or participate in, certain features of the Platform, including,
                        without limitation: registering for an account; for
Simon Giftcard
®
,
Simon Rewardcard Visa Prepaid Card,
or
American Express Simon Rewardcard
purchases;
retailer gift card purchases
;
gift card registrations
;
gift card activations
; creating a
gift card account
;
gift card balance checks
; requesting an eReciept for a gift card purchase, opening up a
Simon® American Express® Credit Card from Cardless
account, using one of many
"Contact Us" forms
;
applying for a job
; registering for or using the
Simon retailer showcase program
; using the in-Property
Simon Wi-Fi network
; signing up for
Simon press release news alerts
; submitting a survey response;
requesting support or assistance
; leaving a comment within a
Simon SAID
®
story; creating a
Premium Outlets VIP Shopper Club
account; signing up for
e-mail newsletters
(a/k/a the
Simon Mall Insider
®
program); signing up for
Simon Muse
e-mail newsletters; direct messaging us via Instagram or Twitter; starting a conversation with us on
Facebook Messenger
; posting to Simon-affiliated
social media sites
or participating in Simon-sponsored social media contests or sweepstakes; joining or using the
Simon Travel Trade community
; signing up for
mobile SMS alerts
(a/k/a the
Mobile Shopper Club
®
);
making a donation
or
applying for a scholarship
with the Simon Youth Foundation; RSVP'ing to an event; sharing a picture to be featured within a
Simon SAID
image gallery; or playing any instant win game or sweepstakes online.
Accounts.
If you register for an account at one of the Sites, Apps, or the Simon Wi-Fi Network, you will need to
                        provide certain information, such as your first and last name, password, and e-mail address. You may also have the
                        option to provide additional information for a user profile, such as your photo, demographic information, and
                        birthdate. You may log into your account to access and edit certain information associated with your account, such as
                        your contact information.
Online Purchases.
If you make a purchase on the Platform, you will need to provide the following information:
Financial Information. To pay for your Simon Giftcard® purchase you will either be redirected to the
                            retailer's website where you will pay the retailer directly, or we will collect your credit card number and associated
                            information, which we process in order to fulfill your purchase. In order to provide information for your receipts and
                            past orders and to facilitate future orders you may make, at your request, we may store your credit card information. If you are
                            making a purchase of a Simon Giftcard or other merchandise from a Simon Guest Services or Property Management Office location in one of our shopping centers
                            and opt to receive an eReceipt, a permanent token of your credit or debit card that is being used to pay for your gift
                            card purchase will be stored in a secure manner.
Purchase & Shipping Information. We collect the information in your Cart, such as the specific Simon Giftcard or other type of
                            products that you wish to order and the billing and shipping information for those Giftcards or products, including the
                            recipient's first name, last name, mailing address, e-mail address and telephone number.
Other Places You Provide Information.
You may have the opportunity to provide information at other areas of the
                        Platform. You understand and agree that when you
                        provide us with photographs, audio, video, blog or social media posts, or other original
                        content through the Platform as described in this section of the Notice, you are agreeing
                        to our
Terms of Use for User-generated Content
. The
                        following are examples of other places on the Platform in which you provide us
                        information or content:
Communications with us. If you provide feedback through a form or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name
                            and e-mail address, as well as any other content or information you provide.
Surveys, promotions, etc. We collect information you provide by participating in surveys, sweepstakes, contests,
                            promotions or other solicitations.
Public postings. We may also collect information you post at other areas of the Platform, such as public areas of
                            the Platform including message boards, blogs, social media sites, and reviews.
Human Verification Online. On many of our web forms on the Sites and Apps, we utilize the Google Enterprise reCAPTCHA service
                            to fight spam and abuse on our Platform and verify that you are a human and not a “bot” based on a score
                            returned to us from Google’s servers after you interact with that third-party service. The use of reCAPTCHA is
                            noted by the presence of a badge image that appears in the bottom right corner of a user’s screen. For
                            clarity, web forms on the Sites and Apps that incorporate the third-party reCAPTCHA service are also subject to
Google’s
                                Privacy Policy
and
Google's
                                Terms of Use
.
Augmented Reality. You may provide us with information in order to use, or participate in,
                            certain features of the Platform, such as taking a selfie photograph, interacting with an augmented reality
                            (“AR”) application that creates an image of some or all parts of your face, or texting a web
                            link to your mobile phone number in one of our Shopping Properties. Any selfie photograph(s) you take and/or AR images
                            that you create (does not include photograph(s) that are over-written with re-takes) are publicly stored and hosted
                            on a cloud image server. We also store privately and securely any mobile phone numbers shared with us
                            in order to maintain a required contact history and opt-in / opt-out status.
Offline Bulk Gift Card Purchases. If you qualify for buying gift cards in bulk from us in-center, you may need to
                            provide certain information, such as your first and last name, billing address, email address, phone number, date of
                            birth, federal tax ID, a U.S. government or state issued ID (ex. military ID, passport number, state driver’s
                            license or state identification card number) and/or your social security number in order for us to be able to verify
                            and sell you certain denominations of gift cards and/or volume of gift cards. We will then securely store this
                            information as required by law or our financial partners.
Applying for the Simon® American Express® Credit Card from Cardless (“Simon Card”). As a condition of applying
                            for a Simon Card on
Cardless’ Web site
,
                            Cardless requires you to opt-in to the creation of either a Simon Mall Insider® account or a Simon Premium Outlets® VIP
                            Shopper Club account if you do not already have one of those accounts. If you are approved for a Simon
                            Card account, Cardless will share with Simon certain personally identifiable information that you entered at Cardless’
                            Web site to apply or related to your qualifying purchases, which may include your full name, email address, birth month
                            and year, country, ZIP code, purchasing “persona” category as defined by Simon, and Cardholder Rewards Program points
                            earned at Simon Properties and in total across all qualifying purchases. Simon will use this information to
                            (i) establish a new or identify an existing Simon account (ii) to verify qualifying rewards purchases, and (iii) to
                            provide you with meaningful communications, offers, and benefits related to your Simon account based on this information.
                            Simon will also receive non-identifiable aggregated Cardholder Rewards Program purchase data on all Simon Card accounts.
                            For important information and details regarding the use and sharing of your personal information by Cardless, including your
                            ability to restrict or limit sharing of such information, please refer to
Cardless’ Privacy Policy
.
1.2 Information We May Gather from You; Cookies, Device, Location, and Other Site Visit Information
Information collected on Sites.
When you access any of the Sites through a web browser, including on mobile devices,
                        we collect technical information that identifies your computer, software, browser settings and Internet Service
                        Provider (ISP). This includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address (a unique number that is automatically assigned to your
                        computer when you access the web); your network MAC address (a unique number that is assigned to your network card by the
                        manufacturer); your AdID (the unique identifier assigned to you for advertising purposes); your network operator; your browser
                        type and version; your operating system and version; your domain name; your device's preferred language; country information
                        configured in your browser; a randomly assigned, unique user identification number (UID) set by us; and/or other
                        characteristics relating to your device, its software and the mode of communication with us; as well as information
                        regarding your visit to any Site, such as the date, time and duration of a visit, the specific webpages you visit, the
                        links you click throughout any Site, and/or the external websites from which you arrived at any Site or to which you
                        linked from any Site (see our
Cookie
                            Policy
for more information). When you use the Sites, we also collect location data that is provided by
                        your ISP or a third party data provider, such as your ZIP code, city, and state. You may choose not to accept cookies
                        using your browser. See our
Cookie
                            Policy
for more information.
Information collected on Mobile Apps.
When you access any of the Apps using
                        your mobile device, we collect the unique device ID number of the mobile device; the unique identifier assigned to
                        your mobile device for advertising purposes, such as your Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) on iOS devices or your
                        Google Advertising ID (AAID) on Android devices; your Bluetooth MAC address (a unique number that is assigned to your
                        Bluetooth radio by the manufacturer); as well as information about your mobile device model, operating system and
                        version, and/or mobile communications carrier. When you access any of the Apps using your mobile device, we may collect the
                        location data (such as your current latitude/longitude coordinates) that is provided by your mobile device if you
                        enable that feature on your device and choose to share your location with us.
Information collected over Wi-Fi.
We use Wi-Fi technologies and, at times, Bluetooth (BLE) Beacons within our Properties
                        that may communicate with your device and identify your device's location. If your device is Bluetooth and/or Wi-Fi
                        enabled and you have these functions enabled, we may collect certain device and network information such as your device’s MAC
                        Address, your device manufacturer (such as Apple or Samsung), and signal strength.
When you are near a Simon Wi-Fi network with a Wi-Fi enabled mobile device, our Wi-Fi access points (i.e., the
                        hardware devices that allow a Wi-Fi enabled mobile device to connect to our Wi-Fi network) may automatically detect
                        the presence of your mobile device and capture its “MAC Address” (meaning the number that your mobile
                        device automatically broadcasts if the Wi-Fi feature is turned on to help it connect to Wi-Fi Access points). We refer
                        to this information as “General Visit Information.” General Visit Information is collected that identifies the
                        location of your mobile device as it moves across different locations within the Properties that use this technology. For
                        clarity, this information is automatically collected if your device’s Wi-Fi is enabled, even if you do not
                        actually “connect” to a Simon Wi-Fi network.
Wi-Fi data collection is done by both Simon directly and via various third-party vendors which have agreed to keep your information confidential and only help us
                        process your data for the purposes stated in this Notice.
When you register to use the Simon Wi-Fi network we provide at our Properties, you will be
                        required to consent to our
Wi-Fi
                            Network Terms of Use
and provide certain registration information. Registration information will include
                        personally identifiable information (including but not limited to your name, e-mail address and/or mobile phone number).
Information Collected Off-line for Security Purposes.
Simon maintains photographic and video (which may include
                        audio) surveillance as part of the Security System at the Properties for the protection of shoppers, tenants, employees,
                        the Center, and, in each case, their property. Simon may take and store images or video of you, including thermal scans, any
                        merchandise you have with you, and your vehicle (including license plate information) when you visit the Properties or
                        drive through the parking lot at one of the Properties as part of the Security System. Simon may review such images or
                        video taken by the Security System and take appropriate action, including providing copies of any such images or video
                        to governmental authorities, including, without limitation, law enforcement and public health officials, for the personal safety of or to protect or recover the property of our shoppers, tenants,
                        employees, or the Center. Simon may retain any images or video taken by the Security System for a reasonable amount of
                        time to fulfill the purposes stated in this paragraph of the Notice.
Sensitive Personal Information. With your consent, we may process the following categories of sensitive personal information in certain limited situations:
Geolocation data;
Social security number;
Driver’s license number;
Military identification number;
State identification card number; and/or
Passport number.
2. How We Use Information
Platform Operation.
We use the information we collect for the purposes for which it is collected, as described above, such as to enable you to use, or participate in, certain features of the Platform. We use the information we collect to operate, maintain and improve the Platform and our products and services, such as to respond to comments and questions and provide customer service; send information including
                        confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
                        link or combine the information we collect
                        with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your interests and provide you with better
                        service; or content, to improve our Platform, or to communicate with you regarding promotions, upcoming events, and
                        other products and services offered by us and/or by third parties, including through the use of contextual and
                        interest-based advertising; protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity;
                        provide and deliver the products and services you request; identify you as a user in our system, such as when we feel
                        it is necessary to enforce compliance with our
Terms of
                            Use
or to protect the Platform, customers, or other individuals; facilitate the creation of and secure any
                        accounts you created on our Platform; develop and improve marketing and advertising for the Platform; and/or for other
                        purposes in operating the Platform.
We may also create de-identified information records and "aggregate data" reports about how users use the Platform, such
                        as the number and frequency of visitors to the Sites or the Apps, which may be derived from technical and/or personal
                        information. This information cannot be readily tied back to you, your account, your web browser, your image, or your
                        mobile device. We may use this de-identified information for business purposes, such as to enhance the content of and
                        improve the Platform, for example by allowing us and third-parties authorized by us to ascertain how often individuals
                        use areas of the Platform so that we may focus on and improve those areas.
We may use technical data we gather to enable us or a third-party to provide you with information about products and
                        services while you are using the Platform.
We may use your mobile phone number for the purposes stated herein, including for mobile SMS/MMS messaging or content
                        in accordance with our
mobile
                            text terms of use.
Location Information.
We may use the location and Wi-Fi information gathered to generate reports, which we may share with retailers and other third-parties to improve the consumer experience at our
                        Properties, and in order to provide specific services, such as locating a nearby Property when you make such a request. We may
                        also use this information to send you news about the Center, such as promotions from Property retailers, and to provide
                        advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. We may share this information with third-parties in order to provide you with our services.
Advertising.
We use analytics services, advertising companies, advertising networks,
                        and advertising exchanges to help analyze how users use and navigate the Platform and to engage in advertising on
                        our behalf and on behalf of Property retailers. These companies may use data about your visits to the Platform and
                        other websites or mobile applications in order to provide advertisements outside of the Platform about goods and
                        services that may be of interest to you which are offered by us or by our retailers. Those third-party advertising
                        companies are instructed to follow industry guidelines with regard to interest-based advertising, such as the Digital
                        Advertising Alliance's principles for online behavioral advertising. Among other things, the ads that are displayed to
                        you should have the AdChoices icon or a similar mechanism which you may click to direct you to a website where you may
                        opt-out of interest-based advertising. However, those third-party advertising companies maintain their own privacy
                        policies and those companies are responsible for all activities outside of the Platform. If you would like more
                        information about the practices of these companies, please review their privacy policies. If you would like more
                        information about this practice and how to opt-out of receiving communications from these third-party advertising
                        companies, please visit
this link
.
Various data collected for advertising purposes may be restricted through cookies. See our
Cookie
                            Policy
for more information.
Retention and Deletion. We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide our services, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing client personal information, account opening documents, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations. We will not retain your personal information or sensitive personal information longer than reasonably necessary for the purposes for which the information was collected.
We may rectify or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
3. How We Share Information
We share your information with others as follows.
Other Users.
If you create an account, information such as your username, photo, birthday, and other information you enter may be displayed to other users of the Platform to facilitate user interaction within the Platform. We will not reveal your contact information to other users without your permission.
Some of your activity on and through the Platform is public by default. This may include, but is not limited to, content you post publicly through message boards, blogs, social media, or reviews on the Platform. If you choose to provide information using certain public features of the Platform, that information may be governed by the privacy settings of those particular features and may be publicly available. Individuals reading such information may use or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge, and search engines may index that information.
Promotions.
If we sponsor surveys, sweepstakes, contests, promotions, or other solicitations for third-parties, we may share the information you provide with those third-parties. We may also share such information with third-parties that provide marketing and advertising on our behalf, as well as with our retailers.
Your Transactions.
We may share your information to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, such as to purchase merchandise or Simon Gift Cards and have it shipped to you. We may also share information related to your transactions for other purposes disclosed by us when you provide the information, to third-parties designated by you, or for other purposes with your consent. We may share financial information with our third-party payment processing company and other service providers in order to complete your transactions.
We use various third-parties that may do one or more of the following activities in regard to credit card transactions: (a) validate, screen for fraud, facilitate, and process credit card transactions, (b) charge and settle credit card transactions, and/or (c) tokenize, vault and store credit card data. We require those third parties to use your information only to process the credit card transactions for us.
To fulfill a Simon Corporate Sales Gift Card purchase, we will share your purchase and shipping information with our third-party e-commerce vendors. Generally, they will use the information for customer service, fulfillment, shipping and returns. We may also share your purchase and contact information with third-parties that provide marketing and advertising services on our behalf
Social Media.
We may share certain data, such as your mobile telephone or e-mail contact information, with social media outlets, like Facebook and Instagram in order to provide more targeted advertisements about goods and services from us or Property retailers that may be of interest to you.
Location Data.
We may share location data collected from your ISP, Sites, and/or the Apps via your mobile device with third parties that provide marketing, advertising, and analytics services on our behalf, as well as for our retailers.
Our Affiliates.
We may share your information with our subsidiaries and entities
                        in which we have an ownership interest or are under common control with us, including but not limited to the Shop PO, LLC,
                        which includes the website
ShopPremiumOutlets.com
, (please visit this site
                        or any other site of an affiliate of Simon from which you receive a promotion and review their separate privacy policies,
                        which may differ from those policies in this Notice) for purposes of providing you with better service or content, or to
                        communicate with you regarding promotions, upcoming events, and other products and services offered by us and/or those
                        affiliates, including through the use of contextual and interest-based advertising.
Third Parties.
We may share your information with third-party service providers that assist us in operating the Platform, for and on our behalf, such as a hosting company, a third party payment processor, or e-mail provider. They are instructed to use the information only to assist us in operating the Platform. We may also share your information with third-party service providers other than for their assistance, such as sharing your feedback with our vendors to improve the Platform. We may also share your information with third-parties that provide marketing and advertising on our behalf, as well as with our retailers.
We may share de-identified data concerning retail consumer behavior with third-parties, including entities with whom we have entered into an agreement to provide such de-identified data for analytics or marketing purposes.
We may also share with our retailers de-identified segment information, which is information that does not identify you personally, but allows the retailers to know more generally the products being purchased through, and the consumers who are using, the Platform.
Required By Law or To Protect Interests.
We may disclose your information to (i) comply with laws, rules, regulations,
                        legal processes and governmental requests; (ii) enforce this Notice and our
Terms of Use
,
                        including investigation of potential violations of this Notice or the Terms of Use; (iii) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud,
                        security or technical issues (such as for fraud protection, credit risk reduction and spam/malware prevention); (iv) respond to user
                        support requests; (v) avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property or the rights or property of anyone else (such as when a
                        user is believed to be in violation of our
Terms of Use
);
                        and/or (vi) protect the rights, property and safety of our companies, partners, contractors, customers, users and the public (such as to
                        report suspected illegal activity to law enforcement).
Corporate Activity.
If we sell assets, a subsidiary (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity or if we are acquired by or merged with another entity, we may share with such entity information about users of the Platform that is related to that part of our business that is sold to or acquired by or merged with the other entity.
Over the last 12 months, we have disclosed for a business purpose the following types of personal information:
Category of Information
Examples of Information Disclosed
Categories of Recipients
Identifying Information
Name, mailing address, email address, phone number, date of birth, and other identifiers.
Our service providers, and government entities (where required by law)
Payment Information
Your name and billing totals for payment and invoice processing.  Note that we use third party payment processors to facilitate your payments and only store your payment card information in limited situations.
Our service providers, and government entities (where required by law)
Geolocation Information
Precise geolocation data.
Our service providers, and government entities (where required by law)
Communications with Us, Preferences, and Other Information you Provide to Us
Messages, feedback, and other communications you provide directly to us.
Our service providers, and government entities (where required by law)
Usage and Technical Information
Information about your interaction with our Platform and content on third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites (e.g. IP address; browsing history; search history; device information; information about user’s interaction with our Platform, such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs via cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, transparent GIFs; browser information; operating system and platform; geolocation information; user content (e.g. photos, videos, audio, images, social media /online posts, first-party works).
Our Service Providers, and government entities (where required by law)
Categories of Personal Information Sold or Shared.
We do not “sell” Personal Information as that term is normally or traditionally understood. For example, we do not provide Personal Information to data brokers in exchange for money.  And we do not disclose your Personal Information other than in the ways disclosed to you. Over the last 12 months, we have sold (as defined under CCPA/CPRA) or shared the following types of Personal Information:
Category of Information
Examples of Information Sold or Shared
Identifying Information
Name, mailing address, email address, phone number, date of birth, and other identifiers.
Geolocation Information
Precise geolocation data.
Communications with Us, Preferences, and Other Information you Provide to Us
Messages, feedback, and other communications you provide directly to us.
Usage and Technical Information
Information about your interaction with our Platform and content on third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites (e.g. IP address; browsing history; search history; device information; information about user’s interaction with website, such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs via cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, transparent GIFs; browser information; operating system and platform; geolocation information; user content (e.g. photos, videos, audio, images, social media /online posts, first-party works).
Please note that “sale” of personal information does not include those instances when such information is part of a merger, acquisition, or other transaction involving all or part of our business.  If we sell all or part of our business, make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or other business transaction, we may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of that transaction.  If such transaction materially affects the manner in which your personal information is processed, we will notify you of such change prior to its implementation.
4. Do Not Sell My Personal Information; Opt-out; Children; State Rights
4.1 In General
Children.
The Platform is not directed to children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal
                        information from children under the age of 18, nor do we knowingly distribute such information to third-parties. If we
                        become aware that we received personal information from someone under the age of 18, we will take steps to delete such
                        information from our records. If you believe we have personal information from someone under 18, please let us know by submitting a new request via our
online privacy and data request portal.
We use and disclose the information collected as explained in this Notice. How we use and disclose that information
                        may be supplemented in the area where you provide the information.
Terminating Your Account.
You may terminate an account you set-up on any of the Sites, the Simon Wi-Fi network, the
                        Apps, etc. by submitting a new request via our
online privacy and data request portal
. If you terminate your account, any
                        association between your account and information we store will no longer be accessible through your account. We may
                        retain the information collected prior to termination for archival and/or legal purposes, except as otherwise set
                        forth in this Notice. Any information you shared in public areas of the Platform will remain in those areas until it
                        is deleted in accordance with our data retention policy.
Mobile Location Analytics Opt Out.
Simon complies with the
Mobile
                            Location Analytics Code of Conduct
. As provided for in such code, you may elect to
opt out
of
                        associating some General Visit Information about your presence at a location with a device’s MAC Address. If you
                        choose to
opt
                            out
, we will use your device’s MAC Address only to maintain the device’s opt-out status. For
                        clarity, Simon, Cisco Meraki and AisleLabs may still collect and use (except for direct marketing purposes) your MAC
                        Address. Please see
AisleLabs
                            privacy policy
for more information.
You may adjust the settings on most devices to allow the Sites or App to gather, or to disable it from gathering,
                        location positioning data. Certain features, such as a Property locator, may not work as effectively if you disable
                        location positioning data.
Do Not Track.
Do not track is a voluntary program among Internet advertisers that is intended to give users the
                        ability to opt-out of interest-based advertising. There are a few ways in which your computer may transmit a "do not
                        track" signal to certain websites and online services you visit, and currently no standard has been established. We do
                        not respond to do not track signals, and the settings in your browser will have no effect on the Sites.
Interest-based Advertising Opt-out.
Among other things, the ads that are displayed to you may have the AdChoices icon
                        or a similar mechanism which you may click to direct you to a website where you may opt-out of interest-based
                        advertising. If you would like more information about this practice and how to opt-out of receiving communications
                        from these third-party advertising companies, please visit
this
                            link
.
4.2 State Specific Rights
4.2.1 California Privacy Rights
The following are rights specific to consumers and shoppers who are residents of the State of California only. These rights are provided to California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), and relevant implementing regulations (the California Laws). Please note that if you exercise your rights as a California resident, we may require proof of California residency.
Subject to certain limitations, Consumers (as defined in the California Laws) have the following rights under the California Laws:
Right to Access:
Right to access the personal information that Simon holds about you upon verifiable request.
Right to Correct:
Right to correct inaccuracies in the personal information that Simon holds about you upon receipt of a verifiable request.
Right to Know Information About Collection, Sale, Sharing, or Disclosure of Personal Information:
Upon receipt of a verifiable request, California residents may obtain a list of:
The specific pieces of personal information about them that Simon holds;
The categories of personal information about the Consumer collected, sold to third parties, or disclosed to third parties for business purposes;
The categories of personal information relating to all Consumers that Simon sold within the last 12 months;
The categories of sources from which Simon collects personal information;
The business or commercial purpose(s) for which Simon collects or sells personal information; and
The categories of third parties with whom personal information is shared, sold, or disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information:
Right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of their personal information under certain circumstances.
Right to Deletion:
Right to request that personal information about you that Simon holds be deleted, subject to certain limitations.
Right to Limit:
Right to limit certain uses or disclosures of Sensitive Personal Information. Our uses of Sensitive Personal Information are described in the Sensitive Personal Information section above.
* NOTE:
We do not “sell” Personal Information as that term is normally or traditionally understood.
                        For example, we do not provide Personal Information to data brokers in exchange for money.  And we do not disclose
                        your Personal Information other than in the ways disclosed to you.  For full details on how we may share information
                        on you, please see our
How
we share your information section of this
                        Notice.
To request to exercise one or more of these California privacy rights please do one of the following:
Submit a request via our
online privacy & data request portal
with the applicable required details and which CCPA right(s) you wish to invoke.
As an alternate method, you can also contact us via our toll-free phone number at +1 (888) 914-9661, making sure to enter the required PIN number of 187828 when prompted, and leave a voice mail with your name, email address, and if applicable, your mobile phone number (if you receive text messages from Simon) and which California privacy right(s) you wish to invoke.
Mail us a request including your name, email address, and if applicable, your mobile phone number (if you receive text messages from Simon) and which CCPA right(s) you wish to invoke to the following address:
Simon Property Group
C/O Patrick Flanagan - DPO
225 W Washington St
Indianapolis, IN 46204-3435 USA
If you contact us to request to exercise your rights under this section, we may ask you to provide information about yourself so that we can verify your identity as part of this process. This information may include your name, email address, and any other information necessary to reasonably verify your identity, to ensure that your information is not shared with anyone impersonating you. We may ask for additional information if we have difficulty confirming your identity. We will not share your information or honor other requests in those situations in which we are unable to confirm a request for your information is a “verifiable request.” Once we have verified your identity, we will work to fulfill your request in a timely manner. Please note there may be some situations in which we are unable to fulfill your request, such as if we cannot find any information about you within our systems. Additionally, we may not be able to honor a deletion request in some situations, such as if your information is necessary to fulfill services you requested or meet a legal obligation. We will inform you whether we can fulfill your rights request.
Under California law a consumer can appoint an “authorized agent” to make certain verifiable requests upon their behalf, such as the right to know what information we collect about the consumer or to request deletion of the consumer’s information. An “authorized agent” may submit a request on behalf of a California resident who has authorized the agent to act on their behalf. Because the security and privacy of your information is paramount, we will ask that you identify such persons and directly confirm that such persons are authorized to act as your agent and exercise your applicable rights under California law in such situations. This may require us to contact you directly and alert you that an individual has claimed to be your agent and is attempting to access or delete your information. We will also independently verify your identity to ensure that an unauthorized person is not attempting to impersonate you and exercise your rights without authorization. We will not share your information or honor any other requests in those situations where you cannot or do not grant permission in writing for an identified authorized agent to act on your behalf, or where we cannot independently verify your identity.
If you are a Simon employee with specific questions about how Simon collects, uses, processes, discloses, shares, and retains employment information not covered by this policy, please contact Simon’s Human Resources department.
California Privacy Rights Regarding Direct Marketing Information. California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our shoppers who are California residents to request and obtain from Simon once a year, free of charge, information about the personally identifiable information (if any) we disclosed to third-parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to:
Simon Property Group
C/O Patrick Flanagan - DPO
225 W Washington St
Indianapolis, IN 46204-3435 USA
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response. Also note that under California law, businesses are only required to respond to a shopper’s request once during any calendar year.
Eraser Law Notice to Minor Users.
Registered users of an online service directed towards minors who are under 18 years of age and live in California (“Minor Users”), under California SB 568 (“Eraser Law”), have the right to request removal of content that such Minor Users post on a website (“Minor Posted Content”). As stated above, the Platform is not directed to children under the age of 18, so the Eraser Law may not be applicable to the Platform. Although, the Platform is not directed towards minors, upon receipt of a fully completed
removal
                            request form
, Simon will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove Minor Posted Content from the portion of the Platform referenced in the request form, as long as your eligibility has been reasonably established. Any such request to remove Minor Posted Content does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the Minor Posted Content. Minor Users must complete the
removal
                            request form
accurately and in its entirety in order for the request to be processed.
4.2.2 Other State Privacy Rights
Nevada Residents.
If you are a resident in the state of Nevada, please note that we do not sell your information to third-parties for any monetary compensation. Thus, any request from a resident of Nevada directing us not to sell the information we collect from you is inapplicable, and we will not respond to such requests. If you have any questions about our third-party disclosure practices, please contact us at
privacy@simon.com
.
Virginia Residents.
Virginia residents may be entitled to the following rights:
The right to opt out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, and profiling that creates legal or other significant results;
The right to confirm whether Simon processes personal data and to access the personal data Simon has about you;
The right to correct inaccuracies in the personal data Simon has about you, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data;
The right to request deletion of the personal data we hold about you, subject to certain limitations; and
The right to obtain a copy of the personal data Simon holds about you in a portable, readily usable, and easily transmittable format.
To request to exercise one or more of these Virginia privacy rights please do one of the following:
Submit a request via our
online privacy & data request portal
with the applicable required details and which right(s) you wish to invoke.
As an alternate method, you can also contact us via our toll-free phone number at +1 (888) 914-9661, making sure to enter the required PIN number of 187828 when prompted, and leave a voice mail with your name, email address, and if applicable, your mobile phone number (if you receive text messages from Simon) and which privacy right(s) you wish to invoke.
3.	Mail us a request including your name, email address, and if applicable, your mobile phone number (if you receive text messages from Simon) and which right(s) you wish to invoke to the following address:
Simon Property Group
C/O Patrick Flanagan - DPO
225 W Washington St
Indianapolis, IN 46204-3435 USA
5. Notice of Financial Incentive
The Simon Mall Insider®, Simon Mobile Shopper Club® and Premium Outlets VIP Shopper Club® programs may be considered a Financial Incentive Program under California law because of the benefits you receive when you enroll with your name, email address and/or mobile phone number.
The Simon Mall Insider, Simon Mobile Shopper Club and the Premium Outlets VIP Shopper Club programs are voluntary loyalty programs. You can opt-in to the Mall Insider, Simon Mobile Shopper Club and VIP Shopper Club programs by registering for an account online or in one of our centers, and you may opt-out at any time. Opting out of these program(s) is easy and can be done at either the
Simon Mall Insider opt-out page
or at the
Premium Outlets VIP Shopper Club unsubscribe page.
To opt-out of the Simon Mobile Shopper Club, simply text the keyword
STOP
to
74666
(the Simon shortcode), noting that standard data & message rates may apply. The Simon Mall Insider, Simon Mobile Shopper Club and the Premium Outlets VIP Shopper Club program members receive exclusive offers and are the first to know about retailer deals and mall events.
In order to provide you with the benefits described above, Simon will use the personal information you provide to us which may include your name, email address, mobile phone number, mailing address, date of birth, and purchase history to provide you with the benefits described above, facilitate your membership in the Simon Mall Insider, Simon Mobile Shopper Club and Premium Outlets VIP Shopper Club programs, and communicate with you to provide information you request or other information relevant to your membership.
The benefits that Simon provides to Simon Mall Insider, Simon Mobile Shopper Club and Premium Outlets VIP Shopper Club program members are reasonably related to the value of the data you provide to us. While we do not calculate the monetary value of the data that you provide, it is valuable to us because it allows us to further our relationship with you, to understand your preferences based on your purchasing history so that we can suggest products that will be useful to you, and reward and thank our loyal customers for patronizing our business. Any value varies depending on the purchases each member makes, the benefits they take advantage of, and many other factors.
6. Information Security
We endeavor to protect the security of the information collected through the Platform and implement generally accepted standards of information technology security designed to protect information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. It is not possible, however, to guarantee the security or integrity of information disclosed online due to, among other things, technological limitations and the fact that no data accessible through or transmitted via the Internet is completely secure. Simon Gift Card orders involve processing of data by third-parties, such as online gift card providers, credit card processing companies, fraud detection service providers, issuing banks, card network issuers, shipping/fulfillment companies, and other parties in order to complete an order. Those parties with which we contract are required to maintain reasonable measures designed to safeguard the security of the data they process; however, we do not otherwise have control over and are not responsible for their handling of such data.
Links to other sites.
The Platform may have links to third-party websites, services, and applications, such as websites hosted by third-party retailers (collectively, “Third Party Sites”). When you click on such a link, you will leave the Platform and be directed to the Third Party Site and when you leave the Platform, you and are no longer subject to the terms of this Notice. This Notice does not apply to Third Party Sites, and we do not review or endorse, and are not responsible for, any Third Party Sites, the content therein, or their privacy practices. This Notice also does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Simon's control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation.
7. Non-U.S. Residents
Residents of other countries outside the U.S., such as the European Union, may have other rights. As stated in our
Terms of Use
,
                        while you may be able to setup an account as a user outside the U.S., we make no assurances or representations of any kind that the Platform is suitable for use in the country in which you reside.
By accessing the Platform, establishing an account or making a purchase, you consent to the processing of your personal information as provided in this Notice. You may withdraw that consent by submitting a new request within our
online data & privacy portal
. You are required to provide certain personal information in order to open and maintain an account. Your failure to provide such information may preclude you from establishing an account or may subject your account to termination. An account may be required to make certain types of online purchases, as a guest style checkout option is not always available across all of our Sites and Apps.
If at any point you believe the personal information we process about you is incorrect, you may access your account and modify it there, or otherwise request to see the information and to have it corrected or deleted by submitting a new request with us via our
online data & privacy portal
. If you wish to object to or raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal information, you may contact our Data Protection Officer who will investigate the matter. You may also be able to have your personal information transferred by submitting a request to us via our
online data & privacy portal
.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal information not in accordance with law, you may complain to the data protection authority in your jurisdiction.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU), believe your information has been stored on the Platform, and wish
                        to exercise one or more of your GDPR rights regarding your personal data on the Platform (which may include Personal
                        Data Access, Rectification, or Erasure), please do one of the following:
Submit a new request with us via our
online data & privacy portal
. As part of this process, you will need to provide proof of your identity, so that we can verify your eligibility. You must complete this form and the subsequent ID verification step accurately and completely in order to have your request processed. Once your eligibility is verified, Simon will use commercially reasonable efforts to complete all applicable portions of the request; or
Mail us a request including a photo or scanned copy of your valid photo ID, your name, email address, and if
                            applicable, your mobile phone number (if you receive text messages from Simon) and which GDPR right(s) you wish to
                            invoke to the following address:
Simon Property Group
C/O Patrick Flanagan - DPO
225 W Washington St
Indianapolis, IN 46204-3435 USA
The data controller for personal information collected pursuant to this Notice for:
syf.org
is
                            Simon Youth Foundation, Inc.
all other Sites and Apps is Simon Property Group, L.P.
Our Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Patrick M. Flanagan and you may contact him at
privacy@simon.com
.
8. Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may amend this Notice from time to time. All versions of the Notice are dated with the effective date of that
                        version of the Notice (i.e., the date on which the applicable version of the Notice was posted to the Platform). Our
                        use of information we learn about you will be governed by the most recent Notice in effect. Your use of the Platform
                        signifies your acceptance of the most recent Notice in effect.
9. Difficulty Accessing this Privacy Notice
Individuals with disabilities who are unable to usefully access our Privacy Policy online may contact us at
privacy@simon.com
to inquire how they can obtain a copy of our policy in another, more easily readable format.
Back To Top
BECOME A MALL INSIDER. JOIN TODAY
DEALS. EVENTS.
EXCLUSIVE OFFERS!
Become a
Mall Insider
today for the chance to win a $1,000 shopping spree!
EMAIL ADDRESS
: Required
JOIN
FIND A SIMON CENTER
Learn More
About Simon
See All Properties
Travel & Tourism
Brands
More From Simon
Shop Premium Outlets
Simon SAID
Simon Credit Card
Simon Youth Foundation
Simon Giftcards
®
Purchase a Giftcard
Register Your Card
Check Your Balance
Account Sales
For Businesses
Advertising
Leasing
Portfolio
Retailer Marketing
COPYRIGHT
©
1999-2023, SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, L.P. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
By continuing past this page and/or using this site, you agree to abide by the
Terms of Use
for this site, which prohibit commercial use of any information on this site.
                    View our
Privacy Policy
,
Cookie Policy
&
Cookie Settings