PRIVACY POLICY
Showcaller
Caller ID working even offline
165,609
Play Store reviews
Over
80
million smiling members.
Types of scams
Report a scam
Block a scam
SHOWCALLER PRIVACY POLICY
Revised May 22, 2022
If you are resident in EU, EEA, UK and Switzerland please
click here.
Showcaller is firmly committed to the security and protection of personal information of our Users and their contacts. This Privacy Policy describes how Showcaller will collect, use, share and process personal information. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the Showcaller
Terms of Service
.
If you reside outside the European Union, European Economic Area and Switzerland (“Europe”), You are entering into the Terms of Service with Showcaller International LLP and the terms of this Privacy Policy apply to You. If you reside in Europe the applicable terms are available
here
.
By accepting the Showcaller Privacy Policy and/or using the Services You consent to the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information as described herein. If You provide us with personal information about someone else, You confirm that they are aware that You have provided their information and that they consent to our use of their information according to our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out at any time to prevent further use of the information shared via the Services.
The "Policy" may be amended from time to time. In the case of any material change in the Policy, we will post the new Policy on the "Website" or notify you of the same via the "Showcaller Applications". We suggest that you should view the "Policy" periodically with a view to confirming whether any change in the Policy takes place.
1. Your Consent
By downloading, installing, accessing and/or using the App you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, including to the collection and processing of your Personal Information (as defined below). If you disagree to any term hereof, you may not download, install, access or use the App, and must promptly and permanently remove the App and any part thereof from your systems and devices, and cease any and all use thereof. Please note: you are not obligated by law to provide us with any Personal Information. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are providing us with Personal Information at your own free will, for the purposes described herein, and that we may retain such Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any applicable laws and regulations.
2. Which information we may collect on our Users?
If you are in the EU, privacy laws require us to tell you the legal basis on which we process your Collected Information. You will find that information in this section, in italics.  If you would like more information about the legal basis we use, or about the “legitimate interests” referred to, please contact us at:
[email protected]
.
2.1 USER PROFILE
When You create a user profile in the Services and confirm being the holder of a certain number, Showcaller will collect the information provided by You. In order to create a user profile, You must register Your first name, last name and phone number. Additional information that may be provided at Your option include, but is not limited to, photo, gender, street address and zip code, country of residence, email address, professional website, Facebook page, Twitter address and a short status message. Showcaller may supplement the information provided by You with information from third parties and add it to the information provided by You e.g. demographic information and additional contact information that is publicly available.
2.2 INSTALLATION AND USE
When You install and use the Services, Showcaller will collect personal information from You and any devices You may use in Your interaction with our Services. This information may include e.g.: IP address; device ID or unique identifier; device manufacturer and type; device and hardware settings; SIM card usage; ID for advertising; ad data, operating system; operator; IMSI; connection information; screen resolution; usage statistics; default communication applications; access to device address book; call logs; device log and event information; logs, keywords and meta data of incoming and outgoing calls and messages; version of the Services You use and other information based on Your interaction with our Services such as how the Services are being accessed; content viewed by You, content You have commented on or sent to us and information about the ads You see and/or engage with; the search terms You use; order information and other usage activity and data logged by Showcaller’s servers from time to time. Showcaller may collect some of this information automatically through use of cookies and You can learn more about our use of cookies in our Cookie Policy.
Some information, including, but not limited to, usage information and other information that may arise from Your interaction with the Services, cannot be used to identify You, whether in combination with other information or otherwise and will not constitute personal information for the purposes of this Policy.
2.3 THIRD PARTY SERVICES
You may provide us with Your user identifier information regarding, or to enable Your usage of, certain third party services (together with a mapped photo where applicable) e.g. social networking services and payment services, in order for the Services to interoperate with such third party services. You may use such third party services to create Your user profile or log in to our Services, share information with such third party services, or to connect Your user profile with the respective third party services. Such third party services may automatically provide us with access to certain personal information retained by them about You (e.g., your payment handle, unique identification information, content viewed by You, content liked by You and information about the advertisements You have been shown or may have clicked on) and You agree that we may collect, use and retain the information provided by these third party services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may be able to control the personal information You allow us to have access to through the privacy settings on the respective third party service. We will never store any passwords created for any third party services.
2.4 CONTACT INFORMATION
Where the Showcaller mobile applications (“Showcaller Apps”) are obtained from other sources than Apple App Store or Google Play, You may share the names, numbers, Google ID’s and email addresses contained in Your address book (“Contact Information”) with Showcaller by enabling the Showcaller Enhanced Search Functionality. Where the Showcaller Apps are obtained from Apple App Store or Google Play, we do not share any user Contact Information. In addition to Contact Information, if You choose to activate use of a third party service, such as social networks services, within the Services, Showcaller may collect, store and use the list of identifiers associated with said services linked to the Contact Information in order to enhance the results shared with other Users.
Please note that no other contact information other than the phone numbers and thereto attached names, Google ID’s and email addresses will be collected and used from Your address book. Other numbers or information that may be contained in Your address book will be filtered away by our safety algorithms and will therefore not be collected by Showcaller. Please also note that You can always choose not to share Contact Information with Showcaller and if You have shared such information and changed Your mind, You can delist Your number or opt-out to render Your entire Contact Information unavailable for search in the Showcaller database.
2.5 OTHER INFORMATION YOU MAY PROVIDE
You may provide us with various information in connection with Your interaction with our Services. For example, You may through tagging functionality associate a phone number, that is not registered in the Showcaller database or belongs to a User, with a business or name and You may report a phone number as spam or some other attribute to be included in spam blocking directories. Showcaller may also from time to time offer You the opportunity to provide information on Your experience from using the Services or to participate in contests, surveys or other promotions. Showcaller will collect the information You provide in connection therewith, as well as any other information You provide through the Services or when You communicate or interact with us.
3. How Do We Collect and Store Information of Our Users?
We use the following methods of collection: (i) We collect Non-personal Information through your use of the App. In other words, we may be aware of your use of the App, and may gather, collect and record the information relating to such usage, either independently or through the help of third-party app as detailed below. We may also collect Non-personal Information through the processing, analysis, aggregation and anonymization of Personal Information provided by you. (ii) We collect Personal Information which you provide us voluntarily. For example, we collect Personal Information when you contact us directly for questions or help. (iii) We collect Personal Information which is publicly available from third-party online sources. For example, we collect Personal Information from public profiles in social media networks. (iv) Third Parties. We may store the Non-personal and Personal Information either independently or with the help of our authorized third-party service providers as detailed below.
4. What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information?
We collect Non-personal and Personal Information in order to provide you with the App services and experience; to enable us to further develop, customize and improve the App based on Users’ common preferences, uses, attributes and anonymized data; to create and provide our research and business partners and affiliates with anonymized aggregated data and/or statistical or inferred Non-personal Information; to enable us to provide our Users with a better user experience, with more relevant and accurate information, services, features and functionalities, and with technical assistance and support; to further improve and develop security and authentication methods and features for the purpose of securing your use of the App; and in order to abide by any applicable law. We collect Contact Information in order to provide with the Advanced Search Functionality, and Matching Functionality, which allows a User to identify unknown and unfamiliar phone numbers and have its address book contacts automatically associated with corresponding publicly available pictures and social network IDs of such contacts. A number will be associated with a name, picture and/or social network IDs through these functionalities if a sufficient number of independent Users, based on our algorithm, have indicated the same name, picture and/or social network IDs for the relevant number.
a. provide smart caller ID, dialer and messaging functionality that, among other features, allow for population of unidentified numbers and other data in call logs, display the name associated with a certain number for incoming or outgoing calls and messages or following a manual number search against the Showcaller database;
b. display the number associated with a certain name following a manual name search against the Showcaller database, subject to that name searches will only produce a number linked to the name if the number is available for search in a public database or relates to a User who has made his or her name available for search, provide Your information to the person You reach out to when requesting a contact via the Showcaller name search service, in which case Your request will be forwarded to that person via an SMS and he/she may choose whether or not to share the phone number with You at his/her own discretion;
c. send in application push notifications and reminders and deliver messages via the Services, in which case Your messages will be kept for a limited period of time in order to deliver the messages but Showcaller will not, unless specifically stated, monitor the content of Your messages;
d. maintain User spam lists and build a community based spam blocking directory;
e. enable You to use and share Your information in connection with Your registration, login or other use of third party services e.g. payment service providers, online services, social networking sites and other third party API’s;
f. otherwise improve our Services, business and operations.
5. Where Do We Store Personal Information?
Information regarding the Users will be maintained, processed and stored by the Company and our authorized affiliates and service providers in Europe, USA, and India as necessary, in secured cloud storage provided by our Third-Party Services. While the data protection laws in the above jurisdictions may be different than the laws of your residence or location, please know that the Company, its affiliates and service providers that store or process your Personal Information on the Company’s behalf are each committed to keep it protected and secured, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and industry standards, regardless of any lesser legal requirements that may apply in their jurisdiction. You hereby agree to the storage location and transfer of information as described hereunder.
6. Legal Bases
We collect, process and use your information for the purpose described in this Privacy Policy based on at least one of the following legal basis:
Our legitimate interests
In order to provide you with the App’s services and experience
Based on your consent
7. Sharing Information with Third Parties
The Company will not share any Personal Information it collects with any third party, except in the following cases:
to provide, maintain, improve, analyze and personalize the App’s services and experience for our Users;
to collect, hold, process and/or manage your Personal Information through Company’s authorized third-party service providers;
to collect, hold, process and/or manage your Personal Information through Company’s authorized third-party service providers;
to enforce this Privacy Policy and/or the EULA, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
to respond to User’s support requests or other correspondences;<
to respond to claims that any use of the App violates the rights of third parties;
to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of us, any of our Users, or the general public;
when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of its assets but solely under appropriate confidentiality obligations;
pursuant to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure
For avoidance of doubt, the Company may transfer and disclose to third parties or otherwise use Non-personal Information at its own discretion.
Notwithstanding the above, as a part of our operating model, and to enable the delivery of Services, we may also, from time to time, make repositories containing certain Personal Information searchable or usable by third party business partners, for the purposes of their services and business operations. You hereby consent to disclosure of your Personal Information to them and their usage of it. This may include Personal Information that you have submitted to us in the past. As some of our business partners may be located outside your country, you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to this extent.
8. Modification or Deletion of Personal Information
If the law applicable to you grants you such rights, you may ask to access, correct, or delete your personal information that is stored in our systems. You may also ask for our confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal information. Subject to the limitations in law, you may request that we update, correct, or delete inaccurate or outdated information. You may also request that we suspend the use of any personal information whose accuracy you contest while we verify the status of that data. Subject the limitations in law, you may also be entitled to obtain the personal information you directly provided us (excluding data we obtained from other sources) in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and may have the right to transmit such data to another party. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, contact us at
[email protected]
. When handling these requests, we may ask for additional information to confirm your identity and your request. Please note, upon request to delete your personal information, we may retain such data in whole or in part to comply with any applicable rule or regulation and/or response or defend against legal proceedings versus us or our affiliates. To find out whether these rights apply to you and on any other privacy related matter, you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
9. Minors
To use the App, you must be over the age of thirteen (13). The Company does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13) and does not wish to do so. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under the age of thirteen (13) are not using the App. In the event that it comes to our knowledge that a person under the age of thirteen (13) is using the App, we may prohibit and block such User from using the App and will make all efforts to promptly delete any Personal Information with respect to such User.
10. Security and Retention
We take a great care in implementing and maintaining the security of the App, and our Users’ Personal Information and Contact Information. The Company employs industry standard procedures and policies to ensure the safety of its Users’ Personal Information and Contact Information and prevent unauthorized use of any such information. However, we do not and cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur. We retain the Personal Information we collect only for as long as needed in order to provide you with our services and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We then either delete from our systems or anonymize it without further notice to you. If you withdraw your consent to us processing your Personal Information, we will delete your Personal Information from our systems (except to the extent such data in whole or in part to comply with any applicable rule or regulation and/or response or defend against legal proceedings versus us or our affiliates).
11. Third-Party Software/ Services
The App may utilize certain third-party software and/or service, in order to collect and/or process the information detailed herein. Such third-party software providers include:
Google Analytics, which privacy policy is available at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html;
Firebase, which privacy policy is available at https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html;
Our App uses certain tracking technologies in order to:
To analyze User’s behavior while using the App
Enhance your user experience on the App
To recognize you when you are using the App
Provide you with personalized advertisements
12. Third-Party Services
The App may offer you links to certain Third-Party Services’ applications installed on your device, through which you may further interact with your mobile contacts. Please be advised that such Third-Party Services are independent from Company, and may collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. We assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to privacy matters or any other legal matter with respect to such Third-Party Services. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and the terms of use of such Third-Party Services, as their terms, not ours, will apply to any of your interactions with or through such Third-Party Services.
13. Direct Marketing
You hereby agree that we may use your contact details that you have provided us (such as the phone number you provided when registering to the App) for the purpose of informing you regarding our products and services, to ask you to participate in user surveys, and to send you other marketing materials and newsletters. You may withdraw your consent by clicking the “Unsubscribe” button in a message sent to you, or by sending us a written notice by e-mail to the following address:
[email protected]
.
14. Changes of the Policy
The Policy might be amended from time to time. If it is the case, Showcaller SOFTWARE will post the new policy on Website, or notify you of the same via the "Showcaller CALLER ID Application Program". The changes will take effective immediately on the effective date designated when the new policy is promulgated. Your continuous access to the various services provided by the Company and application programs for relates services shall constitute your agreement to the changes and undertaking to comply with the changes. If you disagree to the changes, you shall stop accessing all services and related application programs provided by the Company. We suggest that you should check up the Policy periodically to ensure whether there are any changes of the same.
15. Safety
The "Company" cares about the protection of your "Personal Data". In order to protect your data from unauthorized access, Showcaller will apply the safety standards, hardware and electronic equipment required under the local laws applicable in the jurisdiction where the "Company" are situated.
16. Link to Other Sites
The "Website" includes the links to other sites. The "Company" access to some website or display of some advertisement does not represent any affiliation with the third party, or acknowledgement, license or representation between us and the third party. The "Company" does not have the control over the third party's website. Therefore, when you visit other sites via the "Website" or "Showcaller Service", the "Company" hopes you to read their privacy policies or statements carefully.
17. Fake sites
The "Company" care about ID theft and "Fake Sites". The "Company" take the protection of your "Personal Data" as the first priority. The "Company" will never ask you for your credit card information, account and ID, password or national ID No. or equivalent identifiable codes via an unsafe or unknown email or phone number, now or in the future.
Notwithstanding, should you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail to:
[email protected]
18. Child Policy
Showcaller will not collect the personal information of any children less than 13 years old intentionally. If the parents or guardians of any children find that the children have already provided their personal information to Showcaller without approval from them, they shall contact us via
[email protected]
. If Showcaller finds any personal information provided by children less than 13 years old, Showcaller will delete all related documents, but this does not represent that Showcaller is able to or obligated to prevent or delete the personal information provided by children less than 13 years old.
19. Contact
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning the Terms or the App, you are welcome to send us an email to the following address, and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe:
[email protected]
Showcaller blocked scams in last 7 days
262,456
Recent Scam Alerts
- Publishers Clearing House imposters keep coming
- Beware of scammers impersonating energy and telecommunications companies
- Fraudsters taking advantage of the HMRC tax refund process
- Scammers target Sept. 11th Victim Compensation Fund
- Scammers impersonate the Chinese Consulate
- Western Union refunds scam alert
- Bitcoin + online chain referral = illegal scheme
- Fraudsters offering discounts on TV subscriptions
- Action Fraud warns of Hajj fraud, as criminals target Muslims booking trips to Mecca
- Action Fraud warns football fans ahead of 2018 World Cup
Do not call list
United States
United Kingdom
India
Canada
Australia
Singapore
Contact Us
Report a scammer
Submit a request
DMCA issue
Contact us
Terms
Privacy
Find Us
Facebook
YouTube
Mobile Apps
Android
iOS