funapplogic
funapplogic
Search this site
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Fun App
Logic
is the name of quality designed product in the
mobile world and
takes
user privacy very seriously. Sometimes we need information to provide services
that you request, this privacy statement applies to and its
products. We are committed to
protecting your privacy. So we’ve made a Privacy Policy. Please take a moment
to familiarize yourself with our privacy Policy.
INFORMATIONs WE GET
FROM YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES
We
may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them,
such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect
device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system
version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information).
Fun App Logic
will not share that information with third
parties.
CAMERA
This
is used because it is necessary for the shooting function.
WRITE EXTERNAL
STORAGE
This
is used to save photographed pictures.
ACCESS FINE LOCATION
This
is used to add GPS position information to photographed photos.
GET TASKS
This
is used for background processing when the application is closed while saving
photos, and to terminate the application completely at the end of the
processing.
INTERNET
This
is used because it is necessary for acquiring advertisement through a net
connection.
ACCESS NETWORK STATE
This
is used because it is necessary for acquiring advertisement through a net
connection.
ACCESS WIFI STATE
This
is used because it is necessary for acquiring advertisement through a net
connection.
RECORD AUDIO PERMISSION:
This is used because it is necessary for record audio during making videos.
SYSTEM ALERT WINDOW:
This is used because it is necessary for showing Gadget or notifications.
WRITE SETTINGS
PERMISSION:
This is used because it is necessary for draw over other apps modify system settings.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
“Personal
Information,” which is the type of information that specifically identifies you
personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as
your full name, physical address, email address, photograph, precise
geo location information (i.e., your specific location), We can be collect
personally identification information from Users in a distinctive ways.
COOKIES
In
connection with the foregoing collection of Personal Information and
Non-Personal Information, we may also use cookies or similar technologies.
Should you choose to submit Personal Information to us, we may link cookie
information to such Personal Information. You can disable cookies or set your
browser to alert you when cookies are being sent.
NON- PERSONAL
INFORMATION
We
may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To
have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and
services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect
non-personal information such as installed application name and package name,
the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
KIDS PRIVACY POLICY
OF APPS
This
Kids Privacy Policy has to be specified to indicate you, with guidance
regarding our privacy policies with respect to collecting, using and disclosing
personal information ,regarding the legal guardian of a child under the age of
13 years old. Many of our Games/Apps are intended for general audiences, and we
do not knowingly gather or use any Personal Information from children and kids
under the age of 13. When users are identified as under 13, we will block such
users from providing Personal Information or make sure to get prior parental
consent before collecting Personal Information.
LOCATION INFORMATION
When
you use a location-enabled service, we may collect and process information
about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may
also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from
your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access
points and cell towers.
AD NETWORKS &
CROSS PROMOTION ADS
We
have to welcome the third parties ad networks for accepting advertisements
(banners,
interstitial and
video ads etc,..).In our apps and games ,these advertisements authorized to be
displayed. Advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to
collect data, in case that user clicks on any of these advertisements.
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
:
Save photos
created by this app into user’s device storage.
CAMERA
:
Take photos by user’s device camera. To
help you access and use camera to take pictures, record Video.
INTERNET AND ACCESS
NETWORK STATE:
1.
Access internet to request ads.
2.
Access photo data to show mirror photos.
We
may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes:
help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply
higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve
participated in.
In
the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information
according to your wish or regulations by law:
1.
Your prior permission;
2.
By the applicable law within or outside your country of
residence, legal process, litigation requests;
3.
By requests from public and governmental authorities;
4.
To protect our legal rights and interests.
PRIVACY QUESTIONS
If
you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing,
please contact us
funapplogic@gmail.com
We may update Privacy Policy from time to
time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on
our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Copyright © . All Rights Reserved |
Fun App Logic
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By
Google Sites