Privacy Policy - Golzak
Products
Proxynel
Blue Proxy
Anti Porn
Tools
Free QR Code Generator
Blog
About us
Careers
Advertise
Contact
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 25, 2023
INTRODUCTION
Dears, the Purpose of this Privacy Policy is (This Privacy Policy explains) to describe how Golzak and it’s own applications, (collectively described as “Golzak”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and its third party marketing and advertising partners collect, store, use, process and share information (data) about you.
This Privacy Policy is valid (applies, applicable) for all our applications, whether used on our website www.golzak.com, on mobile devices, PCs or any on other platforms. It also applies to our Marketing and Advertising activities on all platforms and other services that we may provide to you. In this Privacy Policy we refer to our applications, websites, marketing and advertising activities and other services collectively as our “Services”.
By downloading, accessing and/or using our applications, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including consenting to Golzak and our advertising partners use of your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the Marketing and Advertising sections of this Privacy Policy. Those sections also explain how you can withhold or withdraw your consent to the use of your data for targeted advertising purposes. If you have any other concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy you should not use our applications or other Services.
USAGE OF OUR SERVICES
By downloading, accessing and/or using our Applications or other Services, you consent to the collection of information about you by us.
Most of this data comes directly from you when you use our applications, or interact with our websites, advertising or other Services. Broadly the information we collect about you relates to the type of device you are using, how you use our applications (such as IP Adresse and purchases made) and may include information that you submit when creating an account with us or which you allow us to access when you connect to your social network accounts through our applications or Services.
We may also collect information from advertising platforms and partners and other third parties such as information about purchases and interests.
information that you provide us with when you fill in forms or create posts on our application or website, or when you create an account with us.
details of your use of our services and the resources that you access (for example, information about how and when you use the Websites, or what device you use to access the application)
if you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we or other users of the Websites send to you, we may keep a record of that correspondence
your interactions with us on our social media channels
information we collect via cookies (which are small text files placed on your device), and other similar technologies. Cookies allow us to collect data, such as your device’s model, operating system and screen size and other information about how you use our Services.
We use the information we collect about you to provide our Services to you, for the purposes of optimisation, preventing fraud, customising services offers and verifying purchases, and for research or analysis.
We may also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising purposes.
We may also share your information with third party publishers who develop and provide applications and other Services to you on our behalf.
We may from time to time ask you for your consent to collect other information from you or your device. For instance, we may invite you to allow us to access your contacts to enable us to invite them to use our applications. If we do this or something similar, we will tell you what information we would like to collect, why we need it and what we’ll use it for.
SERVICES  PROFILE
You can choose to add information to your Profile or to connect our Services to your account with a third party network (such as Facebook). If you do this, then your personal information will be visible to other users and we’ll also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising.
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM GOOGLE
If you log in to your Golzak Profile using your Google account details, we will receive some of your Google account information. Exactly what information we receive will depend on your settings in your Google account, but typically we will receive your basic public profile information such as your name, email address and profile picture.
You can revoke future access to your information at any time by following the steps at
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/112802?hl=en
We would recommend that you read Google’s Privacy Policy (
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
) and review your privacy settings from time to time to make sure that you understand fully how your Google data is shared.
GOOGLE USER DATA
Who is requesting Google user data?
We use Google API Services to allow our apps’ users to authenticate and access our restricted apps’ content.
These are the Android apps that request your Google email data for the sole reason of authentication:
Proxynel
Blue Proxy
What data are we requesting?
We request only your Gmail email address.
Why are we requesting your Google user data?
In order to allow our users to use our services securely we need some form of authentication, that’s why we choose to request your Gmail address in order to authenticate you in our proxy backend. We do this for the sole reason to protect our infrastructure against abusers.
Your Google email address is being stored in our API servers and the Firebase backends in order to keep your account active and can use our services.
We do not share your Google account with any third party services.
MARKETING
We and our third party partners use information collected about you to promote our services by sending you marketing communications about other Golzak applications and related Services based on your interests. For example, we may send emails, serve ads within our Services or place ads on third party websites, apps and Internet-connected devices.
ADVERTISING
Our applications may include advertising for third party products and services.
We use information that we hold about you to better target ads for third party goods and services to people that might be most interested in them. These ads may be shown to you within our applications or Services.
We use the data that we collect about you as described in this Privacy Policy to try to make sure you only see ads in our applications that might be of interest to you. This includes information such as:
The application that you use and information about how you interact with our applications  and Services;
Your age, country and region, and gender…
Other demographic and interests based information that we might acquire from our third party marketing partners or other third parties who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share that information with us.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods set out in the Contact Us section below.
Right of access. You have a right to know what information we hold about you and in some cases to have the information communicated to you. If you wish to exercise this right please contact us letting us know that you wish to exercise your right of access and what information in particular you would like to receive. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any information. Please note that we may not be able to provide all the information you ask for, for instance if the information includes personal information about another person. Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will endeavour to tell you why.
Right to correct personal information. We try to keep the information that we hold about you accurate and up to date. Should you realise that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know and we will correct it as soon as we can.
Data deletion. In some circumstances you have a right to have some of the personal information that we hold about you deleted. Please note that in order to process your request you must delete our applications from your mobile devices and clear our cookies from any device where you opened our website in a web browser. Where we delete personal information about you, we may still retain some or all of that information for other purposes such as maintaining financial records, protecting or enforcing legal rights, maintaining marketing suppression lists or for technical reasons such as maintaining technical security or our database integrity.
Restriction of processing. In some cases, you may have the right to request a restriction of the processing of your personal data, such as when you are disputing the accuracy of your data held by us.
Right to object. You have the right to object to the processing of personal data about you which is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests
Direct marketing opt out. If you have elected to receive direct marketing communications from us, you can change your mind at any time by following the opt out link in any marketing communication that is sent to you. If you have elected to receive more than one type of marketing communications from us, you may need to opt out of all of them individually. It may take a few days for us to update our records before any opt out is effective
CHILDREN
You must be over 18 to use our applications  and our Services. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under 18, or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age set out below, please Contact Us.
RETENTION
We will keep your information for as long as your account is active or we consider necessary for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy. We will also retain and use your information for as long as is required in order to comply with our legal obligations.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then there are several way of contacting us:
via our customer services page at
https://www.golzak.com/contact/
;
via email to
[email protected]
; or
in writing to Golzak, 7 Coronation Road Dephna House London NW10 7PQ, United Kingdom.
For information collected under this Privacy Policy, the data controller is golzak.com Limited. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted here:
[email protected]
Golzak UK LTD. © 2022. All Rights Reserved |
Terms of Services
|
Privacy Policy
. Registered in England and Wales No: 13649050