Docs Viewer
Docs Viewer
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Melting Source’s Docs Viewer (the “
Service
”) allows you to
use Google Drive to view documents (the “
Content
”) on Android.
To this end, Docs Viewer needs to upload said documents
to Melting Source’s and/or Google’s servers.
Because documents are uploaded to Google’s servers for conversion purposes,
by using Docs Viewer you agree to be bound by Google’s
Terms of Service
,
as well as the following additional terms of service.
Aditional Terms of Service
Copyright
You retain copyright and any other rights you already hold
in Content which you submit, post or display on or through, the Service.
By submitting, posting or displaying the Content
you give Melting Source and Google a
perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license
to reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish, publicly perform,
publicly display and distribute any Content which
you submit, post or display on or through, the Service.
This license is for the sole purpose of enabling Melting Source and Google
to provide you with the Service in accordance with this and
Google’s
privacy policy.
Security
The Content which you view through the Service,
is transmitted to/from Melting Sources’s and/or Google’s servers securely.
Content uploaded to Melting Source’s servers, in particular,
is stored securely and for no longer than 2 days before being automatically deleted.
Uploaded Content is not being monitored in any way by Melting Source.
Advertising
Melting Source may show you ads while using the Service.
We will not share any uploaded Content with advertising networks and/or advertisers.
You should be aware that the advertisers’ privacy policies may differ from our own.
Analytics
Melting Source reserves the right to anonymously track and report your use of the Service,
to our third party statistical service providers,
so we can better understand usage patterns and evaluate necessary improvements.
We will not share any uploaded Content with such third parties.