PRIVACY POLICY
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE APPLICATION PROVIDED BY US. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR APPLICATION (OTHER THAN TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME), YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. 
Over, DGenius Mobile ("we", "our", or "us") is pleased to offer you access to this mobile application Game Screen Recorder (together, the "Application"). Your use of the Application is subject to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy and any other terms we may provide you.
Collecting User Information
We do not collect any personally identifiable information from users. You are not required to register to use the Application. We do not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
The Application may collect certain non-personal information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, your network service provider, the IP address of your mobile device and information about the way you use the Application. For example, the settings, the recording durations, the name of applications you use when recording, how do you stop recording... We do not collect, send or share any of the images, videos or content created by you.
Use of Collected User Information
We use the collected information solely for the purpose of tracking bugs, improving the Application functionality and enhancing user experience.
Opt-out Option
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Children
While the Application may be used by children, it is not intended to be used by children, without involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian. DGenius Mobile does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 without parental approval. In the event you become aware that an individual under the age of 13 has used the Application without parental permission, please advise us immediately.
Security
Game Screen Recorder is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
Privacy Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at dgeniushelp@gmail.com