Sun NXT | About
Privacy Policy
Sun TV Network Limited is the owner of the Sun NXT Platform ("Platform") through which You have opted to avail of certain Services by agreeing to the
Terms of Use
. This Privacy Policy must be read in conjunction with the
Terms of Use
and other Policies available on Our Platform. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless defined hereunder, all capitalised terms shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the
Terms of Use
.
When You share information with Us, we are able to make Our Services even better. As You use Our Services, we want You to be clear on how We are using information and the ways in which You can protect Your privacy.
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") is published in compliance with inter alia:
Section 43A of the Information Technology Act, 2000 ("IT Act");
Rule 4 of the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Information) Rules, 2011 ("SPDI Rules"); and
Rule 3(1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information We collect
How We collect and use that information
How You can provide information selectively, and how You can access and update this information; and
How We process, share and protect Your information.
GENERAL
The Platform is owned and operated by Sun TV Network Limited, whose registered office is at Murasoli Maran Towers, 73, MRC Nagar Main Road, MRC Nagar, Chennai 600 028. This Privacy Policy applies to all Users accessing or using Our Platform.
BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR PLATFORM OR BY OTHERWISE GIVING US YOUR INFORMATION, YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE THE CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT AS PER APPLICABLE LAW APPLYING WITHIN THE JURISIDICTION FROM WHICH YOU ACCESS OR USE THE PLATFORM AND IN PARTICULAR, THE INDIAN CONTRACT ACT, 1872, AND CONSEQUENTLY, YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED TO THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS Privacy Policy AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE SAME.
YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO OUR COLLECTION, USE, SHARING, AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS Privacy Policy. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD OR DELETE PORTIONS OF THE TERMS OF THIS Privacy Policy, AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION, AT ANY TIME, AND ANY CONTINUED USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE PLATFORM BY THE USER FOLLOWING ANY SUCH AMENDMENTS TO THE Privacy Policy, WILL BE DEEMED AS AN ACCEPTANCE OF THE Privacy Policy IN ITS AMENDED FORM. IF YOU ARE ACCESSING OR USING THIS PLATFORM FROM AN OVERSEAS LOCATION, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK, AND SHALL BE SOLELY LIABLE FOR COMPLIANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAWS.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS Privacy Policy AT ANY TIME, IN PART OR AS A WHOLE, DO NOT USE THE PLATFORM OR SERVICES PROVIDED ON THE PLATFORM, OR PROVIDE US WITH ANY OF YOUR INFORMATION.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND METHOD OF COLLECTION
We collect the following types of information about You, through Our Platform: Demographic Information, Behavioural Information, and Indirect Information, (as defined below, and collectively, "Information").
Additionally, We also collect Personal Information (as defined below) from You.
We may collect from You, information which is not unique to You and refers to selected population characteristics ("Demographic Information") including age, gender, location and occupation.
Information we will collect from you automatically
We collect information about how You use the Platform and information about Your electronic device and software that You use to access the Platform, including Device IDs / Unique identifiers, usage statistics, traffic data, Your IP address, browser and operating system type, IMEI number, domain names, access times, locations, Your previous orders and transactions including the product and pricing details, transaction information and payment and browsing history ("Behavioural Information").
Your use of certain third party services on the Platform also requires Us to collect such information as is considered necessary for that purpose ("Indirect Information").
While We may collect Demographic Information, Behavioural Information and Indirect Information when You access or use Our Platform, We only collect Personal Information from You, when You choose to use or avail of Our Services. Additionally, If You register on the Platform through Your account on any social media platform, We may collect Your user ID or user name and any other information You have permitted the social media platform to share with Us specifically or any other third party. You also consent to us collecting information You have made publicly available through the social media platform.
In order to avail of or use Our Services, You are required to provide Us with Your personal information, including but not limited to: Your name; date of birth; mobile number; email address; user name and password created by You.(collectively, "Personal Information").
The IT Act and the SPDI Rules regulate the collection, usage, retention and disclosure of personal information, which is defined under the SPDI Rules as any information that relates to a natural person, which, either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be available to a body corporate, is capable of identifying such person.
The SPDI Rules further define "Sensitive Personal Data or Information" ("SPDI") of a person as personal information about that person relating to:
passwords;
financial information such as bank accounts, credit and debit card details or other payment instrument details;
physical, physiological and mental health condition;
sexual orientation;
medical records and history;
biometric information;
any detail relating to the above clauses as provided to the body corporate for providing services; and
any of the information received under above clauses by body corporate for processing, stored or processed under lawful contract or otherwise.
Further, You agree that all Personal Information is provided by You to Us voluntarily. Collection, use and disclosure of SPDI requires Your express consent. By providing us with Personal Information, You are providing us with Your consent to Our use, collection and disclosure of the Personal Information.
You may choose to not provide Us with or withdraw any or all information included under Personal Information, but in the event that You do so, We will be unable to provide You with Our Services.
Separately, You understand and acknowledge that search engines such as google.com and archive.com, not affiliated with STNL, may archive or otherwise make available information posted on the Platform.
Use of Information
We use Your Information for the following purposes:
In addition to the above, We also use Your Information and Personal Information for the following purposes:
To operate and improve the Platform in order to foster a positive User experience and to improve our business as a whole;
Analysing data, tracking trends, building algorithms, creating databases for rating systems, recommendations engines, etc.;
Research;
For non-targeting reasons such as frequency capping, compliance, billing, ad reporting or delivery, market research or product development purposes;
To conduct audits and quality assessment procedures; and
To analyse the use of Our resources, troubleshooting problems and improving Our Services, by using the information regarding Your electronic device and software.
In addition to the above, We also use Your Information and Personal Information for the following purposes:
To provide Our Services to You;
To comply with applicable law;
Contacting Users for offering new products or services;
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of Our
Terms of Use
, or as otherwise required by law;
To respond to any queries that You may have, and to communicate information to You, including notifications of any promotions or alerts, any updates to the Platform, or the introduction of any future fees or charges that We may collect at the time for the provision of Our Services to You; and
To contact You from time to time to record Your valuable feedback on Our Services, as they currently stand, and/or any potential Services that may be offered in the future;
(Collectively, the above constitute "the Purposes").
If You wish to opt out of receiving non-essential communications such as promotional and marketing-related information regarding the Services, please email us at contact@sunnxt.com
We disclose Your Information including Personal Information, as the case may be to third parties in the manner specified below:
Information to:
Conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process;
Protect Our rights or property or Our affiliated companies;
Prevent a crime or protect national security; or
Protect the personal safety of Users or the public.
Such third parties may include:
Our associates, affiliates or related entities; and
Any of our agents, contractors or third party service providers that process or will be processing Your Information, and relevant Personal Information on Our behalf, including but not limited to those which provide administrative or other services to Us such as mailing houses, telecommunication companies, information technology companies and data centres. Subject to applicable law, We may at Our sole discretion, transfer Personal Information to any other body corporate (as defined under the Information Technology Act, 2000) that ensures at least the same level of data protection as is provided by Us under the terms hereof, located in India or any other country. By using the Platform, You accept the terms hereof and You hereby consent to the storage and processing of Personal Information in any of the above locations.
By continuing to use the Platform, You provide Your consent for transfer, sharing and disclosure of such Information and Personal Information by Us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Any third party to which We transfer or sell Our assets, merge or consolidate with, will have the right to continue to use the Information and Personal Information provided to Us by You, in accordance with the
Terms of Use
and this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Links
The Platform may include hyperlinks to various external websites or platforms including platforms for processing your payments, which may require You to disclose Your Information ("Third Party Links"). You acknowledge and agree that We are not responsible for any collection or disclosure of Your information by any external sites, applications, companies or persons thereof.
You further acknowledge and agree that We are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by You as a result of the collection and/or disclosure of Your information via Third Party Links, as a result of any reliance placed by You on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products services, or other materials on, or available via such Third Party Links. This will include all transactions, and information transmitted therein, between You and any such third party sites or applications or resources, such transactions are strictly bi-partite. We shall not be liable for any disputes arising from or in connection with such transactions between You and the aforementioned third parties.
Such third party websites, and external applications or resources, accessible via the Third Party Links may have their own privacy policies governing the collection, storage, retention and disclosure of Your information that You may be subject to. We recommend that You exercise reasonable diligence, as You would in traditional offline channels and practice judgment and common sense before committing to any transaction or exchange of information, including but not limited to reviewing the third party website or application’s Privacy Policy.
Changes to Your Information
You may review, correct, update, change or delete Your Personal Information on the Platform. Log into Your Account and You will be able to access and update Your Personal Information. You can delete any part of the Personal Information or request Us to delete Your Personal Information, and We will comply with such requests within a reasonable time, unless We are required to keep certain information for complying with applicable law.
Should You choose to delete Your Personal Information, or modify it in a way that is not verifiable by Us, or leads to such Personal Information being incorrect, We will be unable to provide You with Our Services, as described under the
Terms of Use
, and such deletion or modification may be regarded as the User seeking to discontinue receipt of Our Services.
We reserve the right to verify and authenticate Your identity and Your Personal Information in order to ensure accurate delivery of Services. Access to or correction, updating or deletion of Your Personal Information may be denied or limited by Us if it would violate another person’s rights and/or is not otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Security of Your Information
We endeavour to maintain physical, technical and procedural safeguards that are appropriate to protect Your Information against loss, misuse, copying, damage or modification and unauthorized access or disclosure. Some of the security measures adopted by Us are:
We review Our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems; and
We restrict access to Personal Information, to Our employees and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for Us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations, and may be disciplined or whose relationship with Us may terminate if they fail to meet these obligations.
An administrator of the Company will have knowledge of Your username or Your password. It is important for You to protect against unauthorized access to Your password and Your username. We do not undertake any liability for any unauthorised use of Your Account, username and password. If You suspect any unauthorized use of Your Account, You must immediately notify Us by sending an email to contact@sunnxt.com. You shall be liable to indemnify Us due to any loss suffered by Us due to such unauthorized use of Your Account or password.
Further, We shall not be responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties or events that are beyond Our reasonable control including but not limited to acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption, poor quality of Internet service or telephone service of the User, etc.
Retention of Information
We will also put in place measures such that Your Personal Information, which is in Our possession or under Our control, is destroyed and/or anonymized as soon as it is reasonable to assume that (i) the Purpose for which that Personal Information was collected is no longer being served by the retention of such Personal Information; and (ii) retention is no longer necessary for any other reason.
If You wish to cancel Your account, or request that We no longer use Your Personal Information to provide You Services, contact Us at contact@sunnxt.com.
If You wish to delete Your Account, and thereby discontinue using Our Services, You may do so at any time, in accordance with Paragraph contact@sunnxt.com of Our
Terms of Use
.
We, however, reserve the right to retain, store and use Your Information, Personal Information or content for Our business purposes, whether such Information or Your Account has been deleted or not.
After a period of time, Your data may be anonymized and aggregated, and then may be held by Us as long as necessary for Us to provide Our Services effectively.
Please note that Your withdrawal of consent or cancellation of Account may result in Us not being able to provide You with Our Services, or obligate us to terminate any existing relationship that We may have with You. Please also note that uninstalling the Platform will not result in termination of Your use of the Platform or Services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update, change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. The Privacy Policy shall come to effect from the date of such update, change or modification. If You continue to access or use the Platform after any such changes have been made, You would deemed to have consented to the changed Privacy Policy.
Cookies and other Tracking Technologies
We utilize "cookies" and other tracking technologies. A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about activity on the Platform. Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall information previously indicated by a User. Most internet browsers/mobile settings allow You to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most internet browsers/mobile applications to notify You if You receive a cookie, or You may choose to block cookies on Your internet browser/mobile applications. Please refer to Our
Cookie Policy
for further information on how we use cookies.
Disclaimer
We cannot ensure that all of Your Information or Personal Information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Therefore, although We are committed to protecting Your privacy, We do not promise, and You should not expect, that Your Information or private communications will always remain private. As a User of the Platform, You understand and agree that You assume all responsibility and risk for Your use of the Platform, the internet generally, and the information You post or access and for Your conduct on and off the Platform.
Indemnity
You agree and undertake to indemnify Us in any suit or dispute by any third party arising out of disclosure of information by You to third parties either through Our Platform or otherwise and Your use and access of websites, applications and resources of third parties. We assume no liability for any actions of third parties with regard to Your Information or Personal Information which You may have disclosed to such third parties.
Severability
Each clause of this Privacy Policy shall be and remain separate from and independent of and severable from all and any other clauses herein except where otherwise expressly indicated or indicated by the context of the Privacy Policy.
The decision or declaration that one or more of the clauses are null and void shall have no effect on the remaining clauses of this Privacy Policy.
Grievance Officer and contact information
In accordance with the IT Act and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Name:
Kalyanasundaram
Email:
grievanceofficer@sunnxt.com