Phone Master
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Phone Master
Privacy Policy
What Information We Collect
a, usage data, which is information about your use of the application, service and/or website, including but not limited to connection and service-related data submitted to us through the use of the application, service or website. Session and usage data includes information related to connection requests, server communications, and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, and the date, time, and location of collisions. We may also aggregate session and usage data, as described in aggregated information below.
b, Device data. When you interact with us or use the Apps, Services or our website, our systems may automatically collect your unique user device number, IP address, the type of browser or operating system you use, and the date and time of your use ("Record data").
c, Shared data. This is the data we collect about a group or category of services or users where individual user identities have been removed. In other words, information about how you use the applications, services and websites may be collected and combined with information about how others use the applications, services and websites, but the resulting shared information will not contain any personally identifiable information. Aggregated information helps us understand trends in user needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise customize applications, services and websites.
How We Use the Information Collected
a, Personal Information - Since we do not collect personal information, we may not use your personal information in any way.
b, in order to improve the personalized user experience - we may use your non-personal information to understand the demographics, customer interests and other trends of our users;
c, to help develop our services - we may use non-personal information to provide, maintain, improve and modify applications, services and websites and to develop new services;
d, to further develop our business - we may use non-personal information for promotional and marketing purposes.
How to Disclose Your Information
We may disclose non-personal information to our trusted partners who are subject to this Privacy Policy and relevant privacy laws. We do not combine non-personal information with personal information (such as combining your name with your unique user device number).
Third Party Website
Typically, applications, services, and websites access third-party information (such as your Google Account information) through APIs. We may provide our users with links to third-party websites, such as Facebook, as a service. This website may also contain advertisements from other companies. When you click on a third-party link in an application, service or website, you may leave the application, service or website. We do not collect your information through and through this policy, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to apps, services or otherwise accessed. The inclusion of links or accessibility to third-party websites does not imply our endorsement of such third-party websites.
Information Sharing
We have no control over the behavior of other users with whom you share information. We cannot and do not control the information you share with other users using the application, service or website (including through forums), or how such other users may use or share such information. We are not responsible for third parties circumventing our security measures.
Safety
We are very concerned about protecting the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect personal information and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your non-personal information from unauthorized access and use. Please note that no security measures we take to protect your information can absolutely guarantee against unauthorized access or use of your impenetrable non-personal information.
Changes
We reserve the right to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time and in our sole discretion. You can review the latest version of our Privacy Policy at any time. You must review this policy periodically to stay informed of any changes. If you do not agree to any modifications to this policy, your only recourse is to immediately cease all use of all applications, services and websites.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
romobrianexquided@gmail.com
Terms of Service
When you access, use, install or download Phone Booster products, you acknowledge that you have read and understood these terms and agree to be bound by and fully comply with these terms. If you do not agree, please do not access, install, download or use the Phone Booster product as defined below.
License
Phone Booster hereby grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited and revocable license to use the Phone Booster Product solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement of Use. Phone Booster reserves all right, title and interest not expressly granted by this license to the fullest extent of applicable law. You hereby represent and warrant that you will use Phone Booster products or services only for your privacy and security needs. You may not sublicense, assign or assign the license granted to you hereunder, and any attempt to sublicense, assign or assign any part of your rights hereunder is void.
Data
Phone Booster values your privacy and works hard to maintain it. We only collect the minimum amount of information to provide our product, our goal is to protect your privacy, unless specifically mentioned, Phone Booster does not store data in the product that allows interference with your personal data. For all operations involving the storage of personal data, such as payment operations, Phone Booster works with third-party providers who are responsible for storing the data separately . For more information, we recommend that you review our Privacy Policy.
Product Modifications and Updates
Phone Booster may, at its sole discretion, from time to time, modify the product, such as adding or removing certain features of the VPN server or updating software and providing limited technical support, upgrades and updates for Phone Booster products. In order to enhance and further develop Phone Booster products, we may automatically download and install updates and upgrades from time to time. You hereby agree to receive such updates and upgrades as part of your use of the Phone Booster product. We are under no obligation to provide you with any supported version of the Phone Booster product. In addition, we are under no obligation to provide support or maintenance for the services under this Agreement.
Disclaimer
Phone Booster does not provide any warranty for services or software. Phone Booster is not responsible for damages that may occur due to exposure of user identities or IP addresses or failure of individual VPN servers. Additionally, Phone Booster does not provide any guarantees about the availability or performance of certain servers in the Phone Booster network.
Changes
Phone Booster reviews this Agreement of Use from time to time, and updated versions are always posted on our website. You understand and agree that it is your obligation to review these Terms from time to time to stay informed of the current rules and obligations. Notice of material changes to the Terms will be provided via website updates or other prominent means. Your use of the content or services after these terms have changed constitutes your acceptance of the changed terms.
Contact US
If you have any comments or suggestions on this agreement, please give us feedback at: romobrianexquided@gmail.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse