
Copyright
Copyright
Great Qur’an Application
Copyright © 2017
Al-Dar Al-Arabia for Information Technology LLC
, All Rights Reserved.
Intellectual property and copyrights of this application or its plug-ins, add-ons or content are owned by
Al-Dar Al-Arabia for Information Technology
.
This version is licensed only for charitable distribution sponsored by
"The Waqf of Badr Ibn Saleh Ar-Rajhi's mother and her sons"
.
This license does not indicate or include - by any means – the sale of any right relating to this product, any of its parts, plug-ins, add-ons or content. Rather, this license allows only charitable distribution of the application through the current platform of application store.
Copyrights of any third party on the application are reserved to their holder.
Redistribution of the application using the source code or binary files, or using the reverse engineering with or without making any amendments, would expose the infringer or the one responsible for the this copyright infringement to legal action.
No  party is entitled to redistribute the application outside the official stores of Apple, Google Play or Microsoft without an official written permission from the copyright holder and the owner of the application,
Al-Dar Al-Arabia for Information Technology LLC
. Distributing this application outside these official stores would be a violation of the intellectual property protection law and exposes the one responsible for this copyright infringement to legal action.
It is not allowed to use the application name or brand or the trademark or name of the copyright holder
Al-Dar Al-Arabia for Information Technology LLC
to promote products which are similar or derived from this application or any other products without obtaining prior written permission from the copyright owner.
This application is licensed to be distributed by the copyright holders and shareholders "as is".
The developer and owner company of the application does not give any explicit or implicit warranties, including - but not limited to - advertising and promoting for the suitability of the application for a particular purpose. In any case,
Al-Dar Al-Arabia for Information Technology LLC
, or the shareholders are not responsible for any damage, being direct, indirect, or accidental (particular, cautionary, consequential), including - but not limited to - loss of use, data or profits; or business interruption, whatever the causes and the liabilities, be these liabilities contractual, absolute or tort (including negligence or otherwise) which are incurred - in one way or another – by the use of this application.