Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Early Start has developed this Privacy Policy to help customers understand the principles when accessing, using, and/or processing personal data that they have provided us at the website and/or in the process of registration, product use.
1. Introduction
Early Start Joint Stock Company is the provider and owner of educational applications for children: Monkey Junior, Monkey Stories, Monkey Math (hereinafter referred to as “we”). We acknowledge the importance of personal data that customers have trusted and provided us, as well as believing that we have the responsibility to manage, protect and handle customers’ personal information appropriately. We developed this Privacy Policy to help customers understand the principles when accessing, using, and/or processing personal data that customers have provided us at the website and/or during the process of registration, product use.
                                By providing us with your personal information, customers agree that their personal information will be collected and used as outlined in this Policy. If customers do not agree to this Policy, please do not provide us with any personal information and/or use the rights outlined in section 6 of this Policy.
                                We encourage customers to regularly review this Privacy Policy for the latest updates to ensure that customers acknowledge and exercise their rights to manage their personal information.
2. What personal data is collected?
The personal data provided on the website and when using the applications that we may collect includes, but is not limited to:
- Full name
- Email
- Phone number
- Address
- Personal Facebook information (if any)
Customers are responsible for the accuracy and truthfulness of the information provided to us. In addition, customers are responsible for promptly notifying us of any unauthorized use, abuse, or breach of security to take appropriate measures.
                                When customers subscribe to a course, they will be added to our list to receive newsletters, special offers, or occasional offers.
3. When is personal data collected?
We will/may collect personal data about our customers when they:
- Log in for a free trial lesson or use in-app purchases using one of their pieces of information such as phone number, Gmail, or Facebook;
- Register to receive a consultant on the company's products;
- Purchase and pay for the company's products.
4. Purpose and scope of information use
We may collect, use, provide and/or process your personal data for one or more of the following purposes:
- To contact to confirm when customers sign up to use the service to ensure their rights;
- To create a user Account to log into our programs (to try out or to use purchased content);
- To manage the login and use of our program on different devices;
- To manage and synchronize the learning progress on each application by user Account;
- To provide free telephone consultation to customers about services related to language learning programs for kids which apply early education methods;
- To answer customer inquiries;
- To send notices about information exchange activities between customers and us;
- To conduct customer surveys;
- To carry out promotional activities related to the courses;
- To prevent activities that destroy customer information or activities that impersonate customers;
- To contact and work with customers in some special cases;
- In case of legal requirements: we have the responsibility to cooperate in providing customers' personal information upon request from judicial authorities, including Procuracy, court, investigation police agency, which is related to certain legal violations of customers. In addition, no one has the right to infringe on customers' personal information.
5. How long is information stored?
We will store our customers’ personal data until we receive a request for cancellation or deletion. Otherwise, in all cases, customers’ personal information is stored confidentially on our server.
                                We will retain and use your information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
6. Means and tools for users to access and edit their personal data
- Customers have the right to request cancellation or deletion of their personal information by putting forth a request to the website administrator.
- Customers have the right to submit complaints about the disclosure of personal information to third parties to the website's Board of Management. When receiving this feedback, we will confirm the information, assume the responsibility to answer the reason, and inform the customer how to secure their information.
7. Commitment to the confidentiality of customer's personal information
- We are committed to completely securing the customers’ personal information that we have collected according to the personal information protection policy we have issued. The collection and use of each customer’s information are done only with the consent of that customer unless otherwise required by law.
- Do not use, transfer, provide or disclose customers’ personal information to any third party without the consent of the customers unless otherwise required by competent authorities for investigation, trial, etc.
- If we participate in mergers or acquisitions for a part or all of the assets, the customers will be notified via email or our official website about any changes of ownership or use of customer's personal information, as well as any customers’ rights relating to customers’ personal information, to any third party with customers’ consent.
- If a server restoring customer’s information is attacked by a hacker, subsequently leading to the loss of the customer’s personal data, we will be responsible for reporting the case to the investigating authorities for timely management and notification to the customer.
- Secure all customers’ online transaction information, including invoice information, accounting documents digitized in our secure level 1 data center.
- The website board of management requires that when subscribing/purchasing as customers, individuals must fully provide relevant personal information, including full name, address, email, and phone number, and be responsible for the legality of the above information. We are not responsible for and will not handle all complaints related to the interests of the customers if all the personal information provided by customers of initial registration is incorrect or inaccurate.
8. How to access, update or delete the information customers have provided to Monkey
If customers do not want Monkey to have the right to use their information or wish to exercise the privacy rights committed between Monkey and customers, please contact us by sending an Email to the address X with the below content:
                                Email subject: Request to delete account - full name, Email address, and learner ID on the app.
Monkey will respond to your request within the time specified in the commitment. When submitting this request, you may be required to suspend the use of Monkey's applications and services until the request is resolved.
If you would like to update, modify or delete the personal information that Monkey has collected or have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, contact us via email.
If you have any questions or complaints about our privacy practices, please contact us via the address above.
Terms of Use
Please take the time to fully read and understand the Terms of Use between you and Early
                               Start Joint Stock Company, herein referred to as Early Start.
Welcome to our official website.
By accessing, browsing content, or using any of the content or images of this website,
                               you (the user) acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to comply with the
                               provisions of these terms. If you do not agree with these terms, please discontinue the
                               use of this website.
Early Start is responsible for ensuring the legality of providing content on the website
                               to users. All information, images, and content posted on the website comply with the
                               provisions of law and social moral standards.
1. Copyright and Trademark
Declaration of Early Start's intellectual property rights to the objects shown on the
                               website.
This website and all content of the website, including but not limited to the text,
                               design, graphics, interface, images, and codes are copyright of Early Start or a
                               third-party licensing to Early Start. Copyright of Early Start is shown on the website
                               with the phrase ©2017 Copyright of Early Start Joint Stock Company.
Any content belonging to this website, including trademarks, trade names, company or
                               product logos, product designs, etc., are considered as the intellectual property of
                               Early Start and protected under regulations.
Any act of copying, quoting, modifying, distributing, publishing, circulating, etc., for
                               commercial and (or) non-commercial purposes in any form without prior express written
                               consent by Early Start's is an infringement of Early Start's rights. Early Start reserves
                               the right to terminate the user’s subscription and access, and to request compensation
                               for any loss or damages.
2. Rights and Responsibilities of Early Start
Early Start has the right to modify and/or terminate the contents, features of a part,
                                or the entire website without prior notice to the user.
Early Start has the right to implement security measures to protect and prevent
                                unauthorized access or unauthorized modification, disclosure, or destruction of
                                information.
Early Start has the right to implement security measures to protect against unauthorized
                                access or unauthorized modification, disclosure, or destruction of information on the
                                website.
When using the website, all information will be transmitted through a medium/device
                                beyond Early Start's control. Accordingly, Early Start is not responsible nor liable for
                                or relating to any delay, failure, or interruption of any data or other information
                                transmitted in connection with the use of the website.
Personal information such as the address, email, and phone number of website users
                                (voluntarily provided by users in different forms on the website) may be used internally
                                for the purpose of upgrading Early Start’s products and services.
Early Start commits not to proactively disclose any user information to third parties,
                                except in the case of a written request from investigative authorities in accordance
                                with applicable laws. At that time, Early Start will notify the user in writing.
                                However, despite owning security technologies and the systems equipped with various
                                security features, no data transmitted over the internet can be 100% secured. Therefore,
                                Early Start cannot make a firm commitment that the information users provide will be
                                absolutely confidential, and will not be responsible in the event of unauthorized access
                                to users’ personal information. All non-private information and materials posted by
                                users on the website are not considered confidential information, Early Start has the
                                full rights to use or transmit this information/data as it sees fit.
Early Start is allowed to use any ideas or concepts that have been posted on the website
                                for all purposes without limitation, including product development, production, and/or
                                marketing. Early Start has no obligation to compensate or reward providers.
Please ensure that you have the rights to use all the information and documents you
                                submit; this means Early Start will not infringe any third-party rights.
Early Start has the right to refuse certain materials you submit without being required
                                to surface a response citing justifications for this action.
3. Rights and responsibilities of users
Early Start allows users to view, extract information from the website (print, download,
                                forward, etc.) or share it with others, but for personal and non-commercial use only,
                                provided that the copyright notice “©2017 Copyright by Early Start Joint Stock Company”
                                is cited.
Users must comply with the laws and regulations relating to the use of the Early Start
                                website; Do not interfere, affect the use of the website by other users; Do not
                                interfere in the operation and management of Early Start's website. Users must
                                additionally acknowledge and abide by the rules and regulations as detailed in the Terms
                                of Use.
Users should acknowledge and accept that Early Start and/or its affiliates/subsidiaries/
                                employees are not liable for any loss, damage, or expense arising from any of decisions
                                or actions from users when utilizing any information from the website for any reason.
If users do not agree with any information on the Website or with any of the terms and
                                conditions pertaining to the use of information on this Website, please terminate
                                access/use of the information on the Website.
4. General provisions
Terms of Use governed by international law
A term of use invalidated by the decision of a court of competent jurisdiction will not
                                affect the validity of the remaining provisions.
Early Start always welcomes your comments/suggestions about website content. If you
                                believe a part of this website is infringing on the copyright of a third party, please
                                send this information to support.global@monkeyenglish.net
This notice and all Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between Early Start and
                                you regarding the use of information on the website. Early Start may modify this notice
                                at any time by updating it on the website. You should regularly visit the website to
                                monitor these binding regulations when using any of Early Start’s properties.
BOARD OF MANAGEMENT
Contact Us
United States
8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, United States
support.global@monkeyenglish.net
0742 889
                                                                                                               6737
Indonesia
Agung Karya VI, Papanggo, Tanjung Priok, North Jakarta City, Jakarta
contact.indo@monkeyenglish.net
021 278 99822
Thailand
Chartered Square Building, North Sathon Road, Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok
contact@monkeyenglish.net
020 385 919
Malaysia
7 Jalan Ppu3, Taman Perindustrian Puchong Utama, Puchong, Selangor
contact.malaysia@monkeyenglish.net
088 335 350
Vietnam
Floor 2, FS Building, 47 Nguyen Tuan, Thanh Xuan District, Hanoi
monkeyxinchao@monkey.edu.vn
1900 636052
United States
8 The Green, Suite A, Dover, Delaware 19901, United States
support.global@monkeyenglish.net
0742 889
                            6737
Indonesia
Agung Karya VI, Papanggo, Tanjung Priok, North Jakarta City, Jakarta
contact.indo@monkeyenglish.net
021 278 99822
Thailand
Chartered Square Building, North Sathon Road, Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok
contact@monkeyenglish.net
1900 636052
Malaysia
7 Jalan Ppu3, Taman Perindustrian Puchong Utama, Puchong, Selangor
contact.malaysia@monkeyenglish.net
088 335 350
Vietnam
Floor 2, FS Building, 47 Nguyen Tuan, Thanh Xuan District, Hanoi
monkeyxinchao@monkey.edu.vn
1900 636052