privacy and terms of use
analiti
Speed Test WiFi Analyzer
phone_android
For Phones & Tablets
tv
For Smart TVs
privacy
contact us
analiti © 2016-2023
privacy and terms of use
privacy notice and terms of use
what data we collect
We collect the following data when measuring the performance of your wireless Internet connection:
Time of data collection
Device type, manufacturer, model and operating system version
Wireless networks data, for all WiFi and mobile networks seen by your device
Internet and connectivity performance factors - such a speeds and signal strength
how collected data may be used
The data we collect may be used in various ways:
Understanding, fixing, improving and expending the functionality of our products
Providing you with offers for products and services that may improve your Internet connectivity
Expanding our knowledge of Internet connectivity performance over wireless networks
Promoting products and services by us or 3rd parties
opting out
If at any time you want to stop us from collecting data, uninstall our products. Any data collected prior to the uninstall of our products will remain in our databases.
If you wish we delete previously collected data - please provide us with relevant identities (e.g., analiti ID, e-mail address) so we could look it up and delete it as we find it in our databases.
advertising
Our products may contain or display advertisements for products, services or third parties. We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. The inclusion of advertising, logos or Web site links on our products does not constitute an endorsement of the products or services so advertised. We take no responsibility for a link's operation or content. We urge all users of our products to conduct their own investigation of any individual, organization, product or service advertised in our products or that is electronically linked to by our products.
Our products and the information presented in them are provided "AS IS", without representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. We disclaim any and all warranties with regard to our products and the information contained in them, including without limitation: (a) Any implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, infringement or title; (b) Any warranty of quality, functionality, operability, use or performance of our products or the information presented in them; (c) Any warranty of the accuracy completeness or validity of data or information communicated through our products; (d) Any warranty of the continuous availability of our products or the information presented in them, or our products or the information presented in them will be uninterrupted or error-free; (e) Any warranty either expressly or by implication any individual, organization, product or service presented by our products or that is electronically linked to this site.
limitation of liability
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to negligence, shall we be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, our products or the information presented in them, even if we or our authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall our total liability to you for all costs, damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence), or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you and received by us, if any, for using our products.