Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Franky Apps built the Private Read for WhatsApp app as an Ad Supported app. Franky Apps also offers a pro version as an in-app purchase which removes the advertisements and brings new exclusive features.
If you choose to use this Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation
                    to this policy.
Information Collection and Use
Private Read for WhatsApp does not explicitly collect any of its user data.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Facebook Audience Network
Log Data
Franky Apps wants to inform you that whenever you use this Service, in a case of an
                    error in the app Franky Apps collects data and information (through third party products) on your phone
                    called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
                    device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service,
                    the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Private Read for WhatsApp does not explicitly collect nor store any of its user data on any server. All the data used by the application
                    are stored only on the physical devices of their owners.
As seen in the previous "Information Collection and Use" section, Private Read does connect with trusted third-parties providing advertisements and analytics data.
Those third parties are Facebook & Google. They are compliant with the GDPR and their privacy policy can be accessed from the URLs posted in the previous "Information Collection and Use" section.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
                    to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, Franky Apps strongly
                    advises you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. Franky Apps has no control over
                    and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
                    or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Franky Apps may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
                    this page periodically for any changes. Franky Apps will notify you of any changes by posting
                    the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
                    this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
                    us on frankyapps16@gmail.com
This privacy policy page was created at
privacypolicytemplate.net
and modified/generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator