Privacy Policy – Alphabet Labs
Menu
Alphabet Labs
Skip to content
Home
Privacy Policy
Contact
About
Alphabet Labs
Menu Item
Menu Item
Skip to content
Home
Privacy Policy
Contact
About
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been written for the sole purpose of explaining how we collect and use the information as well as what information that might be when you visit or use any of the Alphabet Labs products and services. By accessing and/or using this or any affiliated websites, you are agreeing to the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What information do we obtain and how is it used?
Automatically Collected Information
We do not collect any user provided information, but we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the apps and games.
Do we collect precise real time location information of the device?
We do not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by Alphabet Labs?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose Automatically Collected Information:
– as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
– when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
– with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
– if Alphabet Labs is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, the new owner and/or partner will have access to all the information collected provided that the mentioned policies and principles of the privacy policy are followed and respected as stated above.
– to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how our apps and games are being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in our services which help us keep the applications free. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the our services, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising in our apps and elsewhere.
AdMob
AdMob is one of the world’s largest mobile advertising platforms and claims to serve more than 40 billion mobile banner and text ads per month across mobile Web sites and handset applications. Read about their privacy policy
here
.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our products and services, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
alphabet.labs@gmail.com
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Last updated: Feb 25, 2017
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Website Powered by WordPress.com
.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Alphabet Labs
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
%d
bloggers like this: