Queen App Privacy Policy:
Last updated 1 December 2022
Our Privacy Policy helps explain our information practices. For example, we talk about what information we collect (to improve services offered to you) and how this affects you.
We also explain the steps we take to protect your privacy.
When we say “Madarsoft,” “our,” “we,” or “us,” we’re talking about Madarsoft Inc. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to all of our apps, services, features, software, and website (together, “Services”) unless specified otherwise.
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the App to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
When you access or use Queen App, we automatically collect information about your device, including:
Log Information:
We log information about your use of the App, including the type of device you use, the features you use, access times.
Device Information:
We collect information about the device you use to access the App, including information about the device’s software, unique device identifiers, push or other device tokens, mobile network information and time zone.
Usage Information:
We collect information relating to your use of the App, including your interested features of app.
you can request the removal of this data by contacting us via e-mail: support@madarsoft.com
How to exercise your privacy rights :
At any time, you can exercise your rights to your information by contacting our data protection officer at support@madarsoft.com.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the App. For example, if you log into the App using a third-party site or platform such as Facebook, we may access information about you from that site or platform, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third party site or platform.
If you log into the App using a third-party site or platform, you represent and warrant that:
your access and use of such features in connection with the App will comply with the applicable terms and policies of such site or platform.
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Provide news and information about the App we think will be of interest to you.
Personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features.
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Social Sharing Features
The App may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take in the App with other media, and vice versa.
The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature.
Advertising and Analytics
• Services Provided by Others
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and collect certain anonymous information when you visit our app. These companies may use anonymous information such as your Google Advertising ID, your device type and version, location, in order to provide advertisements.
Push Notifications With your consent, we may send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide App-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
To help us improve our service we collect the following information on an anonymous basis: Operating System, Date & time, Latitude, Longitude, Accuracy (GPS), SSID (network), BSSID (network), Internal MAC address (network), Bundle ID, Device Model, Device Manufacturer, Carrier Code (Android only), Carrier Name, Sim Code, Country, and Locale.