
Privacy - Free - ai.type
AI.TYPE PRIVACY POLICY
Please read carefully the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy between you and ai.type (the ‘Privacy Policy’) before downloading, installing or using the Application or any accompanying documentation (collectively, the “Application”). This Privacy Policy also apply to any ai.type updates, supplements, skins, and support services for this Application, unless other terms accompany those items.
1. BY USING THE Application, YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS Privacy Policy. If you do not accept them, do not use the Application. If you comply with these Privacy Policy terms, you have the rights below.
1.1. User Consent. When you use ai.type Application you consent to the collection, usage and disclosure of your information as described below in the terms of this privacy policy. ai.type will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. Please check back periodically for the most updated version of the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Application after this Privacy Policy has been amended shall be deemed as your continued acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended.
1.2. Data Collection. ai.type Application may collect statistical information (such as Ad-ID, IP address, Location based IP, contacts list, text messages, SSAID, IMEI, USER-ID , list of Apps installed
,
behavioral information) to ensure proper operation, verify information, tailor the keyboard to your specific preferences and ensure information security. ai.type will NOT publish NOR disclose any of user’s private and confidential information, such private ID numbers, driver’s and other license numbers, non-public contacts, or any other information that is not publicly accessible.
1.3. Opting Out. Please note that you may opt not to participate in the above data collection by uninstalling the Application or unchecking the check box linked to the Privacy Policy at the end of the installation, thus disable any communication being send out to the cloud, on your own sole decision; however, this may interfere with your use of the keyboard or its services.
1.4. Use of Collected Information. User’s Information shall be used solely in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our Services, as described in this Privacy Policy, governing the use of the keyboard. ai.type may share some of this Information under an anonymous method with our business partners for business related needs statistically, providing such party undertakes to protect your privacy in accordance with these terms. Otherwise, ai.type will not disclose your  Information to any third party, unless:
1.4.1. ai.type is required to do so as part of any legal proceedings conducted between you and our extension.
1.4.2. ai.type is required to do so by court order.
1.4.3. In case the activity of the Application is transferred to a third party, providing such party undertakes to protect your privacy in accordance with these terms.
1.5. ai.type may also encrypt and/or aggregate your data with other users’ data in order to create statistics about the general use of the apps in your and your friends’ smart devices, which helps ai.type to develop new products and services. ai.type may also share this aggregated data with our business partners and third party advertisers.
1.6. Third Party Advertisements. ai.type Application may use third-party advertising companies in order to serve advertisements. Note that such use is subject to the privacy policy of said parties and is not subject to these terms (for example, regarding advertisements served by Google, see: http://www.google.com/privacy/ads).
2. End Users Content
2.1. End User Content shall be under the sole responsibility of the End User and anyone on its behalf, and ai.type shall not have any responsibility and/or liability with respect to End User Content, including to any obscene, threatening, defamatory, fraudulent, infringing, harassing, or otherwise offensive material or content included in End User Content. Nevertheless, ai.type preserves the full right to remove such content without prior notice. In addition, by creating and submitting user generated content to the ai.type “Theme Market”, the user waves his right for claiming any type of ownership for such creation or parts of it.
2.2. The End User represents and warrants to ai.type that: (a) the End User Content shall be original work of the End User in all respects; and (b) the End User Content and its use, as created by End User does not violate any copyright, proprietary and/or trade secret rights or any other rights of any third party.
2.3. ai.type, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to add additional features or functions, or to provide programming fixes, updates and upgrades, to the Application. ai.type has no obligation to make available to you any subsequent versions of the Application. You may have to enter into a renewed version of this Privacy Policy, in the event you want to download, install or use a new version of the Application.
2.4. ai.type obligates to have the capability for users to Encrypt Application communication with its servers, in a binary code that cannot be reversed engineered easily, and expose user text. End User May or may not, turn on and off this ability, in their sole decision.
3. If you agree to this Privacy Policy on behalf of another person or legal entity including, without limitation, another business, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that entity to this Privacy Policy and your agreement to this Privacy Policy will be treated as the agreement of the entity. In that event, “you” and “your” will refer and apply to that entity In addition, by accessing and using the Application you acknowledge and agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use policies contained hereof.
4. The Application serves, as a tool for enhancing your writing and formulating capabilities in keying plain text. ai.type exercises no control and does not guarantee any consequence, result or achievement deriving from usage of the Application and/or any feature thereof, and any and all data, tool and/or information provided through or embedded in the Application shall be construed solely as a non-binding recommendation made for your benefit. The final decision whether or not to use such recommendation shall be made by you. You are aware that some of the Application modules are based on statistical analysis, therefore the Application cannot guarantee any definitive results or consequences, but solely provide non-binding recommendations to you.
5. Scope of License.
5.1. Use of the Application is restricted to use by the specific licensing entity only, and only for your internal business or domestic purposes. You may not use the Application for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third parties or provide service bureau or other access or use of the Application to third parties.
5.2. You may install and use any number of copies of the Application on your devices, as long as you use a legal copy, registered with ai.type. The Application is licensed, not sold. This Privacy Policy only gives you some rights to use the Application. ai.type reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the Application only as expressly permitted in this Privacy Policy. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the Application that only allow you to use it in certain ways.
5.3. You may not transfer the Application or this Privacy Policy to any third party, or use the Application for commercial Application hosting services.
5.4. You may make one backup copy of the Application. You may use it only to reinstall the Application.
5.5. You may uninstall the Application and install it on another device for your use. You can share this license between devices, as long they are in your possession to use.
5.6. If you agree to this Privacy Policy , you agree that ai.type will include commercial publication of this Application and the company (Logo and name), to your written material , including but not limited to Emails and official documents created with the Application, by placing this “signature” as part of the written text in the document.
5.7. If you agree to this Privacy Policy, you are obligated to leave the “signature” as is in the document, and publish your document with it, if needed to be published.
5.8. If you agree to this Privacy Policy, you agree that ai.type will include commercial publication with this Application in various ways that does not intrude and will not interfere with the user flow.
6. Application Content.
6.1. ai.type provides an Application-as-a-service technology which allows you to enhance your writing skills and formulating capabilities in plain text, by automatically providing proposals and corrections for the possible completions of your text (the “Auto Completion Feature”).
6.2. The Auto Completion Feature relies on free text acquired with no copyrights involved. ai.type offers the Content to you as a recommendation to use only. The Content is derived from few resources, having different legal and commercial implications, as further detailed below:
6.2.1. Proprietary Database – a proprietary Database and lexical database of ai.type, independently developed by ai.type (the “Proprietary Content”).
6.2.2. Free text published in every available media with no copyrights limitations.
6.2.3. End Users Content – You and other end users of the Application (the “End User(s)”) are invited to add any suggestion by adding any terms to your local database included in the Content (the “End User Content”). (The End User Content and the database Content, as well as the translation tool or other tools provided with the Application, shall be collectively referred to as: “Third Party Applications”).
6.3. The Third Party Applications are generally not copyrighted by ai.type, and are under the responsibility of its respective creators. The use of such Third Party Application may be subject to further use restrictions as may be attached to it, and by using the Third Party Application you agree to be bound by such additional restrictions.
6.4. Proprietary Content – Without derogating, the Proprietary Content and any other materials provided by ai.type are provided “AS IS” and ai.type makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to the merchantability, fitness for a particular use or purpose, title, non-infringement thereof as further provided under Section 9 below. ai.type hereby disclaims any and all liability to you or any third party related thereto.
6.5. ai.type will not be held responsible for any misuse, or text written with the Application, or any malfunction that may have caused by using the Application, or any outcome of the Application, due to the use of the Application by the End user to the End user or to any Third Party involved.
7. Limitations.
7.1.  You may not, directly or indirectly, sub-license, assign, transfer, sell, rent, lend, lease or otherwise provide the Application (including without limitation any capacity) or any portion thereof, to any third party, and any attempt to do so is null and void.
7.2. You may not reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or make any attempt to ascertain, derive or obtain the source code for the Application. You may not combine the Application with any other Application or product.
7.3. Application shall not be used for any commercial purpose beyond the functionality driven by the Application. You will not use the Application to take any actions that (i) infringe on any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including those regarding export control); (iii) are defamatory, trade libelous, threatening, harassing, or obscene; or (iv) constitute unauthorized entry to any machine accessible via the network.
7.4. ai.type may, in its sole discretion and to the maximum extent permitted within your jurisdiction, modify or discontinue or suspend your ability to use any version of the Application, and/or disable any Application you may already have accessed or installed without any notice to you, for the repair, improvement, and/or upgrade of the underlying technology or for any other justifiable reason, including but not limited to, circumstances where you, at ai.type’s discretion, are in breach of the terms of this Privacy Policy, creating problems, possible legal liabilities, or engaging in fraudulent, immoral or illegal activities, or for other similar reasons.
8. Intellectual Property.
8.1. You agree that the Application is proprietary and that all right, title and interest in and to the Application (except for with respect to the Third Party Applications as detailed in Section 1&5 above), including all associated intellectual property rights, are and shall at all times remain with ai.type and its third party licensors.
8.2. The Application contains trade secret and proprietary information owned by ai.type or its third party licensors and is protected, inter alia, by pending patents applications and by copyright laws and international trade provisions. You must treat the Application like any other copyrighted material and you may not copy or distribute the Application electronically or otherwise, for any purpose. All techniques, algorithms and processes contained in the Application or any modification or extraction thereof constitute trade secrets and/or proprietary information of ai.type and will be protected by this Privacy Policy.
8.3. The ai.type logo, Application name, manuals, documentation and other support materials are either patented, copyrighted, trademarked or owned by ai.type as trade secrets and/or proprietary information.
8.4. All rights in the Third Party Applications, including all ownership rights are reserved and remain with such third parties. You agree that such third parties may enforce their rights against you directly in their own name. ai.type is not liable for your failure to comply with any applicable local, state, national and foreign laws, treaties and regulations or any contracts, rules, policies or procedures applicable to your use of any Third Party Applications.
9. Disclaimer of Warranty.   THE APPLICATION IS LICENSED “AS-IS.” YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT. AI.TYPE GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS. AI.TYPE DOES NOT AND CANNOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS OBTAINED BY YOU IN USING THE APPLICATION INCLUDING THE AUTO COMPLETION/SUGGESTION/PREDICTION FEATURE AND/OR ANY FEATURE EMBEDDED THEREIN, OR THAT THE APPLICATION WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE APPLICATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR BUGS FREE. EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES SET FORTH ABOVE, AI.TYPE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY (BY ANY TERRITORY OR JURISDICTION) TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, AND FURTHER EXPRESSLY EXCLUDES ANY WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR MERCHANTABILITY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
10. You shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless ai.type against any claims including costs and reasonable attorney’s fees that: (i) were submitted by any third party, in which ai.type is named as a result of the negligent or intentional acts or failure to act by the you, (ii) any End User Content infringes or violates any rights of third parties, including without limitation, rights of publicity, rights of privacy, intellectual property, trade secrets or licenses; or (iii) arising from or relating to your failure to comply with this Privacy Policy. Your indemnification obligation is contingent upon the ai.type providing you with prompt written notice of such claim, information, and all reasonable assistance in the defense of such action.
11. Limitation of Liability. ai.type SHALL UNDER NO MEANS BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY ACTION ARISING UNDER THIS PRIVACY POLICY REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION AND WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHER FORM OF LIABILITY,.INCLUDING, WITHOUT DEROGATING, FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, OPPORTUNITIES OR CONTRIBUTIONS, LOSS OF USE, GOOD WILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, COST OF COVER, OR OTHER PECUNIARY OR NON-PECUNIARY LOSS, HOWEVER ARISING, EVEN IF AI.TYPE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. AI.TYPE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY IN THE EVENT OF ANY LOSS OR INTERRUPTION IN APPLICATION ACCESS DUE TO CAUSES BEYOND ITS REASONABLE CONTROL OR FORESEEABILITY, SUCH AS LOSS, INTERRUPTION OR FAILURE OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS OR DIGITAL TRANSMISSIONS AND LINKS OR FAILURES. THE PARTIES AGREE TO THE ALLOCATION OF RISK SET FORTH HEREIN. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU ON SUCH CASE.
12. Support Services. ai.type may from time to time revise or update its Application. Such updates and revisions may be supplied separately, for free or for a fee according to ai.type’s then prevailing update prices, policies, terms and conditions. In case you encounter any problem with respect to the Application, you may notify ai.type at: support@aitype.com. ai.type is not obligated to make any Application revisions or to supply them to its users.
13. Term and Termination. Your license to use the Application under this Privacy Policy shall continue until it is terminated by either party. You may terminate this Privacy Policy at any time, by discontinuing use of all or any of the Application and by destroying all copies of the Application in your possession and control. This Privacy Policy and the license granted to you under this Privacy Policy terminate automatically if you breach any term of this Privacy Policy. Sections ‎8, ‎9, ‎10, ‎11, and ‎14 shall survive the termination of this Privacy Policy.
14. Applicable Law. This Privacy Policy shall be construed and enforced in accordance with laws of the state of Israel. Any disputes arising under or in connection with this Privacy Policy shall be exclusively presented in and determined by the courts of the state of Israel (to the exclusion of others) and shall be subject to Israeli Law (to the exclusion of others).
15. Legal Effect. ai.type reserves the right to modify and/or change any of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. If ai.type materially modifies this Privacy Policy it will post the updated Privacy Policy in its website. By continuing to use the Application after ai.type has posted a modification of this Privacy Policy, you agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If the modified Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Application.