We value the trust you place in us and recognize the importance of
          secure transactions and information privacy. This Privacy Policy
          describes how Trusource Technology Private Limited and its affiliates
          (collectively "Trusource, we, our, us") collect, use, share, or
          otherwise process your personal information through Rapidbox mobile
          application, and m-site (hereinafter referred to as the
          "Platform").
While you may be able to browse certain sections of the Platform
          without registering with us, however, please note we do not offer any
          product or service under this Platform outside India. Your personal
          information will primarily be stored and processed in India and may
          have data protection laws that are different from those that apply in
          the country in which you are located. By visiting this Platform,
          providing your information, or availing of our product/service, you
          expressly agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
          Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, and the applicable service/product
          terms and conditions, and agree to be governed by the laws of India
          including but not limited to the laws applicable to data protection
          and privacy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our
          Platform.
Collection of Your Information
When you use our Platform, we collect and store your information
            which is provided by you from time to time. In general, you can
            browse the Platform without telling us who you are or revealing any
            personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal
            information, you are not anonymous to us. Where possible, we
            indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional.
            You always have the option to not provide information by choosing
            not to use a particular service, product, or feature on the
            Platform.
We may track your buying behavior, preferences, and other
            information that you choose to provide on our Platform. We use this
            information to do internal research on our users' demographics,
            interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve our
            users. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated
            basis. This information may include the URL that you just came from
            (whether this URL is on our Platform or not), which URL you next go
            to (whether this URL is on our Platform or not), your computer
            browser information, and your IP address.
We may collect personal information (such as email address, delivery
            address, name, phone number, credit card/debit card, and other
            payment instrument details) from you when you set up an account or
            transact with us or participate in any event or contest. While you
            can browse some sections of our Platform without being a registered
            member, certain activities (such as placing an order or consuming
            our online content or services) do require registration. We use your
            contact information to send you offers based on your previous orders
            and your interests.
If you choose to post messages on our message boards, chat rooms, or
            other message areas or leave feedback on the Platform or the social
            media handles maintained by us or if you use voice commands or
            virtual try and buy or similar feature to shop on the Platform, we
            will collect that information you provide to us. We retain this
            information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer
            support, troubleshoot problems, or for internal research and
            analysis as permitted by law.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters,
            or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your
            activities or postings on the Platform, we may collect such
            information into a file specific to you.
If you enroll in our Rapidcoins Loyalty Program or similar programs
            offered by Rapidbox, we will collect and store your personal
            information such as name, contact number, email address,
            communication address, date of birth, gender, zip code, lifestyle
            information, demographic and work details which are provided by you
            to Rapidbox. We will also collect your information related to your
            transactions on the Rapidbox platform.
Cookies
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of
          the Platform to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional
          effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files
          placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services.
          Cookies do not contain any of your personal information. We offer
          certain features that are only available through the use of a
          "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less
          frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide
          information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are
          "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from
          your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to
          decline/delete our cookies if your browser permits, although in that
          case, you may not be able to use certain features on the Platform and
          you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a
          session. You can read more about how Google uses your personal
          information here:https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You
          can opt out of Google Analytics here:
          https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.You can also control the use
          of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to
          disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or
          functions on the services.
Sharing of personal information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties, such as
            business partners. This disclosure may be required for us to provide
            you access to our products and services; to fulfillment of your
            orders; for enhancing your experience; for providing feedback on
            products; collect payments from you; to comply with our legal
            obligations; to conduct market research or surveys; to enforce our
            Terms of Use; to facilitate our marketing and advertising
            activities; to analyze data; for customer service assistance; to
            prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraudulent or illegal
            activities related to our product and services. We do not disclose
            your personal information to third parties for their marketing and
            advertising purposes without your explicit consent.
We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or
            in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably
            necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal
            processes. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement
            agencies, third-party rights owners, or others in the good faith
            belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce our
            Terms of Use or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an
            advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a
            third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of
            our users or the general public.
We and our affiliates will share/sell some or all of your personal
            information with another business entity should we (or our assets)
            plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or
            re-organization, amalgamate, or restructure the business. Should
            such a transaction occur that other business entities (or the new
            combined entity) will be required to follow this Privacy Policy with
            respect to your personal information
Links to Other Sites
Our Platform may provide links to other websites or applications that
          may collect personal information about you. We are not responsible for
          the privacy practices or the content of those linked websites.
Security Precautions
We maintain reasonable physical, electronic and procedural
            safeguards to protect your information. Whenever you access your
            account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once your
            information is in our possession, we adhere to our security
            guidelines to protect it against unauthorized access. However, by
            using the Platform, the users accept the inherent security
            implications of data transmission over the internet and the World
            Wide Web which cannot always be guaranteed as completely secure, and
            therefore, there would always remain certain inherent risks
            regarding the use of the Platform. Users are responsible for
            ensuring the protection of login and password records for their
            accounts.
Use of our Platform is available only to persons who can form a
            legally binding contract under the Indian Contract Act, of 1872. We
            do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from
            children under the age of 18 years. If you have shared any personal
            information of children under the age of 18 years, you represent
            that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the
            information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Data Retention
We retain your personal information in accordance with applicable
          laws, for a period no longer than is required for the purpose for
          which it was collected or as required under any applicable law.
          However, we may retain data related to you if we believe it may be
          necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, to enable Rapidbox to
          exercise its legal rights, and/or defend against legal claims or if
          required by law or for other legitimate purposes. We may continue to
          retain your data in anonymized form for analytical and research
          purposes.
Your Rights
We take every reasonable step to ensure that the personal information
          that we process is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date, and
          any of your personal information that we process that you inform us of
          is inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which they are
          processed) is erased or rectified. You may access, correct, and update
          your personal information directly through the functionalities
          provided on the Platform. You may delete certain non-mandatory
          information by logging into our website and visiting Profile and
          Settings sections. You can also write to us at the contact information
          provided below to assist you with these requests.
Your Consent
By visiting our Platform or by providing your information, you
            consent to the collection, use, storage, disclosure, and otherwise
            processing of your information (including sensitive personal
            information) on the Platform in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
            If you disclose to us any personal information relating to other
            people, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to
            permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy
            Policy.
You, while providing your personal information over the Platform or
            any partner platforms or establishments, consent to us (including
            our other corporate entities, affiliates, lending partners,
            technology partners, marketing channels, business partners, and
            other third parties) to contact you through SMS, instant messaging
            apps, call and/or e-mail for the purposes specified in this Privacy
            Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please check our Privacy Policy periodically for changes. We may
          update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information
          practices. We will alert you to significant changes by posting the
          date our policy got last updated, placing a notice on our Platform, or
          sending you an email when we are required to do so by applicable law.
Contact US
Please contact us for any questions or comments by writing an email to
          us at support@rapidbox.in
Grievance officer
In accordance with the Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made
          there under the Consumer Protection (E-Commerce) Rules, 2020, the name
          and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Mr. Prem Kumar N
Designation: Customer Success Manager
Trusource Technology Private Limited
Fourth Floor, Site No 2614, 27th Main Road, Opp CPWD Complex, Sector
          1, HSR Layout, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560102
Contact us
Email: grievance.officer@rapidbox.in
Phone: 9606191281
Time: Mon - Sat (9:00 - 18:00)
Customer Support: You can reach our customer support team to address
          any of your through the email: support@rapidbox.in