Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Thunder App Studio
Your privacy is important to
thunder app studio
Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, this privacy statement applies to
thunder app studio
and its products. This Privacy Policy explains what kind of information we collect, use, share and the security of your information in relation to our mobile applications (“Applications” or “Apps”) and mobile services (“Services”). Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices
1. Personal Information
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you. "Personal Information" means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We collect your non-personal information when you are using our applications or visiting our website, including your device information, operation system, logs. For example, we may collect IMEI code when you try to reset password.
We may collect the information you provided to us. Please make sure that you will not send us or disclose any sensitive information such as information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, health information, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership of past organizations, including trade union memberships.
We will not sell, trade, or transfer your information to any third party. We will not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, such as combining your unique User Device number with your name. We may use your Information for the following purposes:
1.to provide our services to you;
2.to assure the safety of products and services we offer via using your information on identification-check, customer services, security, fraud-detection, archives and backups when we are providing you with our services;
3.to help us develop new services and improve our existing services;
4.to better understand how you access and use our services, for the purposes of improving and personalizing our services to better respond your desires and preferences, including language and location setting, personalized services, help and instructions, or other responses to you and other customers on other aspects of our services;
5.to evaluate the effect of advertisements and other marketing scheme we put in our services and improve it;
6.to verify software or administer software upgrades;
7.to allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services.
8.It may be necessary − by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence − for Star Developer to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
International Users Your Information collected by us may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities, and by using an Application, the Services or the Site you consent to the transfer of your Information to countries, including the United States, which may be outside of your country of residence and may provide for different and less stringent data protection rules than in your country. If you object to your Information being transferred or used as described in this Policy, please do not use any Application, the Services or the Site and immediately delete all Applications from your User Devices.
Children
We do not provide service focus on Children. If you are under 13, you may use our website when you are with a parent or guardian.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about
thunder app studio
Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us at
screenlockerbest@gmail.com
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse