wpswpaconnectwifi
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
wpswpaconnectwifi
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to your use of the WPS WPA2 Connect Wifi application.
FishAnn07 Production (“us” or “we”) has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you by
Ad-mob
-
Ad-sense
and
Facebook Audience Network
,  in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience.
Terms of Use
BY USING THIS APPLICATION YOU AGREE:
That you have full access and authorized to test a network and you are not try gain access to unauthorized network. This application is for only testing your own WiFi network and make it more secure.
THIS APPLICATION IS FOR EDUCATIONAL AND TESTING PURPOSES ONLY.
THE DEVELOPER OF THIS APPLICATION IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OF ANY BAD USAGE.
A. WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
a. Personal Information. We do
not
collect Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. It includes your names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and or the Site which identifies you or another person.
b. Non-personal identification. We may collect non-personal identification information about installed applications, application usage information and device information. The information you give us, for example, when you give us your opinions to our application and services via our email address, such as your email address, and names;
Also, we may collect non-personal identification information from
Advertisements
(
AdMob
-
AdSense
,
Firebase
,
Appodeal
and
Facebook Audience Network
)
[This app (WPS WPA2 Connect Wifi) use
AdMob - AdSense - Firebase, Appodeal
and
Facebook Audience Network
]
Google Privacy Policies
:
1)
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
(How Google uses data when you use our partners sites or apps)
2)
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
B. DEVICE PERMISSIONS FOR PERSONAL DATA ACCESS
NO DEVICE PERMISSIONS
.
C. HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
a. Personal Information- since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your personal information in any way.
b. Non- Personal Information. We may use Non-Personal Information only for serving you better as below:
1. To personalize user experience;
2. To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and develop our services;
3. We may collect your non-personal information and use them for market and promotion purpose, for example, we may promote or recommend more relevant apps to you.
D. HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED
a. Personal Information. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
b. Non-Personal Information. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
c. We may disclose your non-personal information for promotion purpose to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws.
E. USERS WITH WHOM YOU SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using an Application, the Services or the Site (including via Forums) or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.
F.SECURITY
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
G. SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
H. Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
I. CONTACTING US / REPORTING VIOLATIONS
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of an Application, the Services or the Site, please contact us at
fishann07production@gmail.com
J. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of this application. Your continued use of this application following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse