Xllusion - privacy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Xllusion
Home
privacy
Xllusion
Home
privacy
More
Home
privacy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Xllusion collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the
http://www.xllusion.net/
website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Xllusion including apps in the Google Play and Apple App Store.
Personal identification information
We may collect personally identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users use our apps, visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
We use device identifiers to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share such identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. See details:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
Cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Admob
Our Apps may contain 3rd party ads such as AdMob, is Google's mobile app advertising platform designed specifically for app developers. In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy.
Personal Data:
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Client identifiers
Unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example)
Usage Data. Retention: Google anonymizes the log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months)
Online resources:
Privacy Policy https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Opt out https://www.google.com/settings/ads
Service Information https://privacy.google.com/businesses/adsservices/
Partner policy https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Ad technology providers https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
How we use collected information
For a better experience, while using our Site, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Some of our apps use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the apps:
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Facebook
Unity
GameAnalytics
Data deletion requests
To delete user data collected by Xllusion, please reach out to info@xllusion.net.
If you also want to request the deletion of the data that may have been collected about you or your device by our third-party partners that are acting as independent data controllers, you will find below the contact for each partner and the link to the relevant section of their privacy policies:
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Facebook
Unity
GameAnalytics
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Xllusion has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
http://www.xllusion.net/
info@xllusion.net
This document was last updated on
August
01, 202
2
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse