Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Application.
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.We
        do not collect, store or use any personal information while you install or upgrade our products.
Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted from you by inquiries etc.: help us develop, deliver, and improve
        our products and services and supply higher quality service.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
Your prior permission;
By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
By requests from public and governmental authorities;
To protect our legal rights and interests.
Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your phone model, phone operator, location, install, uninstall, frequency of use, etc.
We may collect and use non-personal
        information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user's behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products and services, and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as the
        data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
        While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 2018/01/07 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update
        or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically.
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change the Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. Your continued use of this
        application after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
By sending email to us, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
inquiry+beautycamera@glopa.jp