MVLTR Apps Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how and why we collect, use, and share information about our website visitors. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more information, please read our cookie policy.
We value your privacy and will take all necessary steps to protect it. This includes protecting the information we collect from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
We also have a policy against collecting personal information from children under the age of thirteen years old without parental consent. If you are thirteen years old or younger, please do not provide us with any personal information
PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Personal data is information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person. This data can include personal identifiers, such as names, addresses, and phone numbers.
In order to protect your privacy, we do not collect personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our website. However, when you create a user account on our website or send an error report, we collect certain personal information. This information may include your name, email address, and contact information. We may use this personal information to improve our website. We also use this personal information to email you surveys and other activities that we think might be of interest to you. By providing us this information, you are consenting to our collection and use of this information. If at any time you would like us to stop using your personal information for these purposes, please
contact us
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Non-personal information is non-identifiable data collected from users such as their Android ID, CPN model, memory size, your phone IMEI number, phone model, rom, phone operator, location, install, uninstall, frequency of use, etc.
1. We may collect and use non-personal information to improve our products and services.
2. We may collect and use non-personal information to better understand how our customers use our products and services.
3. We may collect and use non-personal information to personalize the user experience on our websites or mobile applications.
4. We may collect and use non-personal information to communicate with the customer in a more personal manner.
5. We may collect and use non-personal information to track the behavior of our customers in order to improve their experience with us.
6. We may combine non-personal information with personal information that we have collected from the customer before in order to create a more complete picture of the customer’s interests and behavior.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:
The privacy of both personal and non-personal information is important to us. We will not sell, trade, or rent your non-personal information to any third party. We will use your non-personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected.
We will contact you if we decide to change our privacy policy in the future. Please let us know if there is anything you don't understand about our policies or if there is anything that needs to be changed.