Privacy Policy | Carb Manager
Carb Manager
Menu
Features
Submenu
Macros Tracker
With the best macro tracking app for the Keto diet, never be left wondering if you're “doing Keto right”.
Food Tracker
Keeping a food diary has never been easier. Scan, snap, and even speak to track and customize.
Meal Planner
Make life simple with our weekly meal planning tools based on your macro targets.
Recipe Database
Get instant access to 5,000+ low-carb and Keto diet recipes crafted by our test kitchen chefs and members.
Keto Academy
In Carb Manager’s Keto Academy you’ll learn to cook Keto and get all our best tips for low-carb health.
Community
Join the most active Keto forum online for support, motivation, and accountability.
Exercise Portal
Learn how to make the most of your Keto diet and exercise routine with our exercise tracker.
Advanced Insights
Our advanced features take your health to the next level with insulin and glucose tracking and more.
Health Integrations
Connect Carb Manager with your favorite health, fitness, or lifestyle tracking device.
Premium
Recipes
Articles
Submenu
What is The Keto Diet
Ultimate Guide to the Keto Diet
How to Track Macros on Keto
Keto Macros: Adjusting Carbs, Protein, and Fat to Fit Your Goals
What to Eat on the Keto Diet
The Ultimate Guide to the Keto Food Pyramid
10 Keto Meal Planning Tips (+ Sample 7 Day Keto Meal Plan)
Kick-Start your Day the Right Way: Best Keto Breakfast Foods
Keto For Weight Loss
Keto for Weight Loss: Does it Really Work?
7 Ways To Break Through Keto Weight Loss Plateaus
Fat Loss VS. Weight Loss: How to Lose Fat Sustainably
Keto & Your Health
Can Type 2 Diabetes Be Reversed with Keto?
Keto and Metabolic Health
12 Keto Superfoods to Boost Your Immune System
Keto & Exercise
Keto Exercise Part 1: How To Exercise While You Keto-Adapt
Keto Exercise Part 2: Building Strength On Keto
Keto Exercise Part 3: Endurance Training On Keto
Troubleshoot Your Keto Diet
Supercharge Your Results with the Carb Manager Community
How to Crush the Carb Manager Challenge: Tips, Tricks, and Hacks
Tracking Macros With Carb Manager (And Top 7 Macro Tracking Mistakes)
Featured Article
View more
Keto Beginners Series
The Carb Manager 30 Day Challenge: Everything You Need to Know
SaVanna Shoemaker, MS, RDN, LD
2 months ago
Giveaway 🎉
Support
Log In
Join For Free
Privacy Policy
Updated 21 Jun 2021
Privacy Policy
At Carb Manager, we understand the importance of privacy, and it is our policy to respect your privacy in all interactions. This Privacy Policy describes how Wombat Apps LLC and its product Carb Manager (taken together, "Carb Manager”, “Service”, “we”, “us”, “our”, “ours”) collects, uses, and discloses information, and your choices with respect to that information.
Wombat Apps LLC is headquartered in Washington State in the United States. If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), Wombat Apps LLC is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of EU data protection laws.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Carb Manager mobile applications, the website at carbmanager.com, and any other interaction you may have with Carb Manager. This Privacy Policy does not apply to to any third party applications or software that integrate with Carb Manager.
The Information We Collect and Receive
We collect only the information relevant to providing you with a Service, and use your information only to ensure the fulfillment of this Service. You are free to refuse our request for your information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired Services without this information. When you use Carb Manager, we collect the following types of information.
Personal Information
We collect some personal information, which can be used to identify you as a person, to provide you with the Carb Manager Service. This information may include but is not limited to, your email address, your mobile device unique device ID, name, IP address, and profile image.
User Information
In addition to the above personal information, in order to improve your experience and enable additional features of Carb Manager, you may choose to provide us with user information. The information includes, but is not limited to: nutrition and fitness goals, food logs, exercise logs, and notes. Other types of user information include communication with our customer support agents via the support center; messages posted to our discussion board; and information shared directly with other users who are added as friends.
Health Information
We may collect certain health information subject to GDPR protections of sensitive information in the course of providing you a Service. Carb Manager's legal basis for collecting this information is the explicit consent granted when creating a Carb Manager account, which can be revoked at any time by deleting your account or contacting us.
Payment Card Information
If you purchase a subscription on our website, we collect payment card information in order to process the transaction, including your payment card number, expiration date, billing zip code, and CVV number. This payment information, excluding the CVV number, is stored in an encrypted format by our third-party payment processor, FastSpring (www.fastspring.com).
Usage Information
Like many websites and applications, we collection general usage data in order to analyze trends and monitor performance. This information includes, but is not limited to, browser type and operating system, pages that you visited, time spent on the Service, IP address, crash reports, cookie information and pages that referred you to us.
Cookies
We use "cookies" to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit so we can understand how you use our site and serve you content based on preferences you have specified.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired Service without them. This policy covers only the use of cookies between your computer and our website.
Third-Party Fitness & Health Device Information
If you consent to receive fitness and health information from a third-party platform (such as Fitbit, Garmin, or Apple Health), we will receive information that you have authorized on each synchronization with that platform. This information may include exercise minutes, calories expended, steps taken in a day, body weight, and other metrics.
How We Use This Information
To provide, update, maintain and protect our Service
To improve our Service, including researching and developing new features and products
To personalize the Service to better meet your needs
To communicate with you by responding to your requests, comments, and questions. If you contact us, we may use your information to respond.
To send emails and other communications regarding our Service, including marketing, technical, and administrative messages. You can opt-out of marketing emails at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" in the email footer.
To analyze performance and trends of our Service
For billing, account management, and other administrative matters
To investigate and help prevent security issues and abuse
Carb Manager may use non-personal information for any business purpose consistent with this Privacy Policy, provided that that information is aggregated and/or modified so as not to enable the identification of any user.
For personal data of individuals in Switzerland, UK, and the EEA that is subject to GDPR protections, we rely on several legal bases to process the data. These include:
Consent:
For certain types of data, such as health information subject to GDPR protections for sensitive personal data, we request consent prior to collecting and processing those data. Consent may be withdrawn at any time by deleting your account or contacting us at
privacy@carbmanager.com
.
Performance of a contract:
When processing of data is necessary to perform a contract with you, like the Terms of Service, we apply this as our legal basis for processing.
Legitimate business interests:
When we have a legitimate business interest in processing certain data, such as to improve, personalize, and develop the Service, market new features, and promote safety and security, that is our legal basis for processing.
How We Share And Disclose Information
Carb Manager treats your information as confidential. We do not sell information to any third parties.
We do not share your information except in these limited circumstances:
When You Instruct Us To Share
For example, if you add a friend on Carb Manager, we will then share information with that friend. We will share information with third-party fitness and health platforms only if you consent to this sharing. If you post information to a community forum, that information will then be shared publicly.
For External Processing
We may transfer information to service providers and other partners who process it for us, based on our instructions, and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. These partners provide us with services globally, including for customer support, information technology, payments, sales, data analysis, research, and surveys.
For Legal Reasons Or To Prevent Harm
We may preserve or disclose information about you to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to assert legal rights or defend against legal claims; or to prevent, detect, or investigate illegal activity, fraud, abuse, violations of our terms, or threats to the security of the Service or the physical safety of any person.
As Part Of A Business Transfer
Carb Manager does not sell information to any third parties. If we or our assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, we would include Carb Manager users' information among our assets transferred to or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any parties who acquire us may continue to use your information according to this Privacy Policy.
Information for Individuals in Switzerland, UK and the EEA
When you create a Carb Manager account and submit health information to Carb Manager, you consent to allow Carb Manager to process your health information for the purposes of providing and improving the Carb Manager Service. You may revoke your consent at any time per the instructions below.
We provide tools to access, modify, and delete your data as an integral part of our Service and in the application settings, available regardless of where you live. If you live in Switzerland, the UK, or the EEA, you have certain additional legal rights pertaining to your data.
Accessing and Porting
You have a right to access a full record of all data that we control that pertains to you. This data will be delivered in an electronic format in such a manner that complies with applicable laws.
Rectify, Restrict, Limit, Delete
You have the right to rectify, restrict, limit, or delete some or all of your information. We will comply with your request in a reasonable time frame and in a manner that complies with applicable law, subject to any superseding legal requirements, such as data retention.
Object
Where we process your information based on our legitimate interests explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
Revoke Consent
Where you have previously provided your consent, such as to permit us to process health-related data about you, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent by deleting your account or contacting us.
Complain
If you live in the EU and wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority.
Information for California Residents
If you are a resident of the State of California, you have certain additional legal rights afforded by the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). California residents have the right to request information on the categories and specific pieces of personal information collected and how this personal information is used and shared. California residents also have the right to request deletion of their personal information, to receive equal service regardless of the exercising of their rights, and to be able to opt out of the sale of their personal information.
Carb Manager does not sell personal information, and will not in the future without providing the ability to opt out.
California residents may make a rights request by contacting
privacy@carbmanager.com
. We will request information to verify your identity prior to fulfilling your request.
Receive Equal Service
You have the right to equal service, regardless of whether or not you exercise any of these rights. We do not in any way discriminate against users who exercise their rights.
Data Retention Policy
We retain information as long as it is necessary to provide the Service to you and others, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. Information associated with your account will generally be kept until it is no longer necessary to provide the Services or until you ask us to delete it or your account is deleted. For example, where you withdraw your consent to processing your health-related information, we will delete all health-related information you uploaded. Following your deletion of your account, it may take up to 30 days to fully delete your information and system logs from our systems. Additionally, we may retain information from deleted accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the Terms of Service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our Services may be de-identified and aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights, such as statistics of the use of the Services. This information will be de-associated with your name and other identifiers.
Data Transfers
Carb Manager is operated from the United States, with servers located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and choose to use the Services or provide information to us, you acknowledge and understand that your information will be transferred, processed and stored in the United States, as it is necessary to provide the Services and perform the Terms of Service. United States privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
Apple HealthKit Notice
Carb Manager will not use or disclose to third parties user data gathered from the Apple, Inc. HealthKit framework or HealthKit API for advertising or other use-based data mining purposes other than improving health, or for the purpose of health research. In no event will any information be collected from HealthKit users for use by third parties in compliance with this section without obtaining user consent.
Information Security
We take security seriously, and do what we can within commercially acceptable means to protect your information from loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.
Protection of Children's Privacy
Carb Manager does not knowingly collect any information from children. If you are under 18, you are not permitted to use Carb Manager. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), Carb Manager is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 18 (COPPA's minimum protections are for minors 13 years of age or under).
If you are a parent with concerns about children's privacy issues in conjunction with the use of this website, please contact us at
privacy@wombatapps.com
.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot assume responsibility for their treatment of your information. This Privacy Policy only covers our website and privacy practices.
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  However, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
At our discretion, we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will provide a prominent notice for any material changes to this Privacy Policy.
Please contact us at any time at
privacy@wombatapps.com
or at our mailing address below if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
Wombat Apps LLC
c/o Privacy Officer
8201 164th Ave NE, Suite 200
Redmond, WA 98052
United States of America
Our representative in the EU:
Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
Attorneys at Law
c/o Wombat Apps LLC
Schellinggasse 3/10, 1010 Vienna, Austria
Modified: December 31 2020
Carb Manager
Features
Premium
Keto Recipes
Keto Cookbook
Articles
About Us
Foods
Support
Log In
Join For Free
Gift Cards
Support Center
Forums
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact
System Status
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
YouTube
© 2010-2023 Wombat Apps LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Carb Manager's content is for informational and educational purposes only. Our website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment.
Scroll Back to Top