Faster Cleaner Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Faster Cleaner Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how Faster Cleaner( or “we”, “us”, “our”) collect your information through our Faster Cleaner Service. This Privacy Policy is subject to any service agreement between Faster Cleaner and you. By using Faster Cleaner Service or this Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy. Please review this Privacy Policy before using Faster Cleaner Service or this Site.
We evaluate our privacy policies and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy we will notify you by means of a prominent notice on Faster Cleaner prior to the change becoming effective.
1.Introduction
This Privacy Policy of Faster Cleaner applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using Faster Cleaner Service or the Site.
2. What Information We May Collect
A.Information your directly and voluntarily provide to us
We may collect information that you provide to us. The information includes but is not limited to: your email address, the content of feedback, and the content of questionnaire answered by you.
B.Information automatically collected when you use our Service
We will collect information including, but not limited to: 【your mobile device’s brand, model, operating system, resolution, screen size, system version, Bluetooth settings, internet connection, RAM, history, the apps you have installed, the apps you have running in the background, mobile device’s Android Advertising ID, along with your account activation time, content displayed to you and whether you clicked on it, advertisements displayed to you and whether you clicked on them, URLs you have visited, notifications that have appeared on your mobile device, your IP address, your mobile country code, and your identity. We will also request access to your photos, media and files, your device’s camera and microphone, your Wi-Fi connection information and your device ID and call information】.
C.Information collected by our Third Party Advertising Partners.
We work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you.
Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device' settings), device language, operating system, time zones, and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device.
D.Information collected by Third Parties Analytics Services
We may work with third party analytics services to help us provide you with better service. Information might be analyzed such as how often you use the application and the events that occur within the application. We collect this type of analysis information and use it in conjunction with the analytical information collected from other users so that such information can not be used to identify any specific individual user.
If you give us personal information of somebody else, we will assume that you have their permission to do so. Transmissions to and from Faster Cleaner or the Site may not be confidential and consequently, may be read or intercepted by others.
3.How We May Use Collected Information
A. To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
B.To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
C.To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
D.To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
E.To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
F.To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, usage tips, website news and/or other requests, promotions. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they must delete their account in settings page under profile.
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to our business partners, including advertisers, publishers, and data tracking companies. These business partners may use your personal information to show you advertisements, measure your ad/site interaction, and better understand the site and app traffic usage or user behaviour in order to improve their services. Such partners’ use of the information that we disclose to them will be governed by their privacy policies.
We may disclose your personal information to our trusted agents and service providers so that they can perform requested services on our behalf. For example, we may share payment information with a third party service provider in order to assist us with processing credit card payments. These entities are prohibited from using User’s information for any purposes other than providing us with requested services. We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
Our affiliates may also have access to your personal information collected through Faster Cleaner for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
We may share your personal information as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganisation or otherwise.
5. Permissions Used by Faster Cleaner
1). Find accounts on the device
Faster Cleaner does not recognize or save users' account information for any programs. We use this permission to read email when you send feedback to us so that we can contact you when problem solved.
2). Add or remove accounts
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to update the database of the Junk Cleaner. We will never remove your personal accounts.
3). Read phone status and identity
This permission allows Faster Cleaner identify call status for the Call Blocker feature. Phone status and identity are not read for any other purposes.
4). Read the contents of your USB storage
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to scan virus stored on your SD card
5). Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to delete virus stored on your SD card.
6). Control vibration
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to make the phone vibrate once after users set the device on vibrate, confirming the setting has been turned on.
7). Retrieve running apps
This permission is used in Boost in order to view the running apps.
8). Install shortcuts
This permission is used to install shortcuts on launchers.
9). Full network access & Receive data from Internet
This permission is used to provide security advisories, information and product updates.
10).View network connections
This permission is used in Faster Cleaner updating virus database.
11).View Wi-Fi connections
This permission is used in Faster Cleaner updating virus database.
12). Prevent phone from sleeping
The only purpose using this permission is to prevent the phone from going to sleep when you are playing videos in fullscreen mode, we don't do it otherwise.
13). Run at startup
Faster Cleaner runs as startup to provide users with security services.
14). Toggle sync on and off
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to synchronize with users’ sync settings.
15). Read sync settings
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to recognize whether sync settings are turned on or off.
16).Draw over other apps
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to draw on top of other applications or parts of the user interface.
17).Close other appsThis permission allows Faster Cleaner to stop other apps and boost your phone.18).Expand/collapse status barThis permission allows Faster Cleaner to expand or collapse status bar on some specific pages for better user interface.
18).Measure app storage space
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to detect apps’ cache and junk files.
19).Read contacts
Faster Cleaner does not recognize or save users' contacts information for any programs. The only purpose using this permission is to display details of the calls to users for the Call Blocker feature. We will never upload any users’ contacts information.
20).Take pictures and videosThis permission allows Faster Cleaner to take photos of intruders snooping on your privacy apps.
21).Directly call phone numbers & Reroute outgoing callsThis permission allows Faster Cleaner to inform you when receiving phone calls. This won’t result in unexpected fees and calls. Faster Cleaner won’t upload your privacy information.23).Disable your screen lock
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to help you skip the slide-to-unlock step. This won’t result in the password failure.
22).Delete all app cache dataThis permission allows Faster Cleaner to clean the applications’ cache data and save more phone space.25).Read your web bookmarks and history & Write web bookmarks and history
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to detect phone for history. Users can choose whether to clean history. The only purpose using this permission is to prevent others from snooping on your web history. Faster Cleaner won’t upload your privacy information.
23).Notification Access
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to block junk notifications. We will never collect or upload your privacy information.27).Accessibility Access
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to delete hidden cache junk as android version of your device is above 6.0.28).Usage Access
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to monitor the app you just opened and display the password page if you have enabled AppLock. The only purpose using this permission is to protect your privacy.29).Directly call phone numbersThis permission allows Faster Cleaner block the calls in your blacklist(Call Blocker). We don’t do it otherwise. This won’t result in unexpected fees.
24).Write diagnostic informationThis permission allows Faster Cleaner to unlock AppLock with fingerprint on Samsung devices.
25).Use fingerprint hardware
This permission allows Faster Cleaner to unlock AppLock with fingerprint for the devices using Android Version 6.0+.
6. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of your information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for Faster Cleaner Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for your information. We strictly prohibit any user unreasonably using the privacy of others obtained during the use of the software.
7. Links to Third-Party Websites and Services
The Service may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements. We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in Faster Cleaner Service does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information. Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service.
8. Children’s Privacy
Faster Cleaner Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
9.Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent.
10. Marketing
We may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
11.Survey Serving Technology
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID which will may be processed by Pollfish only in strict compliance with google play policies- and/or other device data) and response meta-data is automatically sent to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully Pollfish respondent terms located at https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sents such questionnaires to eligible users. By downloading the application you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish website . We once more invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.
APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.
12.Language
The controlling language of this Privacy Policy is English,any provided translation of this Privacy Policy is for purposes of convenience only and the English version shall govern to the extent of any inconsistency.
13.Contact Us
If you have any question or comment about this Policy, please contact FasterCleanerteam@outlook.com.
Please be sure to include your personal name (and the full company name, if you are inquiring on behalf of such company), address and email address in any correspondence to us so that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse