We collect the minimum information required to achieve the
purposes set out in this Policy (see below), and you have the ability to limit
such collection, as specified below:
(a) Registration and Account Information (e.g., name, birth date, age, phone number
and):
Your name and photo (if you choose to provide them) will be your
avatar
. We may suggest
you as a possible contact to people we believe you may know (without revealing
your phone number), unless you turn off this option.
Your phone number might be uploaded to
https://apivtp.vietteltelecom.vn
,
it’s a My
Viettel domain. That means your phone number is neither published nor disclosed
for any other purpose without your consent.
(b) Device and Location Information: We collect additional information when you
access our App through a certain device (e.g. your mobile device’s unique
identifier; your session’s IP address; information
about your device’s operating system; your wireless network). We may also collect
your WPS location data – you can choose whether to allow this by changing your
geolocation tracking settings. (c) When you install the My Viettel App
,
you’ll also be
asked to allow us access to your mobile device’s address book, or once you use
some functions in app and give us permissions, a copy of the phone numbers and
names of all your contact will be collected and stored on our servers, mainly
in order for us to be able to help you save the contacts to your new smartphone
or to only display the contact list for your reference. That means your
contacts is neither published nor disclosed for any other purpose without your
consent.
Disclosure:
Your data is kept safe with us, but we do share your personal information with
third parties we trust in order to provide you with our services, as follows:
(a) Advertising partners: to enable the limited advertisements on our service,
we may share a unique advertising identifier that is not attributable to you,
with our third party advertising partners, and advertising service providers,
along with certain technical data about you (your language preference, country,
city, age, and device data), based on our legitimate interest. This includes
partners managing our advertising placements and also advertisers themselves
and their agencies or third parties managing their advertising demands. Your
unique advertising identifier is created by your mobile device’s operating
system and you can change it or choose not to share it at any time.
(b) App Providers and Other Third-Parties (such as third-party app analytics
providers and marketing service tool): We may disclose your information to
service providers and other third-parties under contract who help with
providing you and others our Services on our behalf or other services provided
by third-parties via our Services (such as, but not limited to, retention,
crash logs, product interaction). They are required to secure the data they
receive and to use the data for pre-agreed purposes only.
Updates to this Policy
From time to time, as our services evolve, we may update this Policy. You agree
that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal
information by placing a notice on the App. Please check the App frequently for
updates.
Contact Us
If you still have questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to
contact us on 198 (free) or send us an email to cskh@viettel.com.vn, or using
the contact us form on the App.