Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Version: 3.1
Last Modified: 18 August 2020
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited ("Meitu", "we", "us" or "our") is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") is meant to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store, use, manage and protect your user information (including your personal information) as a controller and/or business under applicable data protection laws during your use of Meipai application including all its features (the "Services").
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user information (including your personal information) collected or received by Meitu when you are using the Services. In this Policy, "personal information" refers to any information or combination of information that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom the collected information pertains. Such personal information may include your name, gender, phone number, email address, date of birth, images, geo-location, personal identity number, identifiable biological information, and financial information (such as credit card or bank account number, WeChat Pay or Alipay account information).
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories of data (as specified at the time of collection). In the event that you do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be able to complete the registration process or provide you with our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related matters, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meipai” in your email title) or via registered mail at Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve the Services, Meitu will collect and process your personal information and user information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be unable to provide you with our products or Services. You should ensure that all personal information and user information submitted to us is complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may result in our inability to provide you with all or some of the Services.
The Information You Provide to Us
When you use the Services, we might recommend you sign up for an Account to take full advantage of the Services and all their features. When you create an Account, we will collect certain information that can be used to identify you or provide the Services to you, such as your user name, gender, date of birth and mobile phone number and location (collectively, “
Registration Data
”).
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect information about your device, including its International Mobile Equipment Identity ("
IMEI
"), Unique Device Identifier (“
UDID
”) or Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“
GUUID
”), Identifier for Advertising ("
IDFA
") and Identifier for Vendor ("
IDFV
"), Integrated Circuit Card Identifier ("
ICCID
"), Media Access Control ("
MAC
") address, the type of device you use, operating system version, a list of mobile applications installed on your device and resolution, which will be used by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons, including without limitation to improve our technical functionality, server load-balancing, analysis of technical data relating to your mobile device so as to optimize the Services and graphics adaptation.
We may send you push notifications on your mobile device from time to time. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off from your mobile device.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services. Such software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use the Services, we will collect information about the network you use, including the name of the operator and the type of network, so as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the location of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under which you prefer to use our Services. We may use such information to provide customized services, for example to provide you with location-based advertising through push-notification.
Location Information
We will collect your Location Information, including the country code, latitude and longitude, network location, IP address and the system country and system time zone recorded on your device. This information will help us understand user distribution and usage scenarios and allow us to provide users with the correct version of our apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the real-time geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos, send relevant advertisements to you, and improve the Services. Unless we obtain your consent, location data WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as otherwise provided in this Policy, we will not share this Location Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to allow us to collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access or GPS, or disable our access to information about your network, GPS and device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some Location Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system time zone, as a result of you using the Services.
Log Information
When you use some of the Services, including generating and browsing certain content, we will automatically collect certain relevant log information stored in Meipai ("
Log Information
"). Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use the Services, (ii) device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone. This Log Information is used to improve the Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our service, you understand and agree that we must upload your photos to our server for processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of providing such service to you and continuous optimization and that we will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF data may contain GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information about the front and rear cameras and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of further optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo effects to your equipment.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age, race of the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial intelligence. When you use the Services, we will use photo metadata to provide you with certain features including precise "Facial Recognition", "Key-Points Recognition", "Region Segmentation", "Content Tags" and other custom features based on a combination of these basic features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more contextually relevant products or services to you.
Face Recognition
In order to provide the Services, apart from utilizing metadata as mentioned above, we use face recognition technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may detect and use facial marks to provide face recognition contents and facial manipulation features. Our Services may utilize calculation results of ARKit from Apple in relation to depth of facial mapping information, which may require to use your facial recognition features in order to ensure the face image processing effect and perform feature analysis using the algorithm. The information we collect cannot be used for identifying a specific person, and is used to provide the mentioned features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the application, the facial mapping information is discarded. These information is not shared with any third parties.
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data in the file nor upload data to the server for recording purposes.
Forum
You should be aware that ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE IN A FORUM WILL BE MADE PUBLIC and may be read, collected, copied, distributed and used by others who access the forums, and may result in unsolicited messages from third parties and further distribution of such content or information. The activities of the third parties who collect your information from such publicly accessible forums are beyond Meitu’s control. As such, you should not post sensitive personal information or any other information that you do not want to be made public. You can remove your personal information from these forums by yourself or by contacting us at compliance@meitu.com (
please quote “Meipai” in your email title
). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information from the forums, in which case, we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. However, please be aware that if a third party has collected or otherwise saved the information you have made public, Meitu will not be able to assist you in removing or deleting that information from wherever the third party has stored or posted it.
Cookies
When you are using the Services, Meitu or a third party designated by Meitu will use cookies, tags and scripts to collect information for the purposes of analyzing trends, managing the Services, tracking users activity on the Meipai and collecting demographics on the user base. Information collected may include information about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps, and clickstream data.
Advertising
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements within our Services, and may collect and use information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location and IP address for the purpose of delivering and tracking these advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may use other persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and collect the application package names of the applications installed on your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track and provide advertisements based on language, geographic location and other details. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, you may opt out as your device permits. For more information, please contact us at compliance@meitu.com (
please quote “Meipai” in your email title
). Please note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) or Software Development Kits (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect and analyze user information. In addition, some third-party SDKs may allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content that is more relevant to you. Third parties may access your information such as your device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address under their respective privacy policies. If you want to know more about such third parties, you may send an email to compliance@meitu.com (
please quote “Meipai” in your email title
).
User Data Supplementation
We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products, services, and advertising that may be of interest to you. If you provide us with personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. Examples of the types of personal information that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include: Purchased marketing data about our customers from third parties that is combined with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products.
If you provide us any personal information of any third party, you shall obtain the consent of such third party for the collection, use and disclosure thereof by Meitu in accordance with these purposes. You further represent and warrant that in relation to any such third party personal information that you provide, you have obtained such consent for such collection, use and disclosure by Meitu.
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your identity. For example, we may collect information on the type and version number of your operating system to better understand system upgrades, we may collect information on your system language for the purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App list to understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information, we will do so for the purpose of improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user information and personal information for the following purposes:
(i)
Services
. To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services provided through our products.
(ii)
Statistical analysis
. To develop and analyze statistics on the use of our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products and our Services.
(iii)
To create an Account
. The personal information that we collect when you use or Services to create an Account will be used by us to create your Account and profile.
(iv)
To facilitate your use of forums
. Your information may be used when we display your profile, when you interact with other users and when you publish forum posts.
(v)
To provide location-based services
. When you use our Services, we or third-party service providers may take advantage of your location information to provide you with advertising, the correct version of our Services and help you gain good user experience.
(vi)
To improve user experience
. Certain optional features such as user experience programs allow Meitu to analyze data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience.
(vii)
To provide push services
. Device information may be used by us to provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or provide notifications on new product releases.
(viii)
To verify your identity
. Verifying your identity using a text message when you log in to your account helps prevent unauthorized logins to your account.
(ix)
To collect feedback from you
. Your feedback is of great value in helping Meitu improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, Meitu may use the personal information provided by you to contact you and retain the records.
(x)
Other purposes
. We will collect, store, maintain and use information about you for purposes under the “The Information We Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our legitimate interests (e.g., direct marketing, research (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities. These services may include:
(i) Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
(ii) Providing you with advertising;
(iii) Payment processing;
(iv) Providing customer services;
(v) Sending marketing communications;
(vi) Fulfilling subscription services;
(vii) Conducting research and analysis;
(viii) Providing cloud computing infrastructure.
We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our service providers) your personal information in whole or in part except for the purposes of:
(i) protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii) preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of Meitu;
(iv) taking action in line with our purposes as described in the "The Information We Collect" or the “How We Use Information” sections;
(v) complying with laws and regulations or requests by government departments, judicial authorities, law enforcement, or private parties, which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights, property and safety of us, our users and third parties;
(vi) evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where your information may be sold or transferred.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICESn
The Services may contain links to other websites and services. In addition, other websites and services may reference or link to our Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and Meitu does not endorse or make any representations about third party websites or services. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these other websites or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of, unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in the Internet industry) even though we take reasonable security measures, we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You understand and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the system and communication network used by you to access our Services may fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update and correct your personal information or other personal information provided to us by you when using our Services. Before you access, update, correct or remove such personal information, we may verify your identity in order to protect the security of your account.
DATA RETENTION
Subject to applicable laws and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will retain your information (including your personal information) for such period as is required for us to continue to provide you with our Services.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); (iv) object to or restrict our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email to compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meipai” in your email title) or mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal information thereafter, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of our Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal information to us, including your name, address, phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any information about children under 16, you may send an email to compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meipai” in your email title) or send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected personal information from children under 16 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the associated account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by Meitu may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, Singapore, China, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates, or the servers of our service providers, in order to provide the Services.
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information we have collected about them:
Category of Personal Information
Collected by us?
Identifiers
Yes
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
No
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
No
Commercial information
No
Biometric information
No
Internet activity or electronic network activity information
Yes
Geolocation data
Yes
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Yes
Professional or employment-related information
No
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))
No
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile
Yes
The California Consumer Privacy Act also provides California residents with the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, a “sale” is broadly defined as making available personal information to a third-party for valuable consideration. It does not necessarily mean money was exchanged for the transfer of personal information.
For purposes of the CCPA, a “sale” may include using targeted advertising services to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other sites. Like most mobile applications, we use these services, which enable us to provide the Services and relevant offers to you. As a result, Meitu may “sell” the following categories of personal information: identifiers (e.g., advertising IDs); internet activity; geolocation data; and inferences drawn to create a profile.
California residents may opt-out of the “sale” of their personal information by turning off the switch next to “Do not sell my personal information”.
If you are a resident of California, every year we will provide you free of charge with an opportunity to obtain a list of third parties to which we have disclosed or with whom we have shared your personal information for their direct marketing purposes during the previous year. If you are a resident of California and wish to obtain this list, you may send an email with the subject "Meipai - The right to privacy of a California resident" to compliance@meitu.com or send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and interpreted under the laws of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes arising hereunder will also be resolved in accordance with the Terms of Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret this Policy in accordance with such law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and regulations or based on Meitu’s business decisions, and you agree to be bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes to this Policy on Meipai or notify you by other means as required by law.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use.
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request the disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use of your personal data, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue delay. You may send your request by email to compliance@meitu.com (please quote “Meipai” in your email title) or by mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (Attention: Legal Department, Meitu).