Privacy Policy - YoCutie
Home
Blog
Support
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Get the app
Menu
Privacy Policy
for mobile app YoCutie (the „app“)
for Android:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.appfiction.yocutiegoogle
for iOS:
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/yocutie-dating-app/id641011298?mt=8
and Website
www.yocutie.com
Should there be discrepancies between the interpretation of the German (www.yocutie.com/de/privacy) and English version of the Privacy Policy, the German version shall prevail.
Who we are
YoCutie is operated by App Fiction GmbH („we“ or „App Fiction“), Thyssenstraße 7-17, 13437 Berlin, Germany registered in the Commercial Register of the Local Court of Berlin Charlottenburg under HRB 130197 B.
Introduction
YoCutie is a Dating Service which connects real people. It enables it’s users to get to know each other and to develop partnerships. Everybody that is 18 years old or older may register. The user („you“) can look at other profiles and contact other users this way. You can also edit your own profile, add photos and videos to it and browse other User Profiles. If you and another user are interested in each other you can start chatting.
App Fiction protects the personal data of the users to the best of their knowledge and according to the highest, current security standards. We have appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures in place to protect your data. To protect our users the website and app rely on a secure SSL connection which allows the transfer of encrypted data only.
Collecting, processing and using your data is based on the provisions of the Federal Telemedia Act (TMG) and the data privacy laws, the latter particularly including the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) or as of 25 May 2018 the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This privacy statement explains how we will handle your personal data: how we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our application.
By using our website or application (our “service”), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. You agree to collecting, saving and processing your personal data subject to this Privacy Statement and our General
Terms and Conditions
.
1. Data that we collect
1.1 Download and Installation
By downloading the YoCutie App a set of data may be collected by the app store operator but we have no influence on it and are not liable for it. The privacy statement of the app store apply.
Depending on the operating system and it’s version the YoCutie app may ask you already right before or during the installation for several permissions (i.E. Access rights for location or the hard disc) to ensure the app operability. However, usually these permission are requested while using the app and especially directly after the first login.
1.2 Data that we always collect
Except for the information and data listed below App Fiction does not collect any personal data if you simply visit the our website or open the app.
Data collected on the website and when using the app:
IP address
requested file
data volume
browser: type, name and version
referrer URL
Provider
When using the app additionally:
country code
language
device name
unique device identifier (UUID)
advertiser ID
operating system
And additionally for the app if permissions are granted:
location data
push handle to send push notifications
1.3 Data that we collect after registration
You can use the app completely if you have created a profile. To create a profile you need to register via E-Mail, Facebook or Google. Either way you provide us with:
username (which has not be your real name)
birthdate
your gender
gender you are looking for
email address
When doing the E-Mail registration you also must set a password, so that you can use the E-Mail login.
1.4 Login Providers
We allow you to use Facebook Connect (operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA) or Google Sign-In (operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) to register and login to our app.
YoCutie uses and saves only your email username, address, facebook or google user id, date of birth, profile picture, sex/gender and if possible the gender you are looking for. For further information please visit
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
and
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
1.5 Optional User Profile Data
You can add optional information to your profile. This can be your:
photos
videos
personal interest and hobbies
height
weight
body type
city name
job
Also information like:
if you smoke
if you drink alcohol
if you have children
if you like animals
2. Usage of data
All of the provided user profile data is viewable to other users. We also show your username, gender, the gender you are looking for and your age to other users. We
do not show
your email address, device information, IP address, UUID, advertiser ID or other not for the purpose of dating relevant information to other users.
We store your used IP addresses and UUID to prevent abuse of our service. These data logs are used to fight fakes, spam and scam and thus enable a much better dating experience for all users without fraud. Additionally we also check personal chat messages automatically for specific black listed words to mark suspicious users and detect fake and spam better.
Your location data is used to show you other users in your area and to be shown to others. Thus the YoCutie app collects your location data with your consent to offer you that feature and does that while the app is running via GPS of the device and nearby WiFi access points. You can disable the location data collection depending on your operating system under the general system settings and within the YoCutie app. You can also deactivate under Settings → Privacy to not show the distance to you that others see on your profile.
App Fiction has the right to block or completely delete a users profile and his data, especially in case of fake, scam and any other abusive use. If the the profile and access is blocked, the user has no more access to his profile and data.
3. Data that is used for advertising
YoCutie is completely free and so App Fiction shows ads within the App and on the Website.
Ads can be own house-ads, campaigns from other advertisers or ads from third-party advertiser networks like Google Admob or Facebook Audience Network. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies or web beacons, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. The shown ads may be tailored to your personal interests.
Following data may be transferred and used for ads:
profile information
location data
advertiser ID
UUID
device data like operating system
IP address
Only irreversibly anonymised data is used for these „tailoired“ ads and it’s not possible to identify the app user concerned via this data.
We use the following third party advertising networks:
Admob and Adsense
Admob and Adsense are advertising services by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). For more informtion please consult https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Facebook Audience Network
Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA). In order to understand Facebook’s use of Data, consult https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
Usage of the Advertiser ID
The advertiser ID which is one of the following:
Apple’s Advertising Identifier (IDFA): An advertising ID that Apple provides as part of iOS in its ads framework (Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
Android’s Advertising ID: An advertising ID that Google provides as part of Android (Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
is used by the YoCutie App for advertising and tracking.
These advertiser ID is a unique non-permanent number identifying a specific (especially mobile) device. With the consent of the user this ID is used for tailored personalised ads and tracking.
You may-opt out of receiving targeted ads on mobile devices using the Android or the iOS operating system, by using platform level controls enabled through your device settings.
for iOS: go to “Privacy” –> “Ads” and enable the option “no ad tracking”
for Android: go to “Google Settings” → “Display” and enable the option “Disable personalised ads”
App Fiction uses the advertiser ID also for tracking, i.E. identifying a user that comes from another app and creates a YoCutie profile.
The user can reset his Advertiser ID at any time trough under the device settings.
By using the YoCutie App you grant us the rights to show you tailored ads, to user your data as mentioned for ads, to transfer the data as mentioned to third parties and to use your Advertiser ID. You can revoke this consent at any time for the future.
4. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are either stored temporarily in the memory, called session cookies, or permanently stored on the hard disk. Cookies are not able to run programs on the user’s computer or even transfer computer viruses.
You can freely decide within the settings of your internet browser if you generally accept cookies, whether you want to be informed when a cookie is set or if you want to reject all cookies. App Fiction points out that the use of the YoCutie Website is not possible or is only possible to a limited extent in the case of a refusal of cookies.
The YoCutie Website uses session cookies to authenticate the user during a session . The use of these cookies is intended to ensure the smooth operation and improvement of the YoCutie service. The session cookies expire automatically when the browser program is closed.
In the name of YoCutie tracking and analysis services providers (see next) upload cookies to the user’s device in order to capture that user’s usage data.
5. Service Providers
Google Analytics and Google Firebase Analytics
Our app uses Google Analytics and Google Firebase Analytics from Google Inc (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, “Google”). Under the terms of the agreement between Google and the Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Information Freedom, Google Analytics can be used in compliance with the data protection law and under certain conditions. In particular, we would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the IP masking function “_gat._anonymizeIp” in order to ensure an anonymous collection of IP addresses.
Please also note the following information about the use of Google Analytics:
Google Analytics uses cookies that are stored on your device and allow you to analyze the use of the app. The information about your use of this app generated by the cookie is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, by activating IP anonymization in the app, your IP address will be abbreviated by Google within the Member States of the European Union or in other States Parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the US and abbreviated there. On behalf of the operator of this app, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the app, to compile reports on the app’s activities, and to provide other services related to the use of the app and the Internet.
Alternatively, you can prevent Google Analytics from being captured by clicking on the link below. An opt-out cookie is set that prevents the future collection of your data when you visit this website:
Disable Google Analytics
. The opt-out cookie is only valid for this browser and also only for this domain. If you delete your cookies in this browser, you must click this link again.
Google’s ability to use and share information collected these tools about your use of the App is governed by the Google Privacy Policy (available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
). You may learn more about how Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with Analytics and Firebase Analytics at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
For more general information, visit Google’s privacy policy:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/
.
Crashlytics / Fabric
The YoCutie app uses the Crashlytics analysis tool from Crashlytics, 1 Kendall Square, Cambridge, MA 02139, United States. This analysis tool uses IP addresses of the users for analysis purposes, which, however, are used anonymously. It is not possible to draw conclusions about a specific user. Crashlytics provides App Fiction with evaluations of system crashes and thus helps us improving the app. For more information on Crashlytics privacy, please visit their privacy policy here:
http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/
Facebook Analytics for Apps
Facebook Analytics for Apps is an analytics service provided by Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA). Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/) of the service is collected and helps us to analyse and improve our app.
6. Social Media Links
Our website and app may contain links to our account sites on following social media networks and sites:
Facebook, Google Plus, Twitter and Medium
We have no influence on the collection, processing, and use of data from the respective networks. More further information how they handle your personal data please refer to the privacy policies of the networks.
Facebook:
https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google Plus:
https://twitter.com/privacy
Twitter:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
Medium: https://medium.com/policy/medium-privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9
7. Forwarding data to third parties
App Fiction does not forward the personal data of its users to third parties, unless the user explicitly agrees or such forwarding is required or permitted by law.
If necessary App Fiction may transfer the users data to external service providers, affiliated and external companies and persons to process customer data to improve the app and the service. However, the amount of data transferred will be reduced to a minimum.
App Fiction may use aggregated data or data not containing any personally identifiable facts for any purpose and especially for marketing, analysis and promotional purposes.
In the event that App Fiction, the YoCutie App or any of its affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, re- organisation, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your personal data. Also in response to legitimate inquiries, court orders, legal procedures and to defend the rights of App Fiction.
Beside all mentioned third party services like advertising networks and analysis tools we additionally use:
public infrastructural cloud services: Amazon Web Services (Privacy: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/), Google Cloud (Privacy: https://www.google.com/cloud/security/privacy/)
email sending service: mailchimp (Privacy Policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/)
WebSockets service: pusher.com (Privacy Policy: https://pusher.com/legal/privacy)
8. Your Rights and Withdrawal of consent
You can review and change your profile information at any time. This also includes all your pictures and videos.
You can withdraw your consent that we collect, save and process your personal data at any time and with future effect by deleting your profile. This can be done by sending us an email to
support@yocutie.com
, a letter (see under Contact) or deleting your profile yourself under settings. Keep in mind that deleting the app from your device does not automatically delete your profile – this is not related to each other. After the deletion request we will try to delete the users profile as soon as possible from our database but it can take up to 3 days to delete it completely from all cache memories. Meanwhile the profile could still be accessible and viewable by other users. Removed and deleted information may persist in backup copies for up to 30 days to enable restoration, but will not be available to others in the meantime.
In case a user is suspicious to be fraud, to publish wrong user information with the purpose to confuse others or to harm them we reserve the right to check and perhaps save his profile data before deleting it. We do this to protect other users of YoCutie.
You may have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected or deleted. If you wish to exercise any of your rights in respect of your personal data, please send us an email to
privacy@yocutie.com
.
9. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We will update this privacy statement as necessary and you can view and download it always under
https://www.yocutie.com/privacy
. Your continued use of YoCutie following any Change constitutes your acceptance of the Change.
10. Contact
You can always contact us directly regarding any questions, requests and complaints related to the storing and processing of your personal data.
E-Mail:
privacy@yocutie.com
Letter: App Fiction GmbH, Thyssenstraße 7-17, 13407 Berlin, Germany
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 10th April 2018.
Home
Blog
Support
Privacy Policy
Careers
Imprint
English
Deutsch
YoCutie - The #real Dating App | © App Fiction GmbH
This page uses cookies in order to ensure the best possible experience. If you continue browsing the site, you agree to the
usage of cookies
.