Hamm Technology Systems | Privacy Policy MOTORCYCLE SOUNDS
Webdesign
IT-Lösungen
App/Skill-Entwicklung
Mobile App-Entwicklung
Alexa Skill-Entwicklung
Referenzen
Projektanfrage
Kontakt
Suche
Menü
Menü
Privacy Policy MOTORCYCLE SOUNDS
Du bist hier:
Startseite
1
/
Privacy Policy MOTORCYCLE SOUNDS
Privacy Policy for the Mobile App: MOTORCYCLE SOUNDS
The protection of your privacy and personal information is very important to us. That’s why we strive to protect your personal rights to the best of our ability. Since our free app is financed exclusively by advertising, personal data captures for personalized advertisements.
Summary of the privacy policy
Personal data collected for the following purposes using the following services:
Advertising by Google AdMob
Personal data: cookie, unique device identifier for advertising (Google Advertising ID or IDFA, for example) and usage data
Hosting and backend infrastructure through Firebase and Firebase hosting
Personal data: different types of data as described in the privacy policy of the service
Complete privacy policy
Contact details
Provider and responsible:
Hamm Technology Systems
Owner: Pascal Hamm
Heidestrasse 8
71665 Vaihingen / Enz
Baden-Wurttemberg
Germany
E-Mail:
info@hamm-tech.de
Types of collected data
Personal information that this application processes on its own or by a third party includes: cookie, usage data, unique device identifier for advertising (Google Advertising ID or IDFA, for example) and storage entitlement.
Full details of each type of personal information processed will be provided in the appropriate sections of this privacy policy or at times through explanatory text that will be displayed prior to data collection.
Personal data may be voluntarily provided by the user or, in the case of usage data, automatically collected when this application is used.
Unless otherwise stated, the specification of all data requested by this application is mandatory. If the user refuses to provide the data, this may result in this application being unable to provide its services to the user. In cases where this application expressly identifies the provision of personal information as voluntary, users may choose not to provide that information without any impact on the availability or viability of the service.
Users who are unsure about which personal information is mandatory may contact the provider.
Any use of cookies – or other tracking tools – by this application or third-party service providers used by this application is for the purpose of providing the service requested by the user, and for any other purposes described in this document and, if so, present in the cookie policy.
Users are responsible for any third party personal information obtained, published or shared by this Application and acknowledge that they have obtained consent to the transfer of personal information of any third party to this application.
Application methods
Provider will properly process User Data and take reasonable security measures to prevent unauthorized access, unauthorized redirection, alteration or destruction of data.
The data processing is carried out by means of computers or IT-based systems according to organizational procedures and procedures, which target the specified purposes. In addition to the controller, other persons may also be designated internally (such as human resources, sales, marketing, legal, systems administrators) or externally, and as appropriate, by the controller (such as technical service providers, delivery companies, hosting providers, IT companies, etc.) Communication agencies) – operate this application and thus have access to the data. An up-to-date list of these parties can be requested by the provider at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The provider may only process personal data of users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: In some jurisdictions, the provider may be allowed to process personal data until the user opposes such processing („opt-out“) without having to rely on the consent or any of the following legal bases. However, this does not apply if the processing of personal data is subject to European data protection law
The collection of data is necessary for the fulfillment of a contract with the user and / or for precontractual measures
The processing is required to fulfill a legal obligation to which the provider is subject;
The processing is related to a task performed in the public interest or in the exercise of public authority delegated to the provider
The processing is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of the provider or a third party.
In any case, the provider will be happy to provide information on the specific legal basis on which the processing is based, in particular on whether the provision of personal data is a legal or contractual obligation or a condition for the conclusion of a contract.
Place
The data is processed at the provider’s office and at all other locations where the data processing units are located.
Depending on the location of the users, data transfers may involve transferring the user’s data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing the data transmitted, users can consult the section on the details of the processing of personal data.
Users also have the right to obtain the legal basis for the transfer of data to a country outside the European Union or to an international organization governed by international law or established by two or more countries, such as the United Nations, as well as those of the provider security measures taken to protect their data.
If such submission occurs, the user may learn more by reviewing the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the provider through the information provided in the contact section.
Storage time
Personal data will be processed and stored as long as the purpose for which it was collected is required.
Therefore:
Personal data collected for the purpose of fulfilling a contract concluded between the provider and the user will be stored until full performance of this contract.
Personal data collected to safeguard the legitimate interests of the provider will be retained for as long as necessary to fulfill those purposes. Users may obtain more detailed information about the vendor’s legitimate interests in the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the vendor.
In addition, the provider is permitted to store personal data for a longer period if the user has consented to such processing, as long as the consent is not revoked. In addition, the provider may be required to retain personal data for a longer period if required to fulfill a legal obligation or as ordered by an authority.
After expiration of the retention period, personal data will be deleted. Therefore, the right to information, the right of cancellation, the right of rectification and the right to data portability can not be invoked after the expiration of the retention period.
Purposes of processing
Personal data about the user are collected so that the provider can provide the services. In addition, data will be collected for the following purposes: advertising, analytics, viewing content from external platforms, hosting and back-end infrastructure, and device permissions to access personal information.
Users may find more detailed information about these processing purposes and the personal data used for their purpose in the relevant sections of this document.
Device permissions for accessing personal information
Depending on the device used by the user, this application may request certain permissions that allow access to the user’s device data as described below.
By default, these access permissions must be granted by the user before the appropriate information can be accessed. A once given consent can be revoked at any time by the user. To revoke these approvals, users can browse the device settings or contact the owner’s support using the contact information provided in this document.
The exact procedure for checking app permissions may depend on the device and software of the user.
It should be noted that this application could be impaired by the cancellation of such permissions in the proper functioning.
If the user grants any of the below privileges, that particular personal information could be processed (i.e. accessed, modified or removed) by this application.
Detailed information on the processing of personal data
Personal data is collected for the following purposes using the following services:
Hosting and backend infrastructure
The purpose of this type of service is to host data and files so that this application can be managed and used. Furthermore, these offers may provide a ready-made infrastructure that handles specific functions or whole components for this application.
Some of these services work with geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the location where the personal information is stored.
Firebase (Firebase, Inc.)
Firebase is a web hosting and backend service provided by Google Inc.
Collected Personal information: different types of data as described in the privacy policy of the service.
Processing Location: USA –
Privacy Policy
.
Firebase Hosting (Firebase, Inc.)
Firebase Hosting is a web hosting service provided by Google Inc.
Collected Personal information: different types of data as described in the privacy policy of the service.
Processing Location: USA –
Privacy Policy
.
Advertising
With this type of service, this application may use user data to communicate advertising in the form of banners and other marketing methods, possibly based on the interests of the user.
This does not mean that all personal data is used for this purpose. Further information and terms of use are listed below.
Some of the services listed below may use cookies to identify users or use so-called behavioral retargeting. It also identifies the interests and browsing behaviors of users who do not use this application to target advertisements. For further information please refer to the privacy policy of the respective services.
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob is an advertising service by AdMob Google Inc.
For more information about how Google uses data, see the
Google Partner Policy
.
Collected Personal information: cookie, unique device identifier for advertising (Google Advertising ID or IDFA, for example) and usage data.
Processing Location: USA –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
The rights of users
Users may exercise certain rights with respect to their data processed by the provider.
In particular, users have the right to do the following:
The consents at any time revoked. If the user has previously consented to the processing of personal data, he may revoke his consent at any time.
Objection to the processing of their data. The user has the right to object to the processing of his data if the processing is based on a different legal basis than the consent. More information is provided below.
Get information regarding their data. The user has the right to know whether the data is processed by the provider, to receive information about individual aspects of the processing and to obtain a copy of the data.
Check and have it corrected. The user has the right to check the accuracy of his data and to ask for their updating or rectification.
To restrict the processing of their data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their data. In this case, the provider will not process the data for any purpose other than storage.
Request deletion or other removal of personal data. Users have the right under certain circumstances to request the deletion of their data from the provider.
Your data received and transferred to another person responsible. The user has the right to receive his data in a structured, common and machine-readable format and, if technically possible, to have it transmitted to another person without any hindrance. This provision is applicable if the data is processed automatically and the processing is based on the consent of the user, on a contract in which the user participates or on pre-contractual obligations.
Give a complaint. Users have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent regulatory authority.
Details of the right of objection regarding the processing
If personal data are processed in the public interest, in the exercise of a sovereign authority delegated to the provider or in order to safeguard the legitimate interests of the provider, the user can object to this processing by indicating a justification based on his particular situation.
Users are informed that they can object to the processing of personal data for direct mail at any time without stating reasons. In order to know whether the provider processes personal data for direct mail purposes, users can refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How the rights can be exercised
All requests to exercise User Rights may be directed to the Provider through the contact details provided in this document. Applications can be made free of charge and will be processed by the provider as early as possible, at the latest within one month.
Further information about the personal data of the user
In addition to the information provided in this Privacy Policy, this application may provide the user with other contextual information upon request relating to specific services or the collection and processing of personal data.
System logs and maintenance
This application and third-party services may, for operational and maintenance purposes, collect files that record the interaction through that application (system logs), or use other personal information (such as an IP address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this privacy policy
Further information about the collection or processing of personal data can be requested at any time from the provider via the listed contact details.
How „Do Not Track“ requests are handled
This application does not support non-tracking requests („Do Not Track“) through web browsers.
The information on whether integrated third party services support the non-tracking protocol can be found in the privacy policy of the respective service.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Provider reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time by providing its users on this Site and, if applicable, this Application and / or, as far as technically and legally possible, by sending a notice to Users via any of the Supplier’s facilities informed contact information accordingly. Users are therefore encouraged to visit this page regularly, checking the last modified date at the bottom of the page.
As far as changes concern a data usage based on the consent of the user, the provider will – if necessary – obtain a new consent.
Definitions and legal notices
Personal data (or data)
Any information that directly or in conjunction with other information determines or may be the identity of a natural person.
Usage data
Information that this application (or third-party services using this application) automatically collects; For example: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers of users using this application, the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) addresses, the time of the request, the method used to send the request to the server, the size of the response file received, the numeric code indicating the status of the server response (successful result, errors, etc.), the country of origin, the functions of the browser and operating system used by the user, the various times per call (e.g. How much time was spent on each page of the application) and information about the path followed within an application, in particular the order of pages visited, as well as other information about the operating system of the device and / or the user’s IT environment ,
User
The person using this application who, unless otherwise specified, agrees with the person concerned.
Affected
The natural person to whom the personal data relates.
Processor (or data processor)
Natural or legal person, agency, institution or other body that processes personal data on behalf of the controller, as described in this Privacy Policy.
Responsible (or provider, partly owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, body or body that, alone or in concert with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data and the means used, including the security measures relating to the operation and use of the application. Unless otherwise indicated, the controller is the natural or legal person through whom this application is offered.
This application
The hardware or software tool used to collect and process the personal data of the user.
Service
The service offered by this application as described in the applicable terms of use (if any) and on this page / application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise indicated, all references in this document to the European Union refer to all current Member States of the European Union and the European Economic Area (EEA).
Cookie
Small file saved by the application in the user’s device.
Legal notice
This Privacy Policy has been drafted on the basis of provisions of various legislations, including Article 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This Privacy Policy applies solely to this application, unless otherwise stated in this document.
Data protection officer: Pascal Hamm.
Last update: 15.08.2018
Kontakt
Hamm Technology Systems
Inhaber: Pascal Hamm
Höhenstraße 11
71665 Vaihingen an der Enz
Mobil: 0176/78352090
eMail: info@hamm-tech.de
Leistungen
Webdesign
IT-Lösungen
App-Entwicklung
Skill-Entwicklung
Gebiet
Vaihingen an der Enz
Bietigheim-Bissingen
Ludwigsburg
Leonberg
Ditzingen
Sindelfingen
Stuttgart
Mühlacker
Pforzheim
Links
Neuigkeiten
Referenzen
Über uns
Projektanfrage
Kontakt
© Copyright 2023 - Hamm Technology Systems
Sitemap
Datenschutzerklärung
Impressum
Nach oben scrollen
Cookie Consent mit Real Cookie Banner