Privacy - Deliveries Package Tracker Android App
Deliveries Package Tracker
The App
Synchronization
Translation
Support
open_in_new
Changelog
Status
Privacy policy
Responsible body in the sense of the data protection laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), is:
Oliver Rennies
Kaspersweg 24
26131 Oldenburg
Germany
In the following, the term "website" is used for both the website and our mobile app.
Your rights
You can exercise the following rights by contacting us via the
about page
:
Obtain information about the data we store about you and how we process it,
correction of incorrect personal data,
deletion of your data stored by us,
restriction of data processing if we cannot delete your data due to legal obligations,
objection to us processing your data and
data portability, if you have consented to the data processing or have signed a contract with us.
If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with future effect.
If you have a complaint, please let us know or contact the supervisory authority responsible for you. The responsible authority depends on your place of residence, your work and the alleged violation. You can find a list of authorities here:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
.
Purpose of data processing by third parties and us
We only process your personal data for the purposes listed in this privacy policy. We will only share your personal information with third parties, if:
You have specifically consented to it,
the processing is required to execute a contract with you,
the processing is required to comply with a legal obligation or
the processing is required to fulfill legitimate interests and there is no reason to believe that you have an overriding legitimate interest in not disclosing your information that must be protected.
Collection of general information about your visit of our website
When you access our website, general information about your visit is recorded automatically. This information is stored in server log files and includes the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your internet service provider and other similar data. The stored information will be regularly deleted after 30 days.
This information is technically necessary for correctly delivering the contents of the requested webpage and is a prerequisite for using the internet. More specifically, it is processed for the following purposes:
Ensuring a hassle-free connection to the website,
ensuring a smooth use of our website,
evaluation of system security and stability as well as
additional administrative tasks.
Processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interest for the aforementioned purposes. We do not use this data to draw conclusions about you as a person. Stored data is only available the responsible body and the contracted web host.
The collected anonymous information may be statistically evaluated to optimize our website and the underlying technology.
Cookies
Like many other websites, we use so-called "cookies". Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive by websites you visit. For example, we use cookies to save your current session so you do not have to re-identify each time you visit the synchronization webpage or the help portal. Additionally, interactions that you perform on the website can be stored for your next visit.
Cookies cannot be used to launch programs or to transfer viruses to devices. Based on the information contained in cookies, we can facilitate website navigation and correctly display the website.
In no case will we pass this data to third parties or link it with your personal data without your specific consent.
Of course, you can also view our website without cookies. Common browsers are configured to accept cookies by default. You can change this behavior in the settings of your browser. Please refer to the documentation of your browser for instructions. Please keep in mind that some functionality on our website will not work when you have disabled cookies.
Registration and use of the synchronization service
When registering for the use of our personalized services, some personal information will be collected, such as name, email address and Google account ID. After registering, you can access content and services that we only offer to registered users. Please use the contact information from the
about page
if you want to see, change or delete this data.
E-Mail recognition
The emails you send to the email recognition service may be analyzed to improve our service and will be cached in an email inbox for up to 14 months.
SSL encryption
To keep your data safe during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption techniques (such as SSL) over HTTPS.
Contact form
If you contact us via email or contact form, you consent that we store and use your information to process and answer your request as well as possible follow-up questions. You are required to supply a valid email address so we can assign your request and get back to you with an answer. Supplying further information is optional.
Use of Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (following: Google). Google Analytics uses cookies to allow an analysis of your usage of this website. The information generated by this cookie is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Due to the activation of IP anonymization on this website, if you are within the member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the agreement, your IP address will be truncated by Google before being transmitted to the USA. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address will be sent to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity and provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address your browser provides as part of the usage of Google Analytics will not be connected to other Google data.
The purpose of data processing by Google Analytics is the evaluation of website usage and the compilation of reports on activities on the website. Related services may be provided based on your usage this website and websites of other providers. The processing is based on the legitimate interest of the website operator.
Please refer to the "Cookies" section on how to prevent storage of Google Analytics cookies. In addition, you can prevent the collection and processing of this data by downloading and installing the following browser plugin:
Plugin for disabling Google Analytics
.
Additionally or as an alternative, you can disable Google Analytics specifically for this website by
clicking on this link
. This will store an opt-out cookie on your device that prevents future data collection by Google Analytics in your current browser for this website as long as the cookie stays installed.
Use of script libraries (Google WebFonts)
In order to present our content correctly and graphically appealing across browsers, we use script and font libraries such as Google WebFonts (
https://www.google.com/webfonts/
). Google WebFonts are stored in the cache of your browser to prevent multiple downloads. If your browser does not support Google WebFonts or prevents access, our content will be displayed in a standard font.
The call of script or font libraries automatically causes a connection the provider of the library. Hence, the same information as described under "Collection of general information about your visit of our website" may be recorded by Google. You can find more information in the
Frequently Asked Questions of Google WebFonts
.
You will find the privacy policy of the library provider Google here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/
Use of Google Maps
This website uses the Google Maps API to display geographic information. When using Google Maps, Google also collects, processes and uses data about the use of map features by visitors. For more information about Google's data processing, see
the Google privacy policy
.
Detailed instructions on how to manage your own data related to Google products
can be found here
.
Embedded YouTube videos
On some of our webpages we embed YouTube videos. The corresponding plug-ins are operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit a page with the YouTube plug-in, your browser will connect to YouTube's servers. This will allow YouTube to track which websites you visit. While logged in to your YouTube account, YouTube will be able to connect your surfing habits to you personally. This can be prevented by signing out of your YouTube account before visiting our website.
If you start an embedded YouTube video, Google will store and process cookies to collect information about your user behavior.
To prevent YouTube from storing and processing cookies on your device, please refer to the "Cookies" section.
Further information on data protection at "YouTube" can be found here:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
Google AdWords
Our website uses Google conversion tracking. If you reached our website via an ad served by Google, Google AdWords will set a cookie on your device. This cookie is valid for 30 days and is not used to personally identify you. If you visit specific pages of our website and the cookie is still valid, both Google and we can detect that you reached that website after clicking on the Google ad. Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie, so the cookie from this website cannot be used to track you on websites of other AdWords customers. The information gathered using the conversion cookie is used to generate statistics for us. We can access the total number of users that clicked our ad and were redirected to a page with the conversion tracking tag. We do not receive information that would allow us to identify you personally.
If you do not want to participate in the tracking, please refer to the "Cookies" section on how to prevent storage of this cookie.
AppLovin
We work with AppLovin to deliver ads in our mobile application. For more information about AppLovin’s collection and use of your information visit:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Changes to our privacy policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy in order to comply with legal requirements or to implement changes to our services, e.g. the introduction of new services. If you continue to use our services after those changes are in effect, you agree to the new policy.
Questions to the data protection officer
If you have questions about data protection, please contact us via the contact information available on the
about page
.
This privacy policy was
created using the "Datenschutzerklärungs-Generator" by activeMind AG
. Translated and customized by the website owner.
About
Privacy
© 2013-2023 oRRs (Oliver Rennies)