hdcstudioprivacypolicy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
hdcstudioprivacypolicy
Home
WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION AND PERMISSIONS WE USE?
We may collect personal information is provided by you when setting up a new account. This includes your name, email, phone number.
We may require some permissions when you interact with our applications, to you can use the function which our apps provide. Such as location, camera, network connections permissions,...
We may use Google Analytics to analyze anonymous aggregated usage data for our applications. This information is collected by Google, they does not share any your information with us. Please refer to their own policy guidelines if you have any question regarding the use they make of your data.
Advertisers who serve ads may use technology to improve quality, effective of advertising. They may access your unique device identifier by use their technologies and use it to target advertising to you. Advertisers make available links through advertisements or otherwise enabling you to access third party sites, tools or games. Please note that, while using such sites, tools or games, you are not affiliated with or controlled by us.
We use Google Admob ads as primary ad service and Facebook Audience Network, Unity Ads.
We use Youtube Data API
to help user manage your YouTube account and follow Youtube and Google policy.
With the applications related to Youtube:
We use Youtube Data APIs to help users manage their YouTube account. And we follow Youtube and Google policy when using these APIs.
Users can revoke the access of our application to your account via the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
Google Privacy Policy:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
By using the application, users agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service:
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
HOW WE USE INFORMATION OR PERMISSIONS?
We only use information or permissions are provided, granted by you, so that you can use all functions which our applications provide and improve services better.
We respect your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected about you. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your information which is impenetrable. We try to use best security methods, tools to protect your information which you provide to us.
CONTACT US
If you wish to contact us regarding this Privacy Policy or any privacy-related matters, please contact us via email at
hdcstudio@gmail.com
© 2017 HDC Studio. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy check out all of amazing apps and games are provided from HDC Studio.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse