Privacy Policy – Video Wallpapers
Skip to content
Video Wallpapers
Video Live Wallpapers for Android and iPhone
Menu
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Date Modified: May 7, 20
20
Video Wallpapers built the Live Wallpapers as a Free applications. This service is provided by Video Wallpapers at no cost` and is intended for use AS IS.
What information do we collect?
Personal Information:
We do not collect Personal Information. Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application.
Personal Information includes your names, email addresses, physical addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your devices and other information you transmit or receive using an Application which identifies you or another person.
Non-Personal Information:
We may collect Non-Personal Information about users whenever they interact with our apps. Non-Personal Information may include the information about your devices, and technical information about users means of connection to our apps, such as the versions of phone model and other similar information.
Third Party:
The Applications, uses Google AdMob SDK and Facebook Ads SDK. This is for collecting information for serving advertisements through out the application. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site.
We do not collect your information on and through and This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us.The information that you transfer and share through the Application, the Services and/or the Site may be intercepted, collected, used and disclosed by third parties. We are not responsible for any interception, collection, use and disclosure of your information by any third party. Please choose other ways to transfer and share if you have higher security requirements.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, developer improve our Application.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Opt-out Right:
You may limit the disclosure of certain Non-Personal Information by your mobile device to the Company and our business partners by adjusting the advertising settings on your mobile device.
Children:
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
[email protected]
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Changes:
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically. Notices will be sent to users to advise the changes.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
[email protected]
Search for:
© 2023 Video Wallpapers
• Powered by
GeneratePress