Love Live Wallpapers & Christmas
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Love Live Wallpapers & Christmas
Privacy Policy
Your Style Apps PRIVACY POLICY
In This Privacy Policy. "Your Style", "we", "us" or "our", "ours" refers to Your Style Apps.
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time by posting a new version online so please review it frequently. Your continued use of our Services after the posting of a new version is deemed as your acceptance of the modified terms.
Do we collect your information?
Your Style does not collect any kind of user information. In all our apps and games, we are using third-party SDKs which may collect some information.
Ad serving.  Our partners may use ad serving technology to provide advertisements of interest to you within the Services (for example within the Android application). In this connection our partners may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, coarse geo-location information and IP address. Please note that our partners operate under their own privacy policies.
For more information, see:
https://www.google.com/adsense/localized-terms
for Adsense information.
Cookies and other identifiers.
Your Style does not use cookies in apps or games .Our partners may use cookies and other identifiers (such as clear gifs or pixel tags). With cookies and other identifiers our partners can provide a better user experience. You may delete the cookies from your device after using our Services.
External links
Our Services may contain links to external sites, such as Youtube or Google Play and link content from external third party sources. Please note that the use of such third party sites or content is subject to the privacy policies and usage terms of the third party in question instead of our own terms and we do not have control or assume any liability over such content.
Contact us!
Should you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or the processing of your personal data, please contact us at christmaswallpapersandgames@gmail.com
Last updated: 22 September 2018
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse