Unknown
EU APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY
Last
    updated: August
10
, 2021
1. Who we are
1.1. We are
    Craigpark Limited located at Trident Chambers, Wickhams Cay 1 P.O.
    Box 146, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands (hereinafter
    «Craigpark»).
1.2. This Privacy
    Policy sets out how we collect and use your non-personal information
    when you use the mobile application «Efectum» («Services»)
    offered by Craigpark and the choices available to you in connection
    with our use of your information (the Privacy Policy). You do not
    need to register in order to use Services. All the data that we
    process in relation to your use of our Services is non-personal one
    and has a statistic nature.
This Privacy Policy
    should be read alongside.
2. This Privacy Policy
2.1. By making
    available the Services we, acting reasonably and in good faith,
    believe that you:
(a) have all
    necessary rights to use the Services;
(b) are aware of and
    accept this Privacy Policy.
3. Information we collect
        about you
3.1. In order to
    implement the agreement between you and us, and provide you with
    access to the use of the Services, we will improve, develop and
    implement new features to our Services, and enhance the available
    Services functionality. To achieve these objectives, and in
    compliance with applicable laws, we will collect, store, aggregate,
    organize, extract, compare, use, and supplement your data
    (hereinafter “processing”).
3.2. We set out in
    more detail the information we collect when you use our Services, why
    we collect and process it and the legal bases below.
Information Collected
Purpose
Legal Basis
1
Access
			to camera on the device
You
			should give the permission for the application to camera on the
			device in order to use the Services because of the Services
			nature. Please note that by rejecting such permission you may not
			be able to access Services.
Consent
Performance
			of our contract with you
2
Additional
			statistic data received via integrated internal and external SDK
			(for instance, myTracker) as the result of your behavioral actions
			when using the Services and technical interaction with the
			Services (for instance, your actions such as your choice of the
			filters, frames or effects, choose the speed of the video)
We
			use this information for internal review in order to constantly
			improve the content of our Services, optimizing user experience,
			to understand any errors users may encounter when using the
			Services
Legitimate
			Interests
Performance
			of our contract with you
3
Additional
			statistic data received via integrated internal and external SDK
			(for instance, Firebase ) when some crashes are caused while
			using the Services.
We
			use this information for internal review in order to understand
			any errors users may encounter when using the Services, fix such
			bugs, constantly improve our Services, optimizing user experience.
We
			use this information in order to manage and administer the
			Services.
Legitimate
			Interests
Performance
			of our contract with you
4
Technical
                information that is received when you access the Services that contain
                myTracker SDK.
This also refers to various technical identifiers that only identify a device
                (for instance, Google Device Account).
We use this
                information to provide our Services for tracking the performance of the application
                as well as our marketing and advertising campaigns.
We also use
                this information to better understand how individuals access and use our Services,
                both on an aggregated and individualized basis; to respond to their desires and
                preferences; to improve the products of the Company, its partners and affiliates
                (including targeted advertising and modelling Internet user behaviour) and for
                other research, analytical or statistical purposes.
Legitimate
			Interests
Performance
			of our contract with you
3.3. Our legitimate
    interests include  (1) maintaining and administrating the
    Services; (2) providing the Services to you; (3) improving the
    content of the Services; (4) ensuring data is adequately protected;
    and (5) compliance with any contractual, legal or regulatory
    obligations under any applicable law.
3.4. As part of
    maintaining and administrating the Services we use the information to
    analyze user activity and ensure that rules and terms of use for the
    Services are not violated.
3.5. Please note, if
    you do not want us to process sensitive and special categories of
    data about you (including data relating to your health, racial or
    ethnic origin, political opinion, religious or philosophical beliefs,
    sex life,  and your sexual orientation) you should take care not
    to post this information or share this data when using the Services
    where applicable.
3.6. Please note, if
    you withdraw your consent (and related device permissions) to
    processing or you do not provide the data that we require in order to
    maintain and administer the Services, you may not be able to access
    the Services.
3.7. If we intend to
    further process your data for any other purpose to those set out in
    this Privacy Policy, we shall provide you with details of this
    further purpose before we commence processing.
3.8. Our app uses Facebook, Admob as ads providers.
    The advertising providers want to show ads that are relevant to you.
    For more information, please check
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
4. Data sharing
4.1. We take
    technical and organizational measures to ensure that your data is
    safe. We may share your data with Craigpark Limited and other our
    affiliates. Sometimes we may also need to share your data with a
    third party in order to provide our Services to you or to administer
    the Services, for example as described in paragraph 2 and 3 in the
    table below.
4.2. External SDKs
    (Firebase, My Tracker) are connected to the Services, which collect
    and store the number of events and actions performed by users inside
    the Application, without personal identification. We such data for
    internal review in order to optimize user experience and to
    understand any errors users may encounter when using the Services.
5. Limitation of liability
5.1. We bear no
    liability for the consequences of use of the Services. We ask you to
    take a responsible approach to use of the Services.
6. International Transfers
6.1. We may transfer
    and maintain on our servers or databases some of your personal
    information outside the European Economic Area (EEA) including in
    Russia.
6.2. The countries
    to which we transfer your data may not have the same data protection
    laws as your jurisdiction. We take reasonable cyber security measures
    and/or put in place the Standard Contractual Clauses (e.g. Model
    Clauses, Data Processing Agreement/Addendum) to ensure your data is
    adequately protected.
7. Retention Periods
7.1. We will retain
    information for as long as required to perform the purposes for which
    the data was collected depending on the legal basis for which that
    data was obtained and/or whether additional legal/regulatory
    obligations mandate that we retain your personal information during
    the term that is required and/or permissible under
    applicable/relevant law.
8. Individual Rights
8.1.
There are the following rights, in certain circumstances, in relation
to personal information of the data subjects under GDPR:
(a)
Right to access  personal information.
(b) Right to rectify
personal information:  when subject of personal data can request
that controller or processor of personal data update, block or delete
personal data, if the data is incomplete, outdated, incorrect,
unlawfully received or no longer relevant  for the purpose of
processing.
(c) Right to restrict the use of personal
information.
(d) Right to request that personal information is
erased.
(e) Right to object to processing of personal
information.
(f) Right to data portability (in certain specific
circumstances).
(g) Right not to be subject to an automated
decision.
(h) Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory
authority.
8.2. Please be sure
    that we do not collect and process your personal information
    intendedly.
9. Security Measures
9.1. We
    take technical, organizational and legal measures, including,
    where suitable, encryption, to ensure that your personal data are
    protected from unauthorized or accidental access, deletion,
    modification, blocking, copying and dissemination.
10. Changes to this Policy
10.1. From time to
    time, we may change and/or update this Privacy Policy. If this
    Privacy Policy changes in any way, we will post an updated version on
    this page. We recommend you regularly review this page to ensure that
    you are always aware of our information practices and any changes to
    such.
11. Contact Us
11.1.
If you have any questions, please send your inquiries to Service
support at
efectum.app@gmail.com
or in writing to Trident Chambers, Wickhams Cay 1 P.O. Box 146, Road
Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands. So we can deal with your
enquiry effectively, please quote this Privacy Policy. We will aim to
respond to you within 30 days from receipt of request.
11.2. All
    correspondence received by us from you (written or electronic
    inquiries) is classified as restricted-access information and may not
    be disclosed without your written consent.
11.3. The e-mail
    address of our DPO is
dpo@mailapps.me