FunnyApps - JuasApp
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
FunnyApps
Home
Disclaimer
JuasApp
FunnyApps
Home
Disclaimer
JuasApp
More
Home
Disclaimer
JuasApp
JuasApp Terms and Conditions of Use - Privacy Policy
JuasApp Terms and Conditions of Use – Privacy Policy – Funny Apps LLC
Terms and Conditions of Use of Service
1. INTRODUCTION
These terms and conditions (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “
Terms
”) constitute a legal and binding agreement between FunnyApps LLC., a company incorporated under the laws of Delaware (United States of America), with registered office at 2330 Ponce de Leon - Coral Gables, Florida 33134, business registration no. (EIN)
83-3586601
, including its subsidiaries, affiliates and contractors acting on its behalf (hereinafter collectively referred to as “
We
”, “
Us
” or “
Our
”) and the users and their heirs, agents, successors and assigns (hereinafter singularly and collectively referred to as “
You
” or “
Your
”) that use any of Our software, service (including, without limitation, SaaS, internet-based service, etc.), tool, application, component, website and any modification or update thereof (hereinafter any and all the items above mentioned will be singularly and collectively referred to as the “
JuasApp
”).
IMPORTANT NOTICE: Your continued use of JuasApp constitutes Your expressed acceptance of and agreement to be bound by these Terms, as in force from time to time. Therefore, You understand and acknowledge that by downloading, accessing, installing or using JuasApp You agree to be bound by these Terms. If You do not accept the Terms in their entirety, You must not download, access, install or use JuasApp. If You agree to these Terms on behalf of an entity, or in connection with providing or receiving services on behalf of an entity, You represent and warrant that You have the authority to bind that entity to these Terms. In such event, “You” and “Your” will refer and apply to that entity or agency. Furthermore, if You want to block your telephone number from receiving prank calls from JuasApp, please use the form available at http://www.juasapp.com/blacklists_userpaneljs.html. Please allow at least five (5) business days for your request to become effective.
2. PURPOSE AND SCOPE OF APPLICATION OF THE CONDITIONS OF THE USE OF SERVICE
The following terms and conditions of use (“Terms of Service”) have as a regular objective the use and mobile application and web service of JUASAPP (hereafter the “mobile APP”, “JUASAPP” or the “Service”) of which FunnyApps LLC (hereafter” FunnyApps ”) is the owner.
In addition to these Terms of Use, we have established a Privacy Policy to explain how we collect and use the information about you and the rights it holds over it.
By using the Service, you will remain bound by the Terms of Use and the
Privacy Policy
, expressively accepting your compliance and a legally binding term going into effect with us. For this purpose we recommend that you read carefully these Terms of Use (including our Privacy Policy) and keep and/or print a copy thereof for your future reference. Furthermore, if you disagree with these Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy we recommend you uninstall the application from your device.
3. DEFINITION OF SERVICE
JUASAPP is an application that allows the user to send consistent jokes in a pre-recorded audio file by telephone to the destination selected by the user. The user will be able to select from a list of jokes and indicate both the line of destination and the hour in which you wish for the addressee to receive the joke. Once the joke is delivered to the recipient, the application has the functionality to record the audio (hereafter the “Recording”) and make it available to the sender of the joke. However, you, the user shall not share the Recording with any third parties unless you havethe express consent of the person who has received the joke (i.e. the recipient of the joke).
The purpose of the app is to provide a service of leisure and entertainment and any different use than the purpose for which the application has been created will be contrary to the current Terms of Use. The app can be downloaded from the mobile app stores (e.g: Google Play Store, Apple AppStore,...).
Hereinafter the will be referred to as “
JUASAPP
”)
NOTE: Since the personal data of the recipient of the call are stored only and exclusively in the terminal of the user of the application (client), in case he deletes the application in his terminal or deletes the associated data in his terminal, it may stop working in the sense that, that deleted information disappears from it. Although, when you reinstall and/or use it, your personal information linked to the new uses of it will be available until it is deleted again by the user.
You represent and warrant that the recipient of any call You initiate through JUASAPP is not located in any the following states: California, Connecticut, Florida, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Vermont, and Washington.
4. CONTENT FOR ADULTS AND CHILD PROTECTION
Through the service, you access content that could be susceptible to offend the sensibilities of certain users. If you are under age you must leave the Service and immediately uninstall the application from your mobile device. The use of the Service implies your explicit declaration to predispose of the necessary legal majority, in accordance with applicable law, exonerating FunnyApps LLC from all liability. The mobile APP is provided as an entertainment app of its users for exclusive use for people 18 years of age or older, in the same way it is strictly forbidden to forward a joke to a minor.
Under no circumstances has there been included any material that contains images or sounds of persons under age, or minors who have participated in its creation.
Likewise no contents are included that, by their nature, are derogatory to any ethnic or social group, or that may reflect non-consensual acts of violence by the persons participating. Furthermore no images are offered in which animals participate, irrespective of the legality of its use.
FunnyApps LLC may modify these Terms of Use, and we will notify you of these changes by posting of our updated Terms of Use of Service. Changes in the Terms of Use will be effective when they are posted and the continued use of the Service after said publication will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
5. PAYMENT SERVICES
The use of the application may have a cost, both by acceding by means of the charge by credit card /Paypal /Google Play /Google Wallet /Apple (AppStore).
The maximum price of every joke is $1.50. VAT included. Albeit, in general, content packages of more competitive scaled prices are offered. These joke packages may be acquired in a prepaid manner, giving rise to credits that accumulate in the account of the user.
A free joke is also offered to all users who download and install the application (so long as you have a SIM card installed on your device), with the possibility of receiving another additional credit if the user registers in the app through his profile in social networks (e.g.: Facebook – option only available for the Android app)
FunnyApps LLC reserves the right to launch special campaigns and of limited duration, such as:
1. “2 x 1”: the same number of credits bought are provided to the user free of charge.
2. “Member-get-Member”: if a user A recommends the app to another user B, and user B purchases a package of jokes, the user A is also assigned the same number of jokes purchased by user B.
If the addressee doesn’t answer the call that constitutes the joke, or the call doesn’t reach the addressee, no joke balance is deducted.
All answered calls (including those answered by the automatic answering machine) must be subtracted from the balance of jokes as the telephone carrier does not distinguish whether it is the receiver that answers manually or if it is the voice mail of the carrier.
This party will not be responsible in any case of malfunctioning of the phone carriers and Internet access with which the user has contracted their services, nor the platforms for means of payment used by the user to make payments. Nor will it be responsible for the bad configuration of the mobile or the tablet of the user, being their responsibility to verify their possibilities of error.
The purchased amounts expire after 6 months without using the application. At that time, the user’s content may be deleted.
6. USE OF SERVICE OFFERED
a) Recommended use and limits.
You agree to make appropriate and lawful use of the application and content, in accordance with applicable, the Terms of Use, morality and generally accepted good customs and public order.
You are fully responsible for your use the Service, pledging to hold harmless and indemnify FunnyApps LLC and its affiliates if necessary, its affiliates, related parts, employees, directors, employees, agents, independent contractors, advertisers, partners and sponsors and sponsoring brands, of any claim or lawsuit, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, even criminally reprehensible behavior that have been carried out by a third party, due to direct use or as a result of illegal use of the Service.
Like any other telecommunication service, the use of the services of JUASAPP with the purpose of harassing or hurting anyone is illegal. It is also a violation of our Terms of Use to use JUASAPP such purposes and anyone who violates the Terms using JUASAPP, will be legally responsible for any resulting damage. To prevent malicious use of the application JUASAPP uses extreme precaution in the making of its messages, it limits the schedule of the calls of the service provided to no being able to be program jokes between 00:00 and 08:00 and the number of jokes that can be made to a same addressee, being at maximum five (5).
b) Sharing and recording jokes
In the majority of countries, the laws allow the recording of any telephone conversation as long as you count with the consent of, at least, one of the parties involved in it. A user will not be able to download a Recording without obtaining the previous consent thereof. The feature of the Service prevents a Recording from being created if the JUASAPP user does not expressively accept such previous condition.
In order to share jokes publicly, the service requires that the person sharing the joke has obtained the permission of it from all the participants of the call. FunnyApps LLC is not responsible for the consequences of failure to obtain the necessary consent to share the Recording, falling on him the obligation to indemnify third parties or FunnyApps LLC of any claim arising out of their actions.
For the foregoing purposes FunnyApps LLC will collect certain additional personal data of the user before obtaining the recording.
c) Applications contrary to these conditions
1. You shall not the use of the mobile APP to call emergency numbers, health centres, governmental agencies, employees or officials, police, schools, the numbers assigned to services of public radio companies, any service for which the party called is charged per call, or to any other recipient when this is prohibited by law or regulation, unless the call is made with the previous and express consent of the party called. You shall not use this service for any illegal or unlawful activities.
2. Making a non-authorized or fraudulent use of the application and/or its content with illicit means or ends.
3. Copy or modify, the mobile APP, including, but not limited, the addition thereto of new functions or making changes therein that alter its operation.
4. Transfer, sell, rent, lease, distribute, sublicense or otherwise assign any rights of any kinds and the extent of the Mobile APP for third parties.
5. Access or attempt to access restricted areas or resources of the application, without fulfilling the conditions required for said access, as well as evade payment systems in place.
6. Introducing or spreading computer viruses or any other hardware or software capable of causing damage to physical or logical systems of the domain owner, its suppliers or third parties;
7. Trying to access, use and / or manipulate data of the service owner, third party providers and other users;
8. Remove, hide or manipulate the notes about intellectual or industrial property rights and other identifying data about the rights of the application holder or third parties included to the Contents, as well as technical protection devices or any information mechanisms that can be inserted in the Contents:
9. In particular, you, the user, agree not to use JUASAPP to transmit, distribute or make available to people under 18 years old jokes or any content, messages, graphics, photographs, recordings and, in general, any kind of material available in the application;
10. You shall not use JUASAPP:
in a way that breaches, any legislation or any licence applicable to you or that is in any way illegal, unlawful or fraudulent;
in a way that causes us to lose or breach or contravene any legislation.
to make nuisance calls;
to threaten, annoy or harass any person.
to distribute, deliver, transmit, knowingly receive, upload, download, publish, use or re-use any information or material which is offensive, abusive, defamatory, indecent, obscene, immoral, unlawful (including but not limited to child pornography) or menacing, or in breach of any intellectual property, privacy or any other rights of third parties or which might cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to anyone, or to commit a fraud or other criminal offence;
for purposes other than the genuine use of JUASAPP;
to knowingly make available or upload files that contain software or other material, data or information not owned by or licensed to you or your Users;
to send or procure the sending of any chain letters or unsolicited advertising or promotional material (“Spamming”);
to propagate computer worms or viruses;
to attempt to gain unauthorised entry to any site or network; or
contrary to any reasonable instructions we give you to protect the integrity and quality of our Services or otherwise.
in a manner which restricts or inhibits any other user of our Services from using or enjoying JUASAPP or other products or services.
(Collectively referred to as the “Prohibited Activities”).
If you breach any of the provisions of this clause above and carry out any of the Prohibited Activities we shall be entitled, at our sole discretion, to suspend or restrict your access to our services immediately or to terminate your access to our services and our terms and conditions immediately.
We may also disclose any information we have about you and your use of our services to regulatory bodies or law enforcement organisations or courts of law but only if required by law or when requested by any of them in accordance with applicable laws.
You shall fully indemnify and hold us harmless against all losses, damages and amounts (including legal fees), suffered or incurred by us arising out of or in connection with any actual or potential claims, legal and regulatory proceedings against us by a third party, resulting from your breach of this clause 6.
7. RIGHT TO MONITOR AND CONTROL
FunnyApps LLC, with the objective of guaranteeing the rights of the users and addressees of the jokes and respect current legislation may:
Proceed to the supervision of the Service by means of its administrators.
Store in its files the relative data to the I.P. address, manufacturer and model of the device, telephone carrier, as well as any other information provided by the users (e.g. user accounts in social networks such as Facebook or Google Plus) and communicate it to the Forces and Bodies of Security of the state in case that FunnyApps LLC is required for this purpose.
Temporarily disrupt the service without prior notice for technical or legal reasons that will be suitably motivated.
Modify the Terms of Use of the contents, if there’s sufficient cause or reason.
Modify the contents of the Service without communicating it previously when, for reasons of its activity it deems fit.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
FunnyApps LLC will not be responsible for the inadequate functioning of the Service if this is due to maintenance work, incidents, or problems arising from its ability to support the necessary systems to make use of the service. FunnyApps LLC will adopt appropriate measures to ensure a rapid response, without liability for the delays attributable to telecommunication services.
The user exonerates FunnyApps LLC from any liability arising from interruptions when accessing the mobile APP, driven by causes of greater force or out of its control, such as the modem, the users computer system, the navigation software, interconnections of telephone networks and/or any other transport or telecommunication infrastructure used by the user.
9. DATA PROTECTION
We have established a
Privacy Policy
to explain how we collect and use information about you and the rights you hold about it. For all the details regarding how we use the information please refer to it.
In compliance with the provisions of the General Regulation (EU) 2016/679 On Data Protection (GDPR) and other applicable regulations, we inform the user, that your data collected through the Mobile APP, will be treated by FunnyApps LLC, whose purpose is to be used to be able to provide access to the services and functionalities of the application.
JUASAPP
collects the contact information (phone number) in order to let you dial that number. But this information is not stored in JuasApp servers for other reasons than legal requirements as a Telecom Operator that we are. We just store the call detail record for each call made by you in order to comply with the International Telecommunications Rules and also so that you can keep the history of your calls made within the app.
All the information stored in our servers is encrypted and encoded so that only the application manager can see it and use it for the operation of it.
We will keep your data as long as you keep the application and then the necessary time to comply with our legal obligations.
We will not give data to third parties.
Regarding the recordings generated through the Service that are available to the user, FunnyApps LLC will not be responsible for the use, disclosure, modification of the same made by the user.
You can exercise your rights of access to data, rectification, cancellation, deletion, portability and opposition, by letter, addressed to FunnyApps LLC,
2330 Ponce de Leon - Coral Gables, Florida 33134
– United States of America, or by notifying it by sending an e-mail to support@funnyapps.co.
See our privacy policy for more detailed information on the use of the data.
10. INTELLECTUAL & INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
Subject to compliance with these Terms of Use, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, non-transferrable, limited license without right to sublicense, to use and view the contents of the application on your mobile device.
You agree that FunnyApps LLC and its licensors own all rights over the Mobile APP and its contents (including, for example, audio, pictures, video, graphics, illustrations, other visual media, copy, text, articles, advertising, software, titles, etc., the “Content”) and all code, data, and materials over it, the appearance, design of the Mobile APP and other parts of the service, compilation or aggregation of content, including the rights of the author, trademark rights, patent rights, database rights and moral rights. FunnyApps LLC reserves all right over the Mobile APP that are not expressively granted in these Terms of Use.
The license for the use of the Mobile APP granted under these Terms of Use shall be applicable unless you or FunnyApps LLC terminate it in accordance with this provision. You may cancel the license at any time by deleting all copies of the Mobile APP in your possession. Similarly, the license will terminate automatically without from FunnyApps LLC if you violate any of the provisions contained in these Terms of Use.
The use of the Service does not grant property over any content, code, data or materials that can be accessed through the Service. Any copy, rearrangement, redistribution, modification, use or publication by you of any Content or any part of the service, except for the limited rights of use granted hereby, is prohibited. All rights not expressively granted in these Terms of Use are expressively reserved. You unconditionally and irrevocably waive any and all moral rights you may have, be it now or in the existing future in or in relation with the Service.
11. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
The present conditions are subject by current US legislation that is applicable.
For the resolution of disputes that may arise as a result of the arrangements in the current provisions, and with expressive waiver to any other jurisdiction that may correspond, the User agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts of Delaware – US.
12. NULLITY AND INEFFICACY OF THE CLAUSES
If any clause of included in these Terms of Use is declared null or ineffective totally or partially, such nullity will only affect to such clause or the null or ineffective part, substituting the rest of Terms of Use.
The user agrees to read the contents of this document, which includes the Conditions of Use of the Mobile APP, as well as the Privacy Policy and expressively accepts all transactions and obligations set forth herein, which are applicable.
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
This privacy policy applies to the information that we can obtain of or about you when you use the mobile application JUASAPP (that “Mobile APP” or the “Service”).
Your privacy is important to us. To help you understand out privacy practices, we provide this notice explaining how we collect, use and disclose information about you or when you are using the Service. By using the Service, you accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy as well as the collection, disclosure and other uses of the information described below.
We comply with the General Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of April 27 On Data Protection (GDPR) and according to the same we inform you in the terms required in Article 13 thereof.
The person responsible for the treatment is FunnyApps LLC. with address in 2330 Ponce de Leon - Coral Gables, Florida 33134 – United States of America. You can contact us at support@funnyapps.co.
FunnyApps LLC has appointed a Data Protection Delegate as it considers that the privacy of the data is important to us. For any question related to privacy you can contact him at the address support@funnyapps.co
2. ABOUT THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND ITS GOAL
In relation with your use of the Service, we collect and store certain information automatically when you use the Service:
– the type of browser or mobile platform
– the operating system you use
– your IP address
– Internet service provider, referring and departure of websites, your use of the Service, … etc.
When you use the Mobile App, we may also collect information about the unique device identifier of your mobile, as well as other technical information about your device in order to serve content to it. Although the IMEI of the device is collected to be able to identify it, at no time is this data stored on the FunnyApps LLC platforms.
JUASAPP
collects the contact information (phone number) in order to let you dial that number. But this information is not stored in JuasApp servers for other reasons than legal requirements as a Telecom Operator that we are. We just store the call detail record for each call made by you in order to comply with the International Telecommunications Rules and also so that you can keep the history of your calls made within the app.
Additionally, if you register with JuasApp using your profile in social networks (eg: Facebook), we will store your identifier in the aforementioned social network. And if you use the app for iOS (Apple), we will store your phone number with which you have registered.
FUNNYAPPS LLC DOES NOT COLLECT DATA FROM THE ADDRESSEES OF THE JOKES. THE ACTIVITY OF FUNNYAPPS LLC IS TO FACILITATE A MEDIA OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS SO THE HOLDER OF THE TELEPHONE THAT DOWNLOAD THE APP, CHOOSE A JOKE AND RECORD IT, STAYING THE DATA RELATED TO THE CALLER’S RECIPIENT STORED IN THE TERMINAL OF THE OWNER WITHOUT FUNNYAPPS LLC KEEP INFORMATION FROM THE RECIPIENT’S TELEPHONE NUMBER. FUNNYAPPS LLC PROVIDES A STORAGE SERVICE IN THE CLOUD OF THE CUSTOMER’S AUDIO FILES AND AT NO TIME DISSEMINATES OR SHARES WITH ANYONE THAT INFORMATION, AS IT IS THE PRIVATE INFORMATION OF THE USER OF THE APPLICATION.
JUASAPP uses the services of login and registration of Facebook and Google as well as the means of payment of Apple (iTunes – AppStore) and Google (Play Store), but at no time processes nor (much less) stores data on means of payment of the client, given that this action is carried out exclusively by any of the companies mentioned, with which the client has contracted those services.
3. ON THE USE OF COOKIES, IDENTIFIERS, AND ACTIVITY FILE
To improve JuasApp in terms of system performance and user-friendliness, as well as providing useful information about our products and services, we automatically collect and store information in log files (log files) from your computer or terminal. This may apply to both to the websites of the service (juasapp.mobi, juasapp.it, juasapp.fr, juasapp.com, etc) as to the application itself.
That includes your IP address, type of browser, language selected, operating system, Internet service provider (ISP) as well as date and time. This information is used globally to improve JuasApp managing, analyse tendencies and collect demographic data about our users. The information collected can be user by our marketing, advertising and communication services (for example, to optimise and improve the user’s experience show special offers and more attractive services).
Furthermore, to optimise JuasApp services, messages sent by e-mail, online services, advertisements and interactive applications might use “cookies” or “anonymous identifiers” of users.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file, typically made up for letters and number, sent by our web server or application to the cookies file in your browser. This allows JuasApp to remember your presence when establishing a new connection between our server and your browser. The main purpose of a cookie is to allow our server to show personalized web sites that can turn a visit to JuasApp into an individual experience and adjusted to personal preferences.
What are identifiers or probes?
An anonymous identifier is a chain of random characters that are used with the same means as cookies en platforms in which the cookies technology is not available, including some types of mobile devices and installed applications
What type of cookies and identifiers does JuasApp employ?
Session Cookies: these are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser while you are on our website. They are necessary for certain applications or functions and allow this Site to function properly.
Persistent Cookies: promote user experience offering personalised navigation. These cookies remain on your browser for a longer period of time that may be changed in your browser setting. Persistent cookies allow information to be transferred to the server of this website every time you visit. They are also known as tracking cookies.
Third-party: JuasApp uses cookies and anonymous identifiers from Google Analytics that allow it to collect traffic data and use of it for statistical purposes and advertising (Adwords). Include the names and descriptions of all the ones you use.
Web beacons or pixel tags and tracking IDs: A web beacon is a transparent graphic image, normally no bigger than a 1×1 pixel, that is placed on a web page or in an e-mail to monitor the online behavior of the user visiting the web page or sending an e-mail. Similarly, tracking Ids are used in banner ads to allow the user to trace the origin when installing application.
Probes for metrics and remarketing: the JuasApp application uses the probes which can obtain usage statistics of the users of the app in relation to their geographic position, access operator, mobile device, etc. One example is the Google Analytics probe, which then allows users to receive a service that best suits their profile use, as well as promotions of specific services.
Deactivate cookies and identifiers
In every case, the JuasApp user has the possibility to accept or decline cookies by modifying their browser options (for the web). Please consult the instructions and manuals of your browser for more information. Remember that certain JuasApp functions may not be available after you disable cookies.
In the case of tracking features and probes for metrics and remarketing, which apply for the app, the user will be able to unsubscribe from it by uninstalling the application from their mobile device.
You can also enable the functions of Google Analytics through the following link
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
We use Google and its suppliers to customize the advertising experience. This customization includes the use of cookies or other local storage and to collect, share and use personal data in order to personalize ads. By accepting these conditions, you agree that Google and its suppliers personalize the advertising experience. In this
link
you can find the providers that Google uses.
If you do not want your advertising experience to be personalized and your data is used, you can deactivate the use of cookies in your browser. To learn more about Google’s Privacy Policy and manage it, visit
https://policies.google.com/privacy
4. REGARDING HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
Your personal data is subject to treatment by FunnyApps LLC and will be treated in accordance with the provisions of the General Regulation (EU) on Data Protection (GDPR).
FunnyApps LLC warns that the use of a credit card or the mobile app by anyone other than its owner is punishable by applicable criminal laws.
To those ends, in FunnyApps LLC’s computer records are stored the user’s IP address, the make and model of the device, the mobile carrier, profile in social network (e.g.: Facebook), the phone numbers and the exact date and time of the moment of the use or the transaction, that may be provided to the Police or to the prosecuting authorities, in case it is required for the investigation or prosecution of a crime.
5.- LEGAL BASIS OF THE TREATMENT
We base the processing of your data on your consent. If you install the app and accept the terms and conditions you give us your permission to perform data processing for the management of the app and provide the service contracted.
In addition, based on legitimate interest, we may send you commercial information by electronic means and by telephone, providing you with a means to unsubscribe at any time.
You may withdraw your consent at any time.
You expressly authorize FunnyApps LLC, to use your data for the management of your account and the sending of commercial information through any electronic means.
6.- RECIPIENTS
We will not pass your data to third parties or make use of them for purposes other than those indicated.
We will only communicate data in strict compliance with our legal, fiscal or administrative obligations or at the request of the State’s security forces.
We will keep your data during your relationship with us and subsequently the time necessary to comply with the legal obligations to which our company is obliged.
FunnyApps LLC has contracted with different hosting companies and metrics its different services to be able to provide the technical service. They are exposed below:
1and1 (Germany)
Linode (United Kingdom)
Gigas (Spain)
Orange Espagne (Spain)
BTS (Spain)
Consulting Smartic Solutions (Spain)
Google (USA)
Facebook (USA)
Apple (USA)
7.- RIGHTS AND CONSULTATIONS
The right of access, rectification and deletion, as well as limitation and portability may be exercised by interested parties, by written and signed request addressed to the person responsible for the file, indicating their name and surname, email address, Identification and attaching a photocopy of the document Proof of Identity (ID, passport, driving license, etc.). Otherwise, you must submit in writing your disagreement with any of the aspects mentioned in this paragraph.
In accordance with the provisions of the General Regulation (EU) 2016/679 On Data Protection (GDPR), you have the right to file a complaint with the data protection control authority of your country. However, in the event that you have a privacy complaint or a query regarding the information collected by FunnyApps LLC, you may contact us at support@funnyapps.co.
8.- UPDATES IN THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy can be modified periodically. We will notify you about material changes by sending a notice to the e-mail address registered with us and/ or by placing a prominent notice on our website. Your continued use of the Service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions thereof.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Report abuse