Privacy Policy
Flight Apps built the two ad-supported apps Air Traffic and Flight Board. This privacy policy applies to both of the two apps. Below let's call SERVICE any of these two apps.
The service is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform users about our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
    relation with this policy. No Personal Information is collected by the Service itself. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
The app does use two third party services that may collect information used to identify you : Google Play services and AdMob. The only intent of this is to provide
error log data
and
personalized ads
.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect
    data and information (through Play Services) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
    may include information such as your devices's Internet Protocol address, device name,
    operating system version, configuration of the app when utilising our Service, the time and date
    of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
No cookies are used
Service Providers
We employ third-party companies to the following reasons:
to provide the Service on our behalf
to provide ads
The third-party company is Google for the support of the two services : Play services and Admob.
We want to inform users of this Service that this third party has access to your Personal
    Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
    are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Personal data are only collected by Google Play Services and Admob. The service is compliant to GDPR. So in Europe users will be requested to answer if they prefer personalized ads or non personalized ads. At any time the user can change the preference heading to the 'Settings' menu option.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Personal data are only collected by Google Play Services and Admob. The service is compliant to CCPA. We use AdMob's support leveraging Restricted data processing (Google's RDP). At any time the user can change the preference heading to the 'Settings' menu option.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
    periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
    on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Last update : 2022/04/21
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us : support AT flightapps.eu