Fingerprint AppLock -Lock Apps – Kohinoor Apps
Skip to content
Kohinoor Apps
Menu
Contact
Privacy Policy
Fingerprint AppLock -Lock Apps
Fingerprint AppLock -Lock Apps
Privacy Policy
At Fingerprint AppLock, we recognize that privacy is significant.
This Privacy Policy applies to all apps (Android) under the
publisher name of “Kohinoor Apps”. We has created this Policy to
explain our privacy practices so you can understand what information
about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from
you in order to provide corresponding service and better user
experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage,
statistics, input while using our apps would be collected.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Generally. We may collect personal information from our
users in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and secure
experience. The categories of information we collect can include: email id to recover forgotten password and send intruder photo to user email , that email is stored in local storage of the application and we use that email only when password recovery is requested by user and to send the intruder photo when security breach is detected.
Non-personal identification. We may collect non-personal
identification information like
App interactions, crash reports, app analytics and such information.
HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION
We may use your information only for serving you better as below:
To personalize user experience;
To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and develop our services;
We may collect your non-personal information and use them for
market and promotion purpose.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED
We may share your non-personal information for promotion
purpose to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy
policy and the relevant privacy laws, to serve ads and analytics.
Our app uses Advertisement Identifier to show more relevant ads into our application.
SECURITY
We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your
information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use
of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
CONTACTING US / REPORTING VIOLATIONS
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our
privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of
an Application, the Services or the Site, please contact us at
kohinoorapps@gmail.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any
privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.
We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or
updates as appropriate under the circumstances.
If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your
sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the
Services and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the
Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this
Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy.
Thank You
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...
Contact
Privacy Policy
Fingerprint AppLock -Lock Apps
Kohinoor Apps
Website Powered by WordPress.com
.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Kohinoor Apps
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
%d