ï»¿
Privacy policy
Date of placement on July 13, 2016.
Updated: December 1, 2017
This Privacy Policy regulates the processing and use of personal and other data between FITNESS ONLINE LLC (OGRN 1161690142481) (the
"Company"
), which owns the FitnessOnline application located on the Apple AppStore and Google Play Internet store
(the "Application")
, and the User This application (
"User"
,
"You"
).
By transmitting to the Company personal and other data through the Application, the User confirms his consent to use the data specified on the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If the User does not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, he must stop using the Application.
An unconditional acceptance of this Privacy Policy is the beginning of the use of the Application by the User.
1.
TERMS
1.
The application is
an application located in the Apple AppStore and Google Play online store called FitnessOnline and available for download on the official website at http://www.FitnessOnline.me.
All exclusive rights to the Application and its individual elements (including software, design) belong to the Company in full. The transfer of exclusive rights to the User is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
2.
User
is the person using the Application.
3.
Client
is the category of the User who has his personal profile in the Application and uses the Application to communicate with other Users, exchange information, maintain a log of his training with the opportunity to use the paid services provided by the Trainer.
4.
Trainer
is the category of the User who has his personal profile in the Annex and uses the Application to communicate with other Users, the exchange of information with the possibility of providing paid services.
5.
Paid service(s)
— services provided by Trainers on the basis of the
User Agreement.
6.
Legislation
is current legislation of the Russian Federation.
7.
Personal data
is personal data of the User, which the User provides about himself on Registration or in the process of using the Application functionality.
8.
Data
is other data about the User (not included in the concept of Personal Data).
9.
The Registration
is a creating of a new User account in the Application by entering the information required for registration in the registration form or logging in using the available social networks.
10.
The registration form
is a form located in the Application, which the User must complete for the Registration in the Application.
2.
COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
1. The company collects and stores only those Personal Data that are necessary to provide the opportunity to use the paid services of the Trainer and for full interaction with other Users.
2. Personal data can be used for the following purposes:
1. rendering of paid services to the Client;
2. identification of the User;
3. interaction with the User;
4. direction to the User of promotional materials, information and inquiries;
5. conducting statistical and other research;
6. processing of the user payments;
7. monitoring of the User"s operations in order to prevent fraud, unlawful rates, money laundering.
3. The company also processes the following data:
1. mobile phone number.
2. passport data;
3. e-mail address;
4. a surname, a name and a patronymic;
4. The user is prohibited from specifying in the Appendix personal data of the third parties.
3.
PROCEDURE FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL AND OTHER DATA
1. The Company undertakes to use Personal Data in accordance with the Federal Law "On Personal Data" No. 152-FZ of July 27, 2006 and the Company"s internal documents.
2. With respect to the Personal Data and other User Data, their confidentiality is preserved, except when these data are publicly available.
3. The Company has the right to maintain an archival copy of Personal Data and Data, including after the deletion of the User"s account.
4. The Company has the right to transfer Personal Data and User Data without the User"s consent to the following persons:
1. state bodies, including the bodies of inquiry and investigation, and local self-government bodies on their reasoned request;
2. partners of the Company;
3. in other cases, expressly provided by the current legislation of the Russian Federation.
5. The Company has the right to transfer Personal Data and Data to third parties not specified in item 3.4. this Privacy Policy, in the following cases:
1. the transfer takes place within the framework of the sale or other transfer of the business (in whole or in part), while to the acquire assumes all obligations to comply with the terms of this Policy.
2. the transfer is necessary within the User"s use of the Application or the assistance of the Paid Services to the User;
3. The user expressed his consent to such actions;
6. The company performs automated processing of the Personal Data and Data.
4.
THE CHANGING OF THE PERSONAL DATA
1. The User may at any time modify (update, supplement) Personal Data by editing his profile in the Application, or by sending a written application to the Company.
2. The user has the right to delete Personal Information at any time .
3. The User guarantees that all Personal Data is current and does not apply to the third parties.
5.
THE PROTECTION OF THE PERSONAL DATA
1. The Company properly protects Personal and other data in accordance with the Legislation and takes necessary and sufficient organizational and technical measures to protect Personal Data.
2. The applied protection measures, among other things, allow to protect Personal Data from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other illegal actions of the third parties with them.
6.
OTHER PROVISIONS
1. To this Privacy Policy and the relationship between the User and the Company arising in connection with the application of the Privacy Policy, the law of the Russian Federation is applicable.
2. All possible disputes arising from this Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with applicable law at the place of registration of the Company.
3. Before applying to the court, the User must comply with the mandatory pre-trial procedure and send the relevant claim in writing to the Company. The period for responding to a claim is 30 (thirty) working days.
4. If, for one reason or another, one or more of the provisions of the Privacy Policy are found to be invalid or unenforceable, this does not affect the validity or applicability of the remaining provisions of the Privacy Policy.
5. The Company has the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time (in whole or in part) unilaterally without prior consent of the User. All changes come into force from the moment of their publication on the website at
https://fitnessonline.app/
and in the Application.
6. The User undertakes to independently monitor the changes in the Privacy Policy by reviewing the current version.
7.
CONTACT INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
1. E-mail: info@FitnessOnline.me
2. Address: Republic of Tatarstan, Kazan, street Adoratsky, 39B