Detox Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Detox Privacy Policy
Detox Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve and inform those who are concerned about how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used. Please read this privacy policy carefully to have a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our mobile application(app).
What personal information do we collect from the users of our app?
When using our app, if you are using the ‘Make Calls’ phone feature your calls are temporarily monitored while your screen is locked. We do not record any information about your calls, at all. The call state of your phone is only being monitored to decide if the lock function should be temporarily disabled to allow you to take, make or reject a call.
When do we collect information?
As explained above no personally identifiable information is collected, we just use an Android Permission to monitor the call state of your phone(for example but not limited to: ringing, off hook, idle).
How do we use your information?
As explained above the call state of your phone is only used to decide if the lock in the app should be temporarily disabled.
Crash Reporting/Log Data
We also want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in cases of crashes and errors in the app we collect data and information(through third party services) on your phone. This data(log data) may include information such as your device’s Internet Protocol(“IP) address, device name, operating system/version, configuration of the app, the time and date of use and other statistics for bug reporting.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, crash analysis, advertising, or other uses. We do reference your Advertising ID purely for advertising purposes.
Contact Us
This privacy policy may change at any point without notice. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
detox.app.now@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse