park4night - Sharing cool places, camping car areas, van
Skip to main
My Account
Login
Your advertisement here
Search
Help
FAQ
Responsible traveller's charter
Videos
Contact us
Partners
Advertisers
Webstore
Vidéos
Language
French
English
German
Dutch
Italian
Spanish
park4night
> Legal Notice
Legal Information
The website www.park4night.com is published and operated by :
AppMobilEdition SAS
SAS with a capital of 500 Euros
Address : 70 Quai Jules Bouvat 07130 Saint Péray, FRANCE
E-mail : contact@park4night.com
Owners of the Publication : Bertrand FICHTER / Frédéric DELAMARE
Hosting of the website
OVH
SAS with a capital of 10,000,000 € RCS Roubaix – Tourcoing 424 761 419 00045
Code APE 6202A - N° TVA : FR 22 424 761 419
Registered head office : 2 rue Kellermann 59100 Roubaix - France.
CGU
AppMobilEdition SAS (70 quai Dr Jules Bouvat 07130 Saint-Péray / France) is the publisher of the park4night application.
park4night is a community application that allows users to share places to stay with motorhomes, van or van.
Use of this service is for strictly personal, non-profit, direct or indirect use and for use as private correspondence.
The addition of places belonging to private persons must in no case be added without their prior authorization.
AppMobilEdition SAS cannot guarantee the accuracy or legality of information exchanged including parking places or other, all kinds of description including addresses, contact details, prices, comments and photos.
AppMobilEdition SAS reserves the right to moderate, delete or modify any information such as parking places or other, all kinds of descriptions, addresses, contact details, price comments and photos that our team will consider useful.
It is the sole responsibility of each user to ensure the legality, relevance and respect of its parking on a case by case basis.
AppMobilEdition SAS can not be held responsible for actions and consequences that may result from using the information obtained through the park4night application.
You can submit any errors or suggestions directly from the application.
park4night is copyrighted and the exclusive property of AppMobilEdition SAS.
park4night does not authorize any full or partial copy on any medium without the express prior permission of AppMobilEdition SAS.
Privacy Rule
DATA CONTROLLER
When you use our application, your personal data which you provide shall be processed by AppMobilEdition SAS, contact e-mail: contact@park4night.com, as data controller.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
In order to use our app you don’t have to register an account. However, if you want to fully enjoy the functionalities of park4night, such as: adding commentaries, adding photos of places, adding new places, you will create an account; In this case the minimum necessary personal data to be provided are: e-mail address, username (created by you, it does not have to be your real name).
We might collect other information, not considered as personal data, such as: type of your vehicle, preferred language, descriptions deriving from comments and photos.
Our app uses Google Analytics which is a service offered by Google that generates detailed statistics about our app's traffic. This service is provided by Google according to Google's privacy policy.WHAT IS THE
INFORMATION USED FOR?
Your email address is used to: register your account, log in to your account and may be used to contact you if necessary.
- Your username is used to register your account and log in to your account. When you use the functionalities of our app, such as adding places, adding commentaries, adding photos, your username is used to show what you post.
- Your email address can be also used for the purpose of sending you our newsletter, only if you give us your separate consent.
- When registering to our app you can give us a separate consent to receive on your email information about our partners.
- We do not disclose any of your personal data, except username, which is published in the app together with commentaries, places or photos which you post. In the result thereof, your username, as well as places, commentaries and photos which you add are disclosed within the app for the users of our app (registered and non-registered), as well as on our website.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
Apart from what we have written above, we do not share any of your information, including username and email address, with third parties unless requested by law.
IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA SECURED?
We handle the data of our users in a secured infrastructure. We have implemented encryption of transmission when you provide your data over the Internet.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our policy, we will post these changes on this page and inform you about it.
Your advertisement here
Last places added/changed
(12330) Valady, 19 Coumbarse
Lieu calme pour étape nuit. 2 places max. Terrain de sport, plus espace jeux pour enfant.
3
Awaiting check by an administrator
(87270) Couzeix, 31 Rue Benoist du Buis
A proximité de limoges, 10 min en voitures, proches des arrets de bus (10 min a pieds)...
Awaiting check by an administrator
(00035) ,
SORGENTE SACCO

AREA SOSTA CAMPER ROULOTTE E TENDE

AREA PIC-NIC - BARBECUE - PERCORSO...
1
Awaiting check by an administrator
(91022) Marinella, 101 Strada Statale 115
Restaurant mi großzügigem Parkplatz 
super Vorspeisen Buffet, gute Pizzeria,...
1
Awaiting check by an administrator
(ME18 6HG) Yalding,  Hampstead Lane
Free unrestricted parking by the river. This gets packed out pretty quick during the...
3
Awaiting check by an administrator
Your advertisement here
Join the
park4night
community now!
park4night
Surrounded by nature
Parking lot day/night
Rest area
Picnic area
Free motorhome area
Paying motorhome area
Private car park for campers
Off road (4x4)
On the farm (farm, vineyard ...)
Camping
Service area without parking
Daily parking lot only
Homestays accommodation
Extra services
MH parking without services
About park4night
Volunteers
Press
Mentions légales
Responsible traveller's charter
Communication
Contact us