MB Player - Privacy Policy
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Monday, 12 August 2019
Introduction:
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you to understand how Wasi Studio deals with the personal identifiable information PII) you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the google Play Platform).
Privacy Policy:
Use of the software is also governed by Wasi Studio Privacy Policy, which is incorporated here in by reference. Your privacy is important to us. We designed Wasi Studio Privacy Policy to make important disclosures about how we collect and use your information. We encourage you to read the Wasi Studio Privacy Policy carefully and use it to make informed decisions.
Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application and even we didn’t keep track of the consumers' visits of our application, we even don't have a Server to store such PII.
The only situation we may get access to your PII is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report. The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address and your survey response only.
In above situation, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains. It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision.
About Ads:
Wasi Studio uses Facebook and google Admod as ads provider. Facebook and google Admod wants to show ads that are relevant to you. For more information, please check https://m.facebook.com/ads/ad_choices or https://admob.google.com/home/ .
Intellectual Property Policy:
Wasi Studio develops the Mobile Application Software independently. You acknowledge and agree that Wasi Studio retains all copyrights, trademarks, patents, business secrets, including all intellectual property rights and any other related rights, titles, and interests with regard to this Software.
Limitations of Liabilities and Disclaimer:
You acknowledge and agree that the mobile application Software and related services may have potential risks. In no event shall Wasi Studio be liable for any risks.
Termination:
You have the right to fully and permanently remove the application from your mobile device at any time and terminate this Agreement.
Contact Us:
If you have concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy or any copyright issue and what it means, please feel free to email us at wasistudio786@gmail.com, we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.
Copyright 2019, Wasistudio.com
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Service
Tags: MB Player is one of the Fast, Lightweight, attractive and easy to use video and music player. It supports all video formats, 4K/ultra HD video files and plays them with high-definition.