Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Get All Browser Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Get All Browser. Your use of the Get All Browser ("Application"), That agreement is comprised of these Terms of Service and Company's Privacy Policy (collectively the "Terms").
Acceptance of Terms. In order to use the Services, you must first agree to the Terms. You may not use the Services if you do not accept the Terms. You can accept the Terms by using the Services. In this case, you understand and agree that Company will treat your use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards. You may not use the Services and may not accept the Terms if: (i) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with Company; or (ii) you are a person barred from receiving the Services under the laws of the United States or other countries, including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Services.
Changes to Terms. Company may change the Terms from time to time. When these changes are made, Company will post the revised Terms here. You understand and agree that if you use the Services after the date on which the applicable Terms have changed, your use constitutes acceptance of the updated Terms.
Requirements. You agree to use the Application only for purposes that are permitted by the Terms and any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices in the relevant jurisdictions.
Intellectual Property. Please take note, that our Products provide tools to download video and audio content from the Internet, You, the user and customer of our company, are solely responsible for unauthorized downloading and use of copyrighted content. If You are not sure whether or not downloadable content is protected by copyright laws, You shall contact the owner or publisher of such content first and ask for permission to download it.
We have no resources and ability to review downloads made by our users. We respect the rights of copyright owners and holders and do our best to safeguard them, including having the process of reviewing copyright violation notices and removing websites with copyrightable content or online links to copyrightable content from our program extensions so it will not be able to download from that website or online address.
OUR COMPANY HEREBY EXPRESSLY DECLARES THAT IT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED DOWNLOADS AND USE OF COPYRIGHTED CONTENT MADE BY OUR USERS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU BEAR ENTIRE LIABILITY, IF ANY, FOR COPYRIGHT VIOLATIONS.
Analytics - We use third party analytics tool, Google Analytics and umeng to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the service. Google Analytics and umeng collects information such as how often users visit our services, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other pages they use prior to coming to our services. We use the information get from Google Analytics only to improve our services.
Acknowledgment. You acknowledge and agree that: (a) you have read and understood the Terms; (b) the Terms are fair, reasonable, and not unduly restrictive; and (c) you have had the opportunity to confer with legal counsel of your choice prior to agreeing to the Terms.
How we use your information
In above situation, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
Contact us
It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us , we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse