Skip to content
DK Technologies Privacy Option
Privacy Policy -:
We at “ DK Technologies “ know that you care about how your information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. This is why we have designed our services to keep consumer privacy in mind.To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers’ visits of our application, we even don’t have a Server to store such personal information. We has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you can understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage, statistics, input while using our apps would be collected.
We Collect Personal Information -:
Personal information is a data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a person.(For e.g.Name,age email address) .
when you create a user account, send an error report or participate in online surveys. we don’t collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
We Collect Non Personal Information -:
We may collect non personal identification information about installed application, application usage information and device information, phone model , etc .To have better understanding in user’s behaviour, solve problems in services. When you view and interact with our content, how you use them and which services you use.
How Your Information May Be Disclosed -:
Personal Information – We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
Non-Personal Information -We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
We may disclose your non-personal information for promotion purpose to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws.
Third- Party Sites -:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
Security -:
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
Contact Us -:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
dktechnologies5223@gmail.com
Advertisement
dktechnologiesprivacyoption
Uncategorized
Leave a comment
April 5, 2018
April 5, 2018
2 Minutes
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
dktechnologiesprivacyoption.wordpress.com
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
dktechnologiesprivacyoption.wordpress.com
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Report this content
View site in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar