Privacy Policy
Skip to content
futureapps
Home
Tech Blogs
Subscribe
About us
Privacy Policy
Hidden Camera Detector &
Hidden Camera Detector Gold
Privacy policy is divided into 3 components.
1. App permissions 2. Data collection 3. Data collection by third party.
App Permissions
App need following permissions:
Camera Permission
: Features, namely Lens Detector and Infrared Camera Detector need camera permission to detect lens and infrared camera respectively. However app only need camera permission for the preview and do not capture any photo or video (hence app do not ask for storage permission).
Bluetooth Permission
:  Bluetooth permission is required to scan nearby Bluetooth & BLE devices to detect BLE cameras. App do not connect to any Bluetooth device.
Location Permission
: Location permission is required to detect wireless camera. Location permission is required to scan nearby WiFi and WiFi Direct devices in Android. iOS version do not ask for this permission. For Android 9+ Devices, it is mandatory, not only to have location permission but also Location (GPS) must be ON to scan nearby W-Fi devices.
For more information, you can read restrictions section from android
https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/wifi-scan#wifi-scan-restrictions
Data Collection
Both the apps do not collect any personally identifiable information. (PII).
App may collect some information like if the device has magnetic sensor or not but it is only for statistical purpose and we as developers can not identify specific device or user with that information. App do not collect any information about the device except sensor availability.
App uses Google Firebase analytics for analytical purpose. The data collection by analytics will be covered under data collection by third party section of this page.
We as developers do not share any analytical information with any third party.
We do not own any database server to store any user information from this app.
Data Collection by third party
App uses Google firebase analytics for the analytical purpose. The information collected by Google with this framework and their privacy policy will be covered under
this link.
App uses Google Admob and Startapp for the advertisements. (Except iOS & Gold version). For Google Admob – See
this link
and for Startapp – See
this link
Want to know about privacy policy? Read 
3 important things to check for in the privacy policy