Skip to content
Menu
DJ Apps Privacy Policy
Privacy  Policy -:
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by “
DJ Apps Studio
” through our Mobile Applications and how we use that information. Also Our Product Category such as Photography, Entertainment, Tools, Utility, Personalization. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage, statistics, input while using “
DJ Apps Studio
” would be collected. By using our apps you understand and agree that we are Providing a Platform for you to Post content, including Photos, Voices, Comments and Other Materials, to the Product and to share User Content Publicly.
Personal identification information -:
We don’t collect, store or use any personal information like email id, device id etc. from user while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
Non-personal identification information -:
Non personal information such as cookies, device information will be get by third party advertisement tool – Admob in some of the apps where ads are integrated to better serve ads.
Permissions used -:
Internet
and
WIFI
permission used in our Application.
Access Network State
permission to check the  internet Connection.
External Storage or Internal Storage
Permission is needed for Images for app .
Camera Permission
is required to take Pictures.
For other permissions to use in app we ask user, if they granted then they will use application functionality.
Security –
“
DJ Apps Studio
” is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
Contacting Us -:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at
djapps1303@gmail.com
.
djappsstudioprivacypolicy
Uncategorized
Leave a comment
July 5, 2018
July 5, 2018
1 Minute
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
djappsstudioprivacypolicy.wordpress.com
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
djappsstudioprivacypolicy.wordpress.com
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Report this content
View site in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started