Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how we use the data we collect from you when you use our Photo Sherlock
        application (Service).
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation
        to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the
        Service.
What data do we collect?
We collect the following data in mobile app:
Image files. You upload image you want to search by to our Service. We use Microsoft Bing Visual Search to 
            provide search by image functionality. The images you upload may be used to improve Bing image processing services.
Approximate or precise location - physical location of your device. This data is collected for analytics,
            advertising or marketing, fraud prevention, security, and compliance.
App interactions - some details about how you interact with the app, for example the name of a screen you
            visit, how often do you visit it, the time you spend in the app. This data is collected for analytics,
            advertising or marketing, fraud prevention, security, and compliance.
App and device diagnostics - app performance data and device details, such as app launch speed, device brand
            and model, free RAM and Storage, and other technical details. This data is collected for analytics,
            advertising or marketing, fraud prevention, security, and compliance. Data may include information such as
            your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of
            the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Device or other IDs - data that identifies an individual device or app, such as Firebase installation ID or
            advertising identifier. This data is collected for analytics, advertising or marketing, fraud prevention,
            security, and compliance.
Crash logs - data that represents the details of the crash such as stack trace, date and time of the crash,
            operating system, and other details. This data is collected for analytics.
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide us with image files, we collect and process this data when you do search by image.
We also receive your data in mobile app indirectly using third-party analytics services such as Google Analytics
        for Firebase, Firebase Crashlytics. Third-party services are used due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To perform Service-related services;
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
How will we use your data?
Image files you send us are used to provide you the possibility to search by photo. The images you upload may be used to 
        improve Microsoft Bing image processing services. To learn more about how Microsoft processes your data you can use the 
        following link:
Microsoft Privacy Statement
.
Data collected indirectly in the mobile app by third-party services is used for analytics, advertising, fraud
        prevention, security, and compliance. For these purposes your data is shared with third-party services such as
        Google Analytics for Firebase, Firebase Crashlytics, Google AdMob.
To learn more about data collection of third-party services you can use the following links:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
How do we store your data?
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving
        to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
        the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
        its absolute security.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent
        to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory. When you visit
        our website, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
How do we use cookies?
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies
        to serve ads based on your prior visits to our website or other websites. Google's use of advertising cookies
        enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our sites and/or other sites on the
        Internet.
        You may opt out of personalised advertising used on website by visiting
Ads Settings
.
What types of cookies do we use?
We use advertising cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the
        links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. We sometimes share some
        limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data
        collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may
        be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
Privacy policies of other websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our Service, so if you click
        on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy. Note that these external sites are not
        operated by us. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
        practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
We do not allow to use our app if you are under the age of 13. Our Services do not address anyone under the age
        of 13.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for
        any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are
        effective immediately after they are posted on this page. This privacy policy was last updated on 20 March
        2023.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of
        your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at:
appsmotorrr@gmail.com