Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of Taiwan Transport Guide (雙鐵時刻表), TienEn Wu
Last modified: Feb. 15, 2017
Preface
In the belief of TienEn Wu ("We"), the privacy of our users is so important that we determine to recognize it as the highest priority. The Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to using applications of TienEn Wu  ("Applications") on two platforms (Android and iOS) and the related services we provide ("Services"). We claim the Policy to demonstrate what information about the users is revealed, collected, and conducted when taking advantage of our Applications and the Services.

It is certainly that users have to agree our Policy while using our Applications and Services. The Policy includes only our reveal, collection and conduction of users' information while using our Applications and Services. Nevertheless, it excludes the reveal, collection and conduction of the third parties via any applications or services those we do not take over or own, such as Google, Yahoo, Facebook, or any third party features or services made available through our Applications as well as Services. All intellectual property of third parties featured on our Applications or Services belong to their respective owners.

Chapter 1 . WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT

A. Personal Information
We do not collect personal information. This is the information that identifies you or the other person, and may be transmitted or received while using our Applications or Services. It contains names, physical addresses, email addresses, geographic information, telephone, fax information and etc., those stored in your Device and mentioned before.

B. Non-personal Information
This is about users when they take advantage of our Applications. In other words, likely it can include the technical information of your phone, the means of connection to our Applications, for instance, phone model and other similar information.
a. Session and Usage Data
Those are about your use of Applications and Services including, without limitation, connection and service-related data submitted to us via your use of our Applications and Services. As mentioned, they consist of the information related to the connection requests, server communication and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, and date, time and location of the bump. We also may conduct Session and Usage data as described in Aggregate Information below. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not contain any Personal Information nor the content (e.g.:calendar, photos, contacts ) you transmit or share through our Applications and Services.
b. Log Data
When you interact with us or make use of our Applications and Services, our systems may automatically collect your unique User Device number, the IP address, type of browser or operating system, and the dates and times of your use.
c. Aggregate Information
This is the data we collect about the information on how you and the others take advantage of our Applications and Services and may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Applications, the Services and the Site, but no personal information will be stored in the resulting Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information helps us understand trends of users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise modify our Applications and Services.

Chapter 2 . HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION

Personal Information
Since we do not collect Personal Information, we do not take advantage of it.
B. Non- Personal Information
We likely use Non-Personal Information for some purpose as described below：
a. To personalize user experience
We may use your Non- Personal Information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends of users.
b. To help develop our service
We may make use of Non-Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and modify our Applications and Services.
c. To further develop TienEn Wu business
We may use Non-Personal Information for promotion and marketing purposes.

Chapter3 . HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE REVEALED

A. Personal Information
Normally speaking, we make use of Session and Usage Data internally to serve our Users and enable them to take maximum advantage of our Applications and Services. However, we do not store as well as reveal your Personal Information.
B. Non-Personal Information. We possibly reveal Non-Personal Information to our trusted partners who shall abide by this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.

Chpater4 . THIRD- PARTIES

Normally speaking, our Applications and Services access third party information (such as your Google or Facebook registration information) via application interfaces. We may provide links to third-parties Web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our Users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site. We do not collect your information on and through and This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us.

Chpater5 . USERS WITH WHOM YOU SHARE YOUR INFORMATION

We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using an Application, the Services or the Site (including via Forums) or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.

Chapter6 . SECURITY

We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.

Chapter7 . INTERNATIONAL USERS

Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities, and by using an Application, the Services or the Site you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to countries, including the United States, which may be outside of your country of residence and may provide for different and less stringent data protection rules than in your country. If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used as described in this Policy, please do not use any Application, the Services or the Site and immediately delete all Applications from your User Devices.

Chapter8 . SENSITIVE INFORMATION

We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.

Chapter9. USAGE PROBLEM

 Since we are not official application, so we are not responsible for any loss/damage when you are using this app. Including but not limited to such as payment issue, order a wrong date ticket and so on.

Chapter10 . CONTACTING US / REPORTING VIOLATIONS

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of our Applications and Services, please contact us at adrian_wang@dual-rail.com.tw.

Chapter10¥1 . CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify or otherwise alter this Policy at any time. You must review this Policy on a regular basis to keep yourself apprised of any changes. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.