Privacy Policy | BSNL Portal
Toll Free Numbers
1800-180-1500 (
LL/BB
)
1800-180-1503 (
GSM
)
Android
WP8
IOS
BlackBerry
Sign in
Contact us
portalhelpdesk@bsnl.co.in
Menu
Home
Landline
Mobile
Recharge
Transactions
View Bills
Complaints
Customer Care
Sign In
COVID-19
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BSNL is committed for ensuring that to  protect the privacy of it`s customers. BSNL shall  ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
1.	This privacy policy provides you with an insight into the manner of collections, use, disclosure and security of your personal information.
2.	What constitutes "personal information"?
Personal Information is information and / or data which enables BSNL to identify you and assists us in serving you  better. We assume that the personal information disclosed by you to BSNL is accurate and complete. You undertake to intimate us in case there is any change in the personal information.
3.	BSNL may use this personal information for the purposes of
Verification of your identity
Providing assistance in relation to subscription, identification, management and improvement of services
To assess credit worthiness
Ascertaining your needs / requirements to enhance our services to meet your expectations in a better way
My BSNL App collects location data to enable book my fiber feature even when the app is closed or not in use.
4.	BSNL may also use such personal information to communicate  you promotional and marketing material in relation to launches of new product(s), service(s), offer(s) including by way of direct mail, telemarketing, SMS and MMS messages. You acknowledge that such personal information may be analyzed, processed and used by other organizations on BSNL's behalf for providing BSNL's services. BSNL will nevertheless retain control of such data.
5.	BSNL will never share such personal information with other cellular service providers, banks, credit card companies etc. or their officers / agents / affiliates in any manner which may culminate in invasion of your privacy. As clarified above, BSNL may from time to time appoint agencies to provide you with BSNL's services and / or promote its offers, and for this purpose your personal information may be disclosed to such agencies.
6.	BSNL clarifies that, for promptness and completeness of delivering its services to you, BSNL may have to or be required to disclose the personal information to entity (ies) within and outside BSNL. These organizations are involved in providing -
Customer services
Mailing services
Billing and debt-recovery services
Information technology services
Service maintenance
Market research services
BSNL will take all possible measures to ensure that your personal information is kept secure and all related privacy and confidentiality requirements are fulfilled by these organizations.
7.	Apart from the above, BSNL may divulge your personal information to:
Your duly authorised representatives
Credit-reporting and fraud-checking organizations
BSNL's professional consultants, which may include accountants, auditors and lawyers
Government bodies, Regulatory Authorities, and other organizations in accordance with the law or as authorised by law
Entities that handle BSNL's business and corporate strategies, which may include those concerned with a transfer / sale of all or part of it's assets or business (accounts and trade receivables), and those organizations which manage BSNL's corporate risk and funding functions (which could include securitization)
8.	The personal information may also be divulged by BSNL if it believes in good faith that such divulgence is in conformity with legal requirements or in compliance of a legal process or to safeguard and preserve the rights and property of BSNL and all its other users, including for security purposes.
9.	All employees and contractors of BSNL, in the performance of their duties, are mandated by BSNL to act consistently with BSNL's protocols and legal requirements in relation to privacy. BSNL is highly committed to keeping your personal information secure and ensures that your private information remains protected and no outside agency (ies) has access to it. We constantly re-evaluate our information security protocols to determine how best to fulfill our existing obligations in this regard.
10. BSNL reserves the right to amend and / or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you and for any reason whatsoever or in pursuance of any modification in privacy legislation or subsequent legislation. It is recommended that you regularly check for updates to the Privacy Policy. If you have any query in regards to this Privacy Policy or the security and management of your personal information, please feel free to contact us on webmaster@bsnl.co.in
About us
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd. was incorporated on 15th September 2000. It took over the business of providing of telecom services and network management from the erstwhile Central Government Departments of Telecom Services (DTS) and Telecom Operations (DTO), with effect from 1st October 2000 on going concern basis. It is one of the largest & leading public sector units providing comprehensive range of telecom services in India.
Our Contacts
Corporate Office
Bharat Sanchar Bhavan, Harish Chandra Mathur Lane
Janpath, New Delhi-110 001, Phone: 1800-345-1500
Corporate Identity Number
(CIN) : U74899DL2000GOI107739
Customer Care
Landline / Broadband
1800-345-1500
GSM Postpaid / Prepaid
1800-180-1503
2017 © BSNL ITPC Development. ALL Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
|
Legal Disclaimer