WhatSaga: Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
WhatSaga: Privacy Policy
WhatSaga: Privacy Policy
End User Licence Agreement
By using this app, you agree to accept the following Terms and Conditions.
WhatSaga (hereinafter referred to as "the app") is created and maintained by Irshad P I and Atul Nair (hereinafter referred to as "developers").
1. Privacy Policy.
The app is not collecting any personal information. The app collects Android Advertisement ID strictly for analytical purposes. This information is not shared with anyone or used without consent of user. The app may collect Anonymous usage information to use for analytical purposes.
2. Right to ownership and modification.
Developers has complete rights to the application and can modify, delete or unpublish it at any point of time without prior notice.
3. Non-liability on content.
The content provided by the app is taken from the storage of user itself and app will have no liability over the type of content.
4. Restriction on Abuse.
Developers would not be responsible for any abuse, crime or similar deed that the user did which involves the app directly or otherwise.
User shall have sole responsibility for how he uses the app.
5. Copyright notice.
Users are discouraged to use copyrighted material with the app and developers shall have no liability on them.
6. Non-liability notice.
If the application is terminated for some reason or it stops working, developers cannot be held responsible for it.
Developers are also not liable to refund of purchased in-app products in such an event.
7. Affiliation with other apps.
The app is not affiliated with any other apps including messaging apps or WhatsApp. Developers shall not be responsible or questionable for any issues and-or problems that happened from other applications while using this app.
8. No warranty
The app is provided "as is" with no insurance or warranty of any kind.
Developers shall not be liable for any cost and-or problems that the user might incur from the use of this app directly or indirectly.
9. Authority over the Terms and Conditions
This terms and conditions are not final and could be changed at any time by developers without prior notice and the most recent version available in the latest update of the application in the play store.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse