Rowdy Studios
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Rowdy Studios
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
-
February 25, 2021
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. Rowdy Studios has a few guiding principles:
1. User Consent.
By submitting Personal Data through our App or Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2. Types of Data We Collect.
"Personal Data" means data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address. We don't allow you to send Rowdy Studios critically important information like your usernames, passwords, account notes, and master PIN; instead your master PIN is used locally to encrypt the important data that's sent to us so that no one, including Rowdy Studios employees ever can access it. We don't ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. We don't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights. We don't store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of our apps.
If you log on to the Service with your login credentials from a social networking site (e.g., Facebook or Twitter), we may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from such social networking site, in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such social networking site. For example, Facebook may share your friend list with us, in order to help us establish your Account and find other Service users that you know. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via the Service.
3. Locker Apps Users
This includes users of apps with encryption features developed by Rowdy Studios. Your information entered into the apps, for example email address, passwords, credit card numbers are PIN-protected so that only you should have secure access to adding and editing stored information. The user is responsible in protecting the security of their PIN and stored information. The apps are designed with internal security processes that encrypt stored data with 128-bit/256-bit AES encryption.
4. Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Rowdy Studios collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Rowdy Studios purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Rowdy Studios visitors use its website. From time to time, Rowdy Studios may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
5. Security of Your Personal Data.
We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your Account information. Please do not disclose your Account password to unauthorized people. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
6. Enforcement.
We conduct periodic self-assessments to verify that we comply with the Safe Harbor Principles, that the attestations and assertions we make about our privacy practices are true, and that such privacy practices have been implemented as presented in this Privacy Policy. We will take reasonable steps to remedy any non-compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles found as a result of any self-assessment.
7. Privacy Statement Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Rowdy Studios may change its Privacy Statement from time to time, and in Rowdy Studios sole discretion. Rowdy Studios encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Statement. If you have any complaints regarding our adherence to this Privacy Policy or our compliance with the Safe Harbor program, please first contact us by e-mail at admin@innorriors.com. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any such complaints in accordance with the principles contained in this Privacy Policy.
8. Contact Information.
We welcome your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please e-mail us at therowdyapps@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Rowdy Studios
Visit profile
Archive
February 2021
1
Report Abuse