Instore Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Instore Privacy Policy
Instore Privacy Policy
Everyday Apps by Appytome Tech
built the Instore- Story Saver app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by
Everyday Apps by Appytome Tech
at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Instore- Story Saver unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Fabric
Flurry Analytics
One Signal
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
“We collect Instagram username after the user logs in solely for analytics purposes”
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-02-11
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
admin@appytome.com
Privacy Policy of Instore
Instore respects and protects the privacy of individuals from all official websites and user communities that are related to Instore. This Instore Privacy Policy (hereinafter, this “
Privacy Policy
“) provides: without obtaining your prior consent, we will not intentionally disclose any contents that relates to your personal privacy to any third party unless otherwise stipulated herein.
What Information Will We Collect?
a. We Do Not Collect Personal Information.
Personal Information includes your geographical location information, name, address, email, telephone number, fax number, the information you stored on your device, and the information to identify you or other individuals when you use applications, services or websites.
b. Non-Personal Information.
When users interact with our application, we may collect non-personal-identity information associated with the user. Non-personal-identity information may include your phone’s model, version of Android and other similar information.
(1)
Session and Available Data. “Session and Available Data”
refers to data information relevant to connections and services that you provide to us when you use an application, service or website, including but not limited to, when you use our applications, services or websites. Session and Available Data includes information related to connection request, server communication and data sharing, including network testing, quality of service, date, time, and place / location. Gathering of information as described below, we may also gather Session and Available Data. Please note that Session and Available Data does not include any personal information, nor does it include any content that you might use applications (such as photo, contact, calendar, etc.), services, or website to send or share.
(2)
Login Data
When you interact with us, or use applications, services or our website, our system may automatically collect your unique user device serial number, IP address, the type of your browser or operating system, and the date and time that you use (the “
Login Data
“).
(3)
Summary Information. “Summary Information”
refers to the data that we collected from a group or service type or users, in which users’ personal identity information has been removed. In other words, the information of how you use the application, services and websites may be collected and combined with how other individuals use the applications, services and websites, but personal identity information will not be included in the ultimate Summary Information. Summary Information can help us understand user demand trends, so that we can better develop new features, or provide tailor-made applications, services and websites.
2. How We Use Collected Information?
a.
Personal Information
–
Since we do not collect Personal Information, we will not use your Personal Information in any way.
b.
Non-Personal Information.
We may use Non-Personal Information for the following purposes:
(1)
For Personalized User Experience
–
We may use your Non-Personal Information to understand your user characteristics, and other trends related to user’s habits;
(2)
To Help Improve Our Service
–
We may use Non-Personal Information to provide, maintain, enhance and improve our applications, services and websites, and the development of new services.
(3)
For the Further Development
of Instore –
We might use Non-Personal Information for market promotion and development purposes.
3. The Possibility of Personal Information Being Disclosed
a.
Personal Information.
We do not store Personal Information, so your Personal Information cannot be disclosed by us.
b.
Non-Personal Information.
We will not match non-personal information and personal information (such as numbering your name and your user-specific device).
Users Sharing Your Information
We can not control the behavior of other users you share your data with. We cannot and will not control the behaviors of other users that you share information with when you use an application, service or website (including online forum), or how such users will use or share such information. We will not be responsible for any behavior or conduct of third party circumventing our security measures.
Security
Instore is concerned about keeping confidential of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we have adopted effective measures to protect your Non-Personal Information, so that such information will not be accessed and used without authorization.
Please note that although we have taken sufficient security measures to protect your information, there is not absolute guarantee that we can prevent non-personal information from being accessed or used without authorization.
Contact Us / Report Violation
If you have any questions or suggestions with respect to this Privacy Policy or our privacy system, or if you want to report any violations of this Privacy Policy or abuse of the application, service or website, please contact us at:admin@appytome.com
Analytics
“We collect Instagram username after the user logs in solely for analytics purposes
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Fabric
Fabric is analytics service provided by Google Inc.You may opt-out of certain Fabric features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://docs.fabric.io/android/fabric/data-privacy.html
For more information on what type of information Fabric collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or app” page:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Mobvista
Mobvista is provided by Mintegral.You can opt-out from Mobvista service by following the instructions described by Mobvista:
https://www.mobvista.com/en/privacy/
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share precise location information, through methods such as mobile “SDKs”. This location information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and shared with third parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance) analytics and research. You can remove your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device.(Certain services may lose functionality as a result.) You can opt-out from any interest-based advertising through your device settings. When you have opted out using this setting on a device, advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
Data retention & deletion policy
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
In case you want to uninstall the app and also want your data to be deleted, please contact us at admin@appytome.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse