Swvl | Book Your Daily Ride or Make Money Driving Now
We're Hiring! If you want to be part of revolutionizing the public
    transportation scene and build the next unicorn, then this is your place.
Apply Now
SWVL’s Privacy Policy:
Last Updated: August, 2020
SWVL Inc., its respective subsidiaries, affiliates, associated companies and jointly controlled entities
        (collectively
"SWVL"
,
"we"
,
"our"
, or
us"
") appreciate your need for protection of
        your personal data and is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of all persons contacting,
        visiting, or otherwise submitting information to SWVL.
        This Privacy Policy and its Addendum(s) ("Policy") describe how SWVL collects, uses, processes and discloses
        your Personal Data (both actively and passively) through the use of SWVL’s Apps and Websites (including all
        mobile applications and websites operated by SWVL (respectively
"Apps"
and
"Websites"
)), products,
        features and other services globally (collectively,
"Services"
).
        This Policy applies to passengers, agents, vendors, suppliers, partners (such as captains and merchant
        partners), contractors and service providers (collectively
"you"
,
"your"
or
"yours"
).
USER’S ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF THIS POLICY
BY USING THE SERVICES OR REGISTERING, DOWNLOADING OR ENTERING THE WEBSITES AND/OR THE APPS YOU
                  ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE OR HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME AWARE OF THIS POLICY, INCLUDING THE
                  PROCESSING (INCLUDING COLLECTING, USING, DISCLOSING, RETAINING OR DISPOSING) OF YOUR INFORMATION. THE
                  INFORMATION SWVL HOLDS ABOUT YOU MAY BE HELD AND PROCESSED ON COMPUTER AND/OR PAPER FILES.
                  IF YOU PROVIDE SWVL WITH ANY INFORMATION REGARDING ANOTHER PERSON, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO MAKE
                  THEM AWARE OF THIS POLICY.
                  IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS REGARDING PRIVACY ISSUES ON THE SITE AND/OR THE APP, PLEASE
                  CONTACT SWVL BY EMAIL AT legal@swvl.com
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
SWVL collects both
"Personal Information"
and
"Anonymous Information"
about you.
                      "Personal
                      Information" is information that can be used to identify you, such as your full name, email
                      address, phone number, payment method, password, mailing address, IP address, and profile picture,
                      location, as well as information that is linked to such information.
                      "Anonymous Information" is information that we cannot use to identify you and is not linked to
                      information that can be used to do so. It includes passively collected information about your
                      activities on the Websites or on the Apps, such as use and usage data, to the extent that
                      information is not linked to your Personal Information.
"Personal Data"
means collectively, Personal Information and Anonymous Information.
While accessing certain portions of the Services, we passively collect certain information from
                      your devices, such as your IP address, screen resolution information, geographic location, Wi-Fi
                      information, browser information, unique device identifier ("
UDID
") where applicable and/or
                      your
                      mobile operating system, and use third party service providers to obtain detailed analytics. We
                      also
                      collect geolocation data from you upon you downloading and opening the Apps. Sometimes, this
                      passively collected information will constitute Personal Information – please see Sections 2.4 and
                      2.5 in particular.
Voluntarily submitted information,
                      We collect information that you provide to us during your use of the Services. Some examples
                      include:
Personal Information that you enter when registering for or using the Apps, including your
                          full name, email address, phone number, payment method, billing information, profile picture
                          and
                          profile information. The provision of some of this information (as indicated by us) is
                          mandatory
                          in order to create an account and use our Services;
communications with us (e.g. emails, in-app messages and photos, text messages) or with
                          captains (e.g. written in-app instructions to captains);
user preference information you provide such as marketing preferences, communication
                          preferences (e.g. sms or in-app messages) home address, work address, and/or favourites, as
                          well
                          as information in surveys;
information you provide to our customer support team or other SWVL staff by email, post, the
                          Apps, sms, Facebook messenger, in-app messaging, Instagram messaging, telephone or otherwise,
                          in
                          which case SWVL may keep a record of that correspondence to respond to your enquiries and
                          improve its services, and we may record your customer support calls for quality assurance
                          purposes and for improving our services. Any photos you send us will be stored on your own
                          device;
information that you post on any forums or message boards (such as SWVL’s pages on third
                          party
                          social media sites, and other third party maintained and publicly accessible forums where SWVL
                          is discussed);
data you provide, including photos or comments, in connection with or participation in any
                          promotions or competitions sponsored, promoted or offered by SWVL and/or any third-party and
                          any
                          data provided to SWVL by way of feedback, profile forms or issues relating to the Services;
data you provide, including a copy of your identification or credit card, in connection with
                          special instances relating to fraud or otherwise where SWVL needs to authenticate user
                          identity
                          and/or ownership of the payment method provided. Full credit card information is not retained
                          by
                          SWVL, and the copy of your credit card will be used solely for the purposes of authenticating
                          your ownership and preventing fraud; and
where you are a captain - insurance policies, fleet information, vehicle information, and
                          licensing information. The provision of this information is mandatory in order to become a
                          captain.
Information collected through use of the Services
Geolocation data
: If you access the Apps through a mobile device, we may access,
                          collect,
                          monitor and/or remotely store "geolocation data" which may include the GPS coordinates of your
                          trip (including pickup and drop-off data and route information) or similar information
                          regarding
                          the location of your mobile device.
Contacts
: We may access your calendar or contacts if you provide us with your
                          permission to
                          do
                          so.
Transaction data
: We collect information created during your various interactions with
                          any
                          Service, including the date and time of an order, captain acceptance of the order, captain
                          arrival, completion of the Services, as well as distance travelled, amount charged, including
                          breakdown of base fee, tip and additional fees, as well as promotional code delivery.
Information collected via technology
f you are using our Websites, we automatically collect information from you, including your
                          hardware model, browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) and domain name. If you
                          are using a mobile device, we may also receive your UDID, or another unique identifier, and
                          mobile operating system. We may correlate this information with other Personal Information we
                          have about you. We may also use cookies and URL information to gather information regarding
                          the
                          date and time you used the Services.
In connection with your use of the Apps, we may receive the date and time of calls, SMS and
                          in-app messages with SWVL and their respective content, as well as a record of the fact that
                          you
                          contacted a captain. For the avoidance of doubt, SWVL does not have access to the content of
                          calls and/or SMS messages between passengers and captains, or any information whatsoever about
                          your calls or SMS messages to any third-parties (i.e. anyone other than SWVL or a captain).
We may use third-party services with your use of the Apps, such as Tableau, Mo-engage and
                          Amplitude to track and analyse trends and patterns in relation to consumer behaviour.
We may also use third-party fraud prevention services to track and analyse customer and
                          captain usage logs, device logs, root logs, screen logs, and granted permission logs for
                          purposes of security, fraud prevention, and money laundering prevention.
f you choose to download or login to the Apps or Websites via a third-party website, your
                          Personal Information may be provided to us by that website.
Because we rely on third-party commercial software and programs to operate our servers, we
                          may
                          inadvertently collect Personal Information due to certain automatic functions or features
                          contained in such software or due to certain software changes or upgrades. We will use
                          reasonable efforts to remove any such information prior to engagement and after discovery in
                          our
                          system. If you know of any such unintended collections, please notify us promptly so we can
                          take
                          the necessary action to remove such information from our system.
Information provided by others
We collect information that passengers provide about captains, and vice-versa, including
                          ratings, complaints, and postings on SWVL’s forums or message boards, or those of third
                          parties
                          (such as news media) where SWVL is discussed.
SWVL may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites or other services
                          its affiliates provide. SWVL also works closely with third parties (including, for example,
                          business partners, subcontractors in technical, payment, delivery and transportation services,
                          advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference
                          agencies) and may receive information about you from them. Where third-parties collect
                          information about you and share it with us, you should refer to their separately maintained
                          privacy policies or notices.
Information about your device
SWVL collects information about the device you use to access the Services, which may
                            include
                            personal data. This information is used to recognise your device so that it can be linked to
                            your account. This activity is carried out for purposes of safety, security, evaluation of
                            the
                            performance of the Apps or the Websites, improvement and optimization of the customer
                            experience, fraud prevention and may involve the sharing of information about your device
                            including limited personal data, IP address, Wi-Fi and location information with a
                            third-party
                            service provider.
SWVL collects information about installed malicious applications that are specifically used
                            to
                            commit fraud against SWVL ("
Installed Apps
"), including the Installed Apps’ name and
                            installation date. For the avoidance of doubt, we do not collect data within the Installed
                            Apps;
the battery and network performance (i.e. battery status and charger use) of your device
                            and
                            the file names, types and files sizes on your device, including the amount of free and used
                            local storage space, but not the contents of the files; and
the system status, including device event information such as crashes and system activity.
COOKIES AND OTHER WEB FILES OR TAGS
The Websites use cookies and related technologies for a number of purposes, including site
                      functionality, analytics, and advertising. The use of these technologies can involve the
                      processing
                      of personal data. For more information about how the Websites uses cookies and related
                      technologies,
                      and your choices regarding cookies, please refer to our Cookies Notice.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
SWVL may use, combine, and process your Personal Data for the following purposes
                      ("
Purposes
"):
Providing Services and Features - your Personal Data will be used to provide, personalise,
                          maintain, and improve our products and services. This includes using your Personal Data to:
Providing Services and Features - your Personal Data will be used to provide,
                              personalise,
                              maintain, and improve our products and services. This includes using your Personal Data
                              to:
engage you to provide Services;
create, administer, and update your account;
verify your identity;
validate your ride and process payments;
enable dynamic pricing, in which the price of a ride is determined based on constantly
                              varying factors such as the estimated time and distance, the predicted route, estimated
                              traffic, and the number of passengers and captains using SWVL at a given moment;
offer, obtain, provide, or facilitate insurance or financing solutions;
track the progress of your trip and detect abnormal trip variations;
enable features that personalise your Apps, such as lists of your favourite places and
                              previous destinations;
perform internal operations necessary to provide our Services, including troubleshooting
                              software bugs and operational problems, conducting data analysis, testing and research,
                              monitoring and analysing usage and activity trends;
protect the security or integrity of the Services and any facilities or equipment used to
                              make the Services available;
process and manage your rewards;
enable communications between our users;
process, manage or verify your application of promotions, rewards, and subscriptions with
                              SWVL; and
enable our partners to manage and allocate fleet resources.
Safety and Security - We use your data to ensure the safety and security of our services and
                          all users. This includes:
screening captain partners before enabling their use of our Services;
identifying unsafe driving behaviour such as speeding, harsh braking and acceleration,
                              and
                              providing personalised feedback to our captain partners;
verifying your identity when you log in to the Apps;
using device, location, profile, usage, and other Personal Data to prevent, detect and
                              combat fraud or unsafe activities;
sharing captains and passengers’ location and details when the emergency button is
                              activated;
monitoring compliance with our terms and conditions, policies and Captain’s Code of
                              Conduct; and
detecting, preventing, and prosecuting crime.
Customer Support - We use Personal Data to resolve customer support issues. For example, we
                          may:
investigate and address concerns;
monitor and improve our customer support responses;
respond to questions, comments, and feedback; and
respond to questions, comments, and feedback; and
Research and Development and Security - We may use the Personal Data we collect for testing,
                          research, analysis, and product development. This allows us to understand and analyse your
                          needs
                          and preferences, protect your Personal Data, improve, and enhance the safety and security of
                          our
                          services, develop new features, products, and services, and facilitate insurance and finance
                          solutions.
Legal Purposes - We may use the Personal Data we collect to investigate and resolve claims or
                          disputes, or as allowed or required by applicable law. We may also use your Personal Data when
                          we are required, advised, recommended, expected, or requested to do so by our legal advisors
                          or
                          any local or foreign legal, regulatory, governmental, or other authority. For example, we may
                          use your Personal Data to:
comply with court orders or other legal, governmental, or regulatory requirements;
enforce our Terms of Service or other agreements; and
protect our rights or property in the event of a claim or dispute.
We may also use your Personal Data in connection with mergers, acquisitions, joint
                            ventures, sale of company assets, consolidation, restructuring, financing, business asset
                            transactions, or acquisition of all or part of our business by another company.
Marketing and Promotions - We may use your Personal Data to market SWVL and SWVL’s partners’
                          sponsors’ and advertisers’ products, services, events, or promotions. For example, we may:
send you alerts, newsletters, updates, mailers, promotional materials, special
                              privileges,
                              festive greetings; and
notify, invite, and manage your participation in our events or activities.
We may communicate such marketing to you by post, telephone call, short message service,
                            online messaging service, push notification by hand and by email.
IF YOU WISH TO UNSUBSCRIBE TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA FOR MARKETING AND
                              PROMOTIONS, PLEASE CLICK ON THE UNSUBSCRIBE LINK IN THE RELEVANT EMAIL OR MESSAGE.
                              ALTERNATIVELY, YOU MAY ALSO UPDATE YOUR PREFERENCES IN OUR APPS SETTINGS.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
SWVL has implemented administrative, physical, and electronic measures designed to protect your
                      information from unauthorized access, modification, and unavailability. SWVL will comply with
                      applicable law in the event of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your
                      Personal Data and, where we consider appropriate or where required by applicable law, notify you
                      via
                      email, text or conspicuous posting on the Websites in the most expedient time possible and without
                      unreasonable delay, insofar as it is consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement
                      or
                      (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable
                      integrity of the data system.
Although guaranteed security does not exist either on or off the Internet, we make commercially
                      reasonable efforts to make the collection and security of such information consistent with this
                      Policy and all applicable laws and regulations.
Where SWVL has given you (or where you have chosen) a username, login or password which enables
                      you to access certain parts of the Websites and/or the Apps, you are responsible for keeping this
                      information confidential. SWVL asks you not to share a username, login, or password with anyone,
                      and
                      not to reuse the same password across multiple websites.
SWVL restricts access to your Personal Data to individuals who need access to it in order to
                      process it on SWVL’s behalf. These individuals, where employees, are bound by confidentiality
                      agreements and SWVL will take appropriate action (which may include disciplinary proceedings) in
                      the
                      event SWVL finds that its employee(s) has failed to meet standards in looking after your Personal
                      Data. SWVL cannot accept any liability for employees or agents acting outside the normal course of
                      their employment or the terms of their agency agreement, or for captains or any third-parties with
                      whom your Personal Information may be shared who act outside of the terms of our contracts with
                      them.
We will retain your Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose(s)
                      for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws.
In general, this means that we store your data throughout the existence of your account with us
                      or
                      for as long as is otherwise required to deliver our Services, except where we have a lawful basis
                      for saving it for an extended period of time (for instance, after fully executing a contract, we
                      may
                      still have a legitimate interest in using your contact details for marketing purposes). We also
                      retain the data we need for the execution of pending tasks and the data we need to investigate and
                      realize your complaints or queries, or our legal rights and our claims, as well as certain data
                      that
                      we must store for a legally mandatory period of time. When certain data is only saved due to a
                      legally mandatory preservation term, the processing of it by us is limited, even where you do not
                      specifically request this.
DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We know how important it is to keep your information confidential. We will not rent, sell or
                      share
                      your Personal Information with third-parties except as specifically approved by you at the time of
                      disclosure or under the circumstances described in this Policy.
If you do not want us to use or disclose certain Personal Information collected about you in the
                      ways identified in this Policy, you may choose not to (i) provide your Personal Information at any
                      time (unless it is mandatory for the Services); (ii) download the Apps; (iii) consent to the
                      placement of non-essential cookies (see the Cookies Notice).
In addition to using the information collected by us for the purposes described in section 4
                      above, we may also share your information as described below.
Please review our sharing policy
                        closely, especially with respect to your Personal Information
.
Passengers and Captains
We share certain information about passengers (including but not limited to name, pickup and
                          drop-off locations, route information, profile picture) with captains to enable the scheduling
                          and provision of the Services.
We share certain information about captains (including but not limited to name, rating,
                          location, profile picture, license plate number, fleet information, birthday week) with
                          passengers to enable the scheduling, provision, and receipt of the Services.
We share certain information about captains (including but not limited to name, rating,
                          location, profile picture, license plate number, fleet information, birthday week) with
                          passengers to enable the scheduling, provision, and receipt of the Services.
Service Providers
We also share Personal Information with vendors, payment providers, transportation providers,
                      promotion companies, sponsorship companies, software providers, consultants, market researchers
                      and other third parties who perform services using the Websites or Apps or on behalf of SWVL. As
                      an example, we share Personal Data with companies that provide sms and in-app service
                      notifications, email services, and hosting services. We also share Personal Information with
                      third-parties that provide analysis, monitoring, and reports to assist us in preventing and
                      detecting fraudulent transactions and other activity. SWVL has selected companies who maintain
                      high standards with respect to privacy and agree to use the Personal Information only to perform
                      specific services on behalf of SWVL.
Compliance with Laws, Law Enforcement and Safety
We may disclose information we have collected about you if required to do so by law or if we, in
                      our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to comply with the law, requests or
                      orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by
                      applicable law), or to protect or defend SWVL’s, or a third-party’s, rights or property. We may
                      also reserve the right to disclose information we’ve collected about you for purposes of
                      protecting the health and safety of the passengers and captains, such as in the case of risk of
                      harm or violence against any person. Finally, we may also disclose information in order to enforce
                      or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety
                      of SWVL, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations
                      for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Anonymous Information
Aggregated Anonymous Information is the combination of your Anonymous Information with the
                      Anonymous Information of other users ("
Aggregated Anonymous Information
"). Aggregated
                      Anonymous
                      Information does not allow you to be identified or contacted. We may share such Aggregated
                      Anonymous Information with third-parties to further the purposes described herein, or for other
                      commercial purposes, in our sole discretion.
Within SWVL
We may share all or some of your Personal Information with any of our parents, subsidiaries,
                      joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case we will require them to
                      honour this Policy.
Business Transactions
Additionally, in the event we undergo a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by
                      another
                      company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, including in the unlikely event of bankruptcy,
                      your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers
                      may occur and are permitted by this Policy, and that any entity that acquires us, is merged with
                      us
                      or that acquires our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this
                      Policy.
LOCATION OF YOUR INFORMATION
Your Personal Information may be disclosed to other SWVL entities and third-parties (including
                      service providers) in jurisdictions including, but not limited to: British Virgin Islands, Egypt,
                      Kenya, Pakistan and United Arab Emirates.
Consequently, the data that SWVL collects from you may be transferred to, and stored in, a
                      country
                      that is not considered to offer an adequate level of protection under your local laws. It may also
                      be processed by staff operating outside of your country of residence who work for SWVL or for one
                      of
                      its suppliers, service providers or partner entities. By submitting your Personal Information, you
                      acknowledge, and, where necessary under local laws, agree to, this transfer, storing or
                      processing.
SWVL may also make disclosures of your Personal Information to government entities, courts, or
                      regulators in other countries, where these are disclosures anticipated by section 6. In this
                      context, we may rely on the fact that a disclosure to a court or administrative authority is based
                      on an international agreement, which provides a legal basis for the transfer.
SWVL will take appropriate steps to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and
                      in accordance with applicable Privacy Laws and this Policy. This may include putting in place data
                      transfer agreements or ensuring that SWVL or third parties comply with contractual obligations or
                      other data transfer mechanisms or schemes. If you are located in the EU, you have a right to
                      request
                      to obtain further information about the data transfer mechanisms used to transfer your Personal
                      Information to third countries.
YOUR RIGHTS
Subject to applicable law, you may have some or all of the following rights in respect of your
                      Personal Information:
Access to own Personal Information: You may also have the right to obtain a copy of the
                          Personal
                          Information held about you, and to be informed of certain details, such as (a) the source of
                          your Personal Information; (b) the purposes, legal basis and methods of processing; (c) the
                          data
                          controller’s identity; and (d) the entities or categories of entities to whom your Personal
                          Information may be transferred.
Accuracy and right of rectification: SWVL seeks to ensure that your Personal Information is
                          accurate, complete and kept up-to-date to the extent reasonably necessary for the purposes
                          described herein. You also have the ability to update the information we hold about you
                          through
                          your SWVL account. If the Personal Information is incorrect, incomplete, or not processed in
                          compliance with applicable law or this Policy, you may have the right to have your Personal
                          Information rectified or deleted in accordance with applicable law.
Right to object: In certain circumstances (e.g., where your Personal Information is processed
                          on the basis of SWVL’s legitimate interests), you may have the right to object to the
                          processing
                          of your Personal Information on the basis of compelling grounds related to your particular
                          situation and in accordance with applicable law.
Right to prevent direct marketing: You may have the right to request that SWVL does not
                          process your personal data for marketing purposes. In such a case, you can control your
                          initial
                          marketing preferences by ticking the relevant box situated within the Apps settings or an
                          ‘unsubscribe’ link within a marketing email. Thereafter, you can follow the opt-out links or
                          unsubscribe directions in emails or SMS messages.
Right to withdraw consent: If the processing of your Personal Information is based on your
                        consent, you may have the right to withdraw your consent to such processing at any time. It is
                        worth noting that the withdrawal of consent has no impact on earlier processing on such basis
                        and
                        does not prevent SWVL from invoking another legal basis for the processing of the relevant
                        Personal Information.
Right to lodge a complaint: You may have the right to lodge a complaint before the relevant
                          data protection authority or supervisory authority.
To exercise these rights, where applicable, please contact SWVL legal@swvl.com or use the
                      appropriate functionality in the Apps.
We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes
                      before complying with your request. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law,
                      for
                      instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
Some rights may be subject to exemptions created by applicable law or may only be exercisable in
                      certain circumstances. We will communicate openly with you to help you to understand whether, and
                      to
                      what extent, a right is exercisable. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we
                      will
                      make every reasonable effort to honour your request promptly or inform you if we require further
                      information in order to fulfil your request.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
From time to time SWVL may post links to third-party websites on the Websites and/or the Apps. These
                  links are provided as a courtesy to SWVL’s users and visitors and are not administered or verified in
                  any way by SWVL. Such links are accessed by you at your own risk and SWVL makes no representations or
                  warranties about the content of such websites including any cookies used by the website operator. If
                  you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy
                  policies and that SWVL does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. As a
                  result, SWVL strongly recommends that you read the privacy policies of any third-party websites before
                  you provide any personal data to them.
CHILDREN
Neither the Websites nor the Apps are directed or targeted to children under the age of 18, and SWVL
                  does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18. SWVL
                  requires users under 18 years of age to obtain the consent of a parent or guardian, to view the
                  Websites or use the Apps or the Services. If SWVL learns that a child under 18 years of age has
                  provided personally identifiable information to the Websites or the Apps, it will use reasonable
                  efforts to remove such information from its files. No part of our Service is directed towards children
                  under the age of 18 and we do not want Personal Information from children under the age of 18. If you
                  believe that a child under 18 years of age has given us Personal Information, please contact SWVL
                  legal@swvl.com .
CHANGES TO SWVL’S PRIVACY POLICY
SWVL may change this Policy from time to time. Any changes SWVL may make to this Policy in the future
                  will be posted on this page and, where SWVL deems appropriate, notified to you (usually within the
                  Apps or by email). You are therefore invited to check it each time you send SWVL Personal Information.
                  The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page.
CONTACT
Questions, comments, and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be
                  addressed legal@swvl.com.
Keep in touch
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
© 2020 SWVL Technologies Inc.
Privacy
Terms