Crumblyy | Privacy Policy
Aug 02, 2018
CRUMBLYY PRIVACY POLICY
This policy states the data we collect about you and how it is used and shared with other third parties.
Please take time and read this PRIVACY POLICY carefully. This will apply to all interactions you will have with Crumblyy and its products from now on.
INTRODUCTION
Crumblyy is a mobile app service provided by “
Tnine Infotech LLP
” a Limited Liability Partnership firm registered in India. The service includes display of digitally viral content in the form of hacks/facts about various useful information available over the internet and other public sources.
DATA CONTROLLER
“
Tnine Infotech LLP
” a Limited Liability Partnership firm registered in India will be the controller of your personal data entered for the creation of your profile.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you install Crumblyy, we generate a random unique ID for you which gets tagged to your device.This unique ID is used to identify you as a user by Crumblyy and save your bookmarked content on server.
You may also sign-in on Crumblyy through an account you already have with Google. When you sign-in on Crumblyy through Google, we ask for your full name, email id, google account id and profile picture(collectively referred as “
Personal Data
”). All this information is used to set up your profile and create an account on our servers where you may back up your content.
We receive some other information automatically when you use Crumblyy. This includes data about your device, software, operating system, user-specific advertising IDs for advertisement tracking, your IP address and the date and time of each request you would make to Crumblyy.
In order to enhance your experience on Crumblyy, we also collect information about how you interact with the content cards and advertisements on Crumblyy.
HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
Processing of your Personal Data is needed mainly in setting up and keeping your Crumblyy account and ensuring server synchronization from time to time, or sharing your contributed content with other users on the app based on your explicit authorization. However, Crumblyy may also process your Personal Data to communicate with you through notifications, extract anonymous data, provide you with personalized offers, for marketing and advertising purposes or in order to improve your user experience and further enrich Crumblyy with new features.
Crumblyy also works with advertising partners to serve third-party advertisements on the platform. Crumblyy might also direct users to websites of third party content providers, when users choose to click on Read More button, swipe up card or click on card. We do not endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices and content of such third parties. We encourage you to review their privacy policies to understand how they collect and process your Personally Identifiable Information.
No member can access your Personal Data, including your e-mail address, name and profile photo(collectively referred as “P
ersonal
Data”) of another member unless the other member gives his explicit consent by specifically making visible his personal data in his public profile. Crumblyy will not share your personal data with anyone without your explicit authorization.
Crumblyy is legally bound to share information about you with an authority or government enforcement agencies when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to
investigate, prevent, or act against suspected or actual illegal or criminal activities
enforce your agreement to abide by User Agreement, and Policies
investigate and defend ourselves against specific third-party claims or allegations,
protect the integrity and security of the service of Crumblyy
protect the rights and safety of the Members and personnel of Crumblyy
We will try to notify users about such legal demands for their personal data by an authority when we feel it appropriate in our judgment, unless prevented by law or a specific court order or when the request is urgent.
Crumblyy may also share or transfer the control of your data when our business is sold, merged or transferred to others. This transfer of control and subsequent use of the data, however, will continue to be in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The new entity that buys fully or part of the business of Crumblyy will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in conformity with this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
HOW WE PROTECT PRIVACY FOR CHILDREN
Our content is targeted to a general audience. We do not knowingly target, collect, use or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under the age of 15 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. By using our service you confirm that you either are of legal age or have an applicable consent.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Crumblyy will use all collected user data for security, fraud prevention and investigations as mandated by Indian law and in the interest of the integrity of its business. Crumblyy will use user data (including communications) for security purposes or to investigate possible fraud or violations of the User Agreement, this Privacy Policy or in the event of attempts to harm other users in the app.
Crumblyy constantly monitors data logs and server activities to prevent security breaches, and vulnerabilities. Users must use security features available through our Services. We use encryptions to keep your data safe and try to maintain highest level of security. However, Crumblyy cannot warrant that user data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards through illegal means. We will follow action as mandated by Indian law when such criminal breach occurs and will not be liable for any negligence in the event of such criminal act.
HOW YOU CAN DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT ON CRUMBLYY
You can delete your Account by emailing to
[email protected]
. Please note that we will need to verify that you have the authority to delete the Account, and activity generated prior to deletion will remain stored by us and may be publicly accessible.
As part of Data Retention Obligation, Crumblyy will retain your profile data till your user account is open. The data will be deleted within 30 days of account deletion, unless required by law or authorities.
We
, however, may disclose aggregate information about how our users use Crumblyy in an anonymous manner that doesn’t identify you individually.
HOW WE MAKE CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may change this PRIVACY POLICY from time to time and when we do so, we will intimate you through your registered email id or post on Crumblyy app. If you continue to use Crumblyy after those changes are in effect, you agree to the new policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or get your consent, as required by law.
CONTACT US
We
’d love to hear your queries, concerns and feedback about this privacy policy. If you have suggestions for us, please write to us at
[email protected]
.