Itsmyapps Real
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Itsmyapps Real
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy for all apps and websites developed and owned by Itsmyapps. We value the privacy of the people who are using the apps, websites and have, thus, created this Privacy Policy to show our commitment towards safeguarding your privacy. Your privacy is important to us, and we take it seriously. THIS PRIVACY POLICY EXPLAINS WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU IS COLLECTED, HOW THIS IS DONE, AND WHAT IS IT USED FOR. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy policies. Please read our Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it.
By using our apps, websites or any services linked to them, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our website or our products, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error report.
Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your Android ID, CPN model, memory size, your phone IMEI number, phone model, rom, phone operator, location, install, uninstall, frequency of use, etc.
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
When you use some products, services, or post your comments, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features. OUR COMPANY WIDE COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
DATA FOR ADVERTISING PURPOSES:
The below data is collected automatically via advertising providers (except for EU users) and analytics providers
Your IP address and computer/mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address and IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data collected with advertising cookies
Coarse location data (country or city-specific)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can keep improving our apps
The data collected is used to show personalized advertisements depending on your location and jurisdiction. In the European union, the apps are showing non-targeted/non-personalized ads to users after taking their consent. For rest of the world, the data is used to track the content you access in connection with the apps and to deliver, target and improve the advertising.
On most devices you can limit ad targeting from your device’s settings. Please review your device’s user manual on how to disable ad tracking. In any case, you can contact the advertising providers below and also ask them to delete your data if they have any by opting out.
We use the following ad providers in our apps. All of them are not used on all apps.
AdColony - Privacy Policy
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
You can opt out or get your data deleted from their privacy policy link.
Facebook Audience Network - Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Opt out:
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences
Google AdMob & Google Adx: Personal Data collected: Unique device identifiers for advertising. For example, Google Advertiser ID or Apple ID For Advertising.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Opt Out:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
AddApptr: Privacy Policy:
https://www.addapptr.com/data-privacy
MoPub Privacy Policy:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
StartApp Privacy Policy:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
AppLovin Privacy Policy: https://applovin.com/privacy/
Opt Out: https://www.applovin.com/optout
Amazon - Privacy Policy:
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=footer_privacy?ie=UTF8&nodeId=201909010
Opt out:
https://www.amazon.co.uk/adprefs
IronSource
Privacy Policy
:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
ANALYTICS:
We make use of analytics services like Flurry, Google, Appsee, Mixpanel or Facebook that use cookies sent from our app running in your device in order to provide Non-Personal anonymous global data and information regarding app use. The kind of information collected includes the type of device or version of the OS you are using, app crash report, and general pattern of app use. Appsee also records a certain percentage of app sessions in the form of videos without displaying any user input or saving any personal information. We use this data to improve the app and related services over time so that we can serve our users better. It should be noted that at NO point in time shall your Personal Information be linked to the cookies or videos (Non-Personal Information) sent from your device to the analytics services so that your privacy is always kept protected. Flurry, Appsee, Mixpanel and Facebook have their own Privacy Policies for the information they collect from the device via an app. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
The links to their Privacy Policies are given below:
Google Firebase
We use the tool Firebase in some of our apps. This is a real-time database that we use for real-time data exchange and storage in our app to improve and develop our app. The user data is transmitted to Firebase anonymously. Firebase is a Google subsidiary and is based in San Francisco (CA), USA.
Find the Firebase privacy policy here:
https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data in anonymized form.
COOKIES:
We do not set any cookies on your device. Third party advertising or analytics providers mentioned above may set cookies. You may get your data deleted from them via the opt out links provided.
INTERNET PERMISSIONS:
Our apps do typically require internet permissions, for the purpose of downloading additional content for the app, providing links to the app store entry of our other apps, display advertising wherever applicable and to collect anonymous usage information for analytics as mentioned above.
IN-APP PURCHASES:
Our apps may contain in-app purchases (IAP’s) or Subscriptions.
SOCIAL MEDIA:
Our apps interact with social sites like Facebook, Instagram, Whatsapp, etc to share content from our apps/websites. At no point of time do we collect any information from your social media accounts in any way.
NON-ADVERTISING BASED APPS:
In case of apps in which no third party ads are there, then the above points related to advertising and ad providers do not apply.
OTHER COMPANIES AND PUBLIC AUTHORITIES:
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
OPTING OUT
If you no longer want us to use your IP address and mobile advertising ID then you need to either pay for the in-app purchases to remove advertisements or stop using the apps. As mentioned before, for EU users we are not showing targeted/personalized ads.
For more choices please follow the “Opt Out” link for the respective service above.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY:
We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such modification on this site and without any other notification. Any such modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this site.
The use of the information we collect is always subject to the Privacy Policy that is in effect at the time when this information is collected. You are advised to refer to the Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are always in sync with our current privacy practices.
CONTACTING US:
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please
contact us
.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on April 9, 2023.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse