Privacy Policy | HARMAN
Anchor
Company
About Us
Mission & Values
Leadership
Board of Directors
Recognition
Milestones
Experience HARMAN
HARMAN develops solutions to enable seamless, connected lifestyles for the home, car, stage and enterprise through its leading audio products, infotainment systems, software and connected services.
Experience HARMAN
Lead with integrity, innovate with intention, and drive excellence.
Innovation and performance driven by world-class talent
HARMAN is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our business
A Powerful Combination
As a wholly-owned subsidiary of Samsung, HARMAN has retained its leadership team and has established a strong Board of Directors with representation from Samsung.
Driven to Excel
From multiple GRAMMY Awards to accolades for engineering excellence,HARMAN people and technologies are consistently recognized for outstanding performances
Inventors, Disruptors and Rock Stars
HARMAN is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our business.
Solutions
Automotive
Lifestyle
Consumer
Professional
Digital Transformation Solutions (Strategic Business Unit)
Innovation. Integration. Industry Experience
HARMAN’s market-proven navigation and infotainment solutions for the world’s car makers make your daily commute entertaining, informative, and productive with a paramount concern for safety and security.
Unparallel audio experiences wherever you are
Whether at home, on the go, or in your car, HARMAN’s iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment.
Unparalleled audio experiences wherever you are
Whether at home, on the go, or in your car, HARMAN’s iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment.
From rock concerts to the boardroom
HARMAN engineers and manufactures audio, video and lighting products for some of the most recognizable names in live performance, audio recording, large venue, cinema, retail, corporate, education, government, hospitality and more.
Digital Transformation Solutions (Strategic Business Unit)
Professional Services solutions across design, mobility, cloud and analytics that enable a connected world.
Responsibility
HARMAN Inspired
Sustainability
Supply Chain
Inspiring young people through music, technology and service
HARMAN Inspired is HARMAN's global cause initiative empowering the next generation to realize their possibilities through the power of music, technology and service.
Responsible and environmentally sound business practices
HARMAN is committed to ensuring that we, our customers and our communities endure and thrive for years to come.
Ethical business practices through our operations
We seek strategic partners that share our values ‐ those who exemplify integrity, innovation and excellence
Innovation
News
Blogs
Press Releases
Event Media Kit
Blogs
HARMAN stories and insights about our company, technologies, people, and markets.
Press Releases
Corporate, product, and news-worthy announcements.
Events Media Kit
Compilation of insights for our major events and initiatives.
Careers
Shop
Contact
Search
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is a top priority to Harman. Please review our privacy statement on how we collect and process your data.
Introduction
HARMAN Privacy Policy
Pernyataan Kebijakan Privasi
Erklæring om privatlivspolitik
Erklärung zum Datenschutz
Declaración de política de privacidad
Declaración de política de privacidad
Tietosuojakäytäntö
Déclaration de politique de confidentialité
Déclaration de politique de confidentialité
プライバシーポリシーステートメント
개인 정보 보호 정책 선언문
Verklaring van het privacybeleid
Personvernerklæring
Oświadczenie o polityce prywatności
Declaração de Política de Privacidade
Заявление о политике конфиденциальности
Sekretesspolicy
Tuyên bố về Chính sách Bảo mật
隐私政策声明
隱私政策聲明
Terms of Use
Cookies Statement
Pernyataan Cookie (bd-id)
Cookie Erklæring (da-dk)
Cookie Erklärung (de-de)
Declaración de cookies (es-es)
Declaración de cookies (es-mx)
Evästeilmoitus (fi-fi)
Déclaration relative aux cookies (fr-ca)
Déclaration relative aux cookies (fr-fr)
クッキーステートメント (ja-jp)
쿠키 설명 (ko-kr)
Cookieverklaring (nl-nl)
Informasjonskapslererklæring (no-no)
Oświadczenie dotyczące plików cookie (pl-pl)
Declaração de cookies (pt-br)
Заявление о файлах cookie (ru-ru)
Cookies uttalande (sv-se)
Tuyên bố cookie (vi-vn)
饼干声明 (zh-cn)
餅乾聲明 (zh-tw)
Data Inquiry / Privacy Requests
Unsolicited Idea / Product Policy
Report a Vulnerability
Page Content
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​Introduction
Harman is committe​​d to being a good steward of your personal information, handling it in a responsible manner, and securing it with industry-standard administrative, technical, and physical safeguards. When it comes to using your information, our principles are simple. We will be transparent about what information we collect and process. Where possible, we endeavor to give you control over the information you provide to us. We will include any updates to our privacy statements on this privacy portal, including how we use and process your information. If you have any questions, please review our
Privacy Statement
or contact us at
privacy@harman.c
​
o
m
.
Back to top
Sustainability
About our efforts
Visit the Shop
Browse
Careers
Contact
Sitemap
News
© 2023 HARMAN International. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
|
Cookies
|
Terms of Use
If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call (800) 645-7484 for assistance.