Privacy Policy - ibisPaint
ibisPaint
Subscribed
Notification
Information
Subscribed Comics
News
News from ibisPaint
Sign in
To use ibisPaint, you must have a ibisAccount, Twitter, Facebook or Apple account. Please sign in after you have created an account.
Sign in with ibisAccount
Sign in with Twitter
Sign in with Facebook
Sign in with Apple
Indonesia
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Português
Pусский
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
עברית
العربية
हिन्दी
ภาษาไทย
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文
한국어
Top
Newly Arrived
Popular Artwork
Popular Artists
Information
Tutorials
FAQ
Download
Agreement
This site properly manages your personal information as described in our Privacy Policy.
Here is our Privacy Policy.
Agree and start
PRIVACY POLICY for ibisPaint
Last updated: November 30, 2023
We, IBIS INC., respect your privacy. As we operate our website and provide you with our services, we process personal data about you in accordance with applicable data protection laws, including the Act on the Protection of Personal Information of Japan.
This is our privacy policy for ibisPaint. We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. You can obtain the latest version of this policy on our site.
Please refer to the "
PRIVACY POLICY for ibisPaint in the EEA / the UK
" for residents in the EEA / the UK.
Please refer to the "
PRIVACY POLICY for ibisPaint in the United States of America
" for residents in the United States of America.
1. RESPONSIBLE CONTROLLER
We, IBIS INC., a company registered in Nagoya, Japan, issue this privacy policy. When we determine the purposes and means of processing your personal data, we are the data controller and responsible for protecting your rights regarding personal data.
2. HOW WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
As we provide you with our services, we collect, use, store, generate or disclose to third-parties (hereinafter collectively referred to as "process") your personal data for the following purposes:
To manage your application purchase information on the application store, such as Google Play, App Store, and Microsoft Store.
Categories of your personal data we process: Purchase ID, Purchased product, Device information on purchase, Date and time of purchase, continuation, and cancellation.
We collect these categories of your personal data from your activity on the application store.
If you do not provide them, it prevents us from giving you our service.
Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract.
Period for which we store your personal data: until the end of the service to maintain purchase information.
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in providing ibisPaint.
To manage your application accounts (ibisAccount, Twitter account, Facebook account, Apple ID, YouTube account, CLIP STUDIO account).
Categories of your personal data we process: ibisAccount name, ibisAccount access token, Twitter account name, Twitter access token, Facebook account name, Facebook access token, YouTube account name, YouTube access token, YouTube refresh token, CLIP STUDIO account name, CLIP STUDIO access token, Apple account name, Apple access token, Apple refresh token, Apple identity token, IP address.
We collect these categories of your personal data from your posting on our service.
If you do not provide them, it prevents us from giving you our service.
Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract.
Period for which we store your personal data: as long as user maintain their account of this service.
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in providing ibisPaint.
To manage our personalized advertising.
Categories of your personal data we process: your operational history on our service collected by the application, including Device token, FCM token, App UUID, Platform type, App type, IP address, user-agent, device language settings, terminal carrier information, screen size, orientation, and resolution, sound volume, battery, memory use, country, time zone, and local settings, network connection type and speed, advertisement ID.
We collect these categories of your personal data from the Device on which you use this application.
Lawful basis: your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of our processing of your personal data based on consent before its withdrawal.
Period for which we store your personal data: as long as the user maintains their account of this service or until you withdraw your consent of our services.
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in advertising.
To analyze your use of our service in order to generate insight that is useful for improving our services, products and marketing:
Categories of your personal data we process: App UUID, platform type, App type, model name, OS version, and region of use.
We collect these categories of your personal data from your activity on the application store.
Lawful basis: your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Your withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of our processing of your personal data based on consent before its withdrawal.
Period for which we store your personal data: until loss of relation to personal information via deletion of the app or until you withdraw your consent.
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in analyzing service usage data.
To investigate App bugs:
Categories of your personal data we process: App UUID, platform type, App type, model name, OS version, region of use, and stack trace.
We collect these categories of your personal data from your activity on the application store.
If you do not provide them, it prevents us from giving you as appropriate and precise information as we can.
Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract and for the purpose of our legitimate interest, i.e. to improve and expand this service for our customers.
Period for which we store your personal data: until loss of relation to personal information via deletion of the app.
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in analyzing service usage data.
To protect your privacy and security, integrity and availability of our website:
Categories of your personal data we process: IP address, user-agent, access time, and access URL.
We collect these categories of your personal data from your activity on the application store.
If you do not provide them, it prevents us from giving you as appropriate and precise information as we can.
Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract and for the purpose of our legitimate interest, i.e. protecting your privacy and our website from fraudulent or unlawful access by monitoring web access traffic.
Period for which we store your personal data: seven (7) days.
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in providing ibisPaint.
To manage user communication on official postings sites (Online Gallery)
Categories of your personal data we process: ibisAccount name, Twitter account name, Facebook account name, Apple account name, and Your responses to posts such as comments or Likes.
We collect these categories of your personal data from your posting on our service.
If you do not provide them, it prevents us from giving you our service.
Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
Period for which we store your personal data: The shortest duration of the commented work, the deletion of the comment, or the deletion of your account.
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in managing user communication.
To manage inappropriate artwork reports.
Categories of your personal data we process: ibisAccount name, Twitter account name, Facebook account name, Apple account name, Device's model name, Artwork data, Inappropriate artwork report history, IP address.
We collect these categories of your personal data from your posting on our service.
If you do not provide them, it prevents us from giving you our service.
Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
Period for which we store your personal data: Until the end of this service.
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in managing user communication.
To manage user upload:
Categories of your personal data we process: ibisAccount name, Twitter account name, Facebook account name, Apple account name, Device's model name, and Artwork data.
We collect these categories of your personal data from your posting on our service.
If you do not provide them, it prevents us from giving you our service.
Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
Period for which we store your personal data: Until the deletion of artwork with the user's YouTube or Online Gallery account.
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in managing user communication.
To manage contest:
Categories of your personal data we process: Twitter account name, e-mail address, and Artwork data.
We collect these categories of your personal data from your posting on our service.
If you do not provide them, it prevents us from giving you our service.
Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
Period for which we store your personal data: Two (2) weeks after prize payment
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in managing contests.
To respond to your Enquiries (bug reports, requests, complaints, etc.):
Categories of your personal data we process: name, e-mail address, user-agent, and inquiry content.
We collect these categories of your personal data from your posting on our service.
If you do not provide them, it prevents us from giving you as appropriate and precise information as we can.
Lawful basis: the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract
Period for which we store your personal data: until deletion upon request.
Recipients we disclose your personal data to: our contractors that assist us in storing the user content.
3. SENSITIVE PERSONAL DATA
We usually do not collect and/or use sensitive categories of your personal data, such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation.
4. COOKIES
A cookie is a small text file that our website sends to your terminal Device for the purpose of keeping certain records.
By using cookies:
Your terminal devices (e.g. browsers) remember your preferences (e.g. language used) and activities (e.g. login status, etc.) on our website so that we can deliver a personalized and better user experience on our website (essential cookies);
We keep track of your interactions with our website, giving us useful and important insight for improving our website (performance cookies).
A cookie identifies your terminal Device, typically your web browser, but it cannot identify your individual identity.
5. TRANSFER TO OTHER COUNTRIES
We may engage third-party contractors, which assist us in processing your personal data for the purposes described above. These contractors are established and located in Japan and the United States.
When the Recipients are located in Japan, your personal data is protected in accordance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information of Japan. The European Commission and the UK have decided that Japan ensure an adequate level of data protection (the "Adequacy Decisions") and that personal data can be lawfully transferred to Japan without requiring any specific authorization.
In the event that we transfer your data to an entity located outside Japan, we protect your rights with personal data by virtue of a data transfer contract with the relevant recipient.
6. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
We transfer your personal data to other corporations (some are in overseas) as follows.
Advertising Demand
To display advertisements in our service, we transfer data which do not identify personal such as advertising identifier, IP address or device information to other corporations called advertising demands, which will be listed later. When you use ad-free version of our service, these data are not collected nor transferred.
Transferred data are used by advertising demands to optimize advertisements displayed in our service for you.
These data will be retained until you end the use of our service, and each advertising demand destroys the data.
These data are transferred via internet when the program of our service tries to display advertisements.
You can refuse to transfer these data via the “Privacy” section in the “Settings window” of our app. In this case, our service may display advertisements not optimized for you.
Advertising demands we transfer your personal data are as follows. Each URL includes the email address or contact form for the privacy officer of it.
① AdMob（Google AdMob）
Google AdMob is located in USA.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://business.safety.google/compliance/
② AppLovin （AppLovin Corporation）
AppLovin is located in USA.
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
③ fluct （fluct, Inc.）
fluct, Inc. is located in Japan.
https://corp.fluct.jp/privacy/ads
④ InMobi （InMobi Pte. Ltd.）
InMobi Pte. Ltd. is located in Singapore.
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
⑤ Pangle （ByteDance Pte. Ltd.）
ByteDance Pte. Ltd. is located in Singapore.
https://www.pangleglobal.com/jp/privacy/enduser-en
⑥ AdColony（AdColony Inc.）
AdColony Inc. is located in USA.
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
⑦ nend（FAN Communications, Inc.）
FAN Communications, Inc. is located in Japan.
https://nend.net/privacy/sdkpolicy
⑧ maio（i-mobile Co., Ltd.）
i-mobile Co., Ltd. is located in Japan.
https://www.i-mobile.co.jp/privacy.html
⑨ Unity Ads（Unity Technologies）
Unity Technologies is located in USA.
https://unity.com/legal/developer-privacy-policy
⑩ FIVE（LY Corporation）
LY Corporation is located in Japan.
https://line.me/en/terms/policy/
⑪ AMoAd（CyberAgent, Inc.）
CyberAgent, Inc. is located in Japan.
https://privacy-policy.cyberagent.ai/
⑫ PubMatic, Inc.
PubMatic, Inc. is located in Japan.
https://pubmatic.co.jp/legal/privacy-policy/
Advertisement Distributor
To advertise our services, we transfer data which do not identify personal such as IP address or device information to other corporations called advertisement distributors, which will be listed later.
Transferred data are used by advertisement distributors to measure performance of advertisements or optimize where / how to display the advertisements.
These data will be retained until you end the use of our service, and each advertisement distributor destroys the data.
These data are transferred via internet when you launch our app at the first time.
You can refuse to transfer these data in the dialog which will be displayed when you launch our app at the first time. There is no impact for you by this.
Advertisement distributors we transfer your personal data are as follows. Each URL includes the email address or contact form for the privacy officer of it.
① Google Ads (Google LLC.)
Google LLC. is located in USA.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://business.safety.google/compliance/
Analytics Data
To improve our service, we transfer data which do not identify personal such as device identifier, device information, app information, crash logs to analytics services provided by other corporations which will be listed later.
For the location of the corporation providing each analytics service, please see the website of it.
Transferred data will be used to create statistical data of user behavior, or to investigate issues of our service.
These data will be retained until you end the use of our service, and each analytics service destroys the data.
These data are transferred via internet while you are using our service.
You can refuse to transfer these data in the dialog which will be displayed when you launch our app at the first time. There is no impact for you by this.
Analytics services we transfer your personal data are as follows. Each URL includes the email address or contact form for the privacy officer of it.
① Google Analytics (Google LLC.)
Google LLC. is located in USA.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://business.safety.google/compliance/
② Firebase (Google LLC.)
Google LLC. is located in USA.
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://business.safety.google/compliance/
③ HUAWEI Analytics (Huawei Technologies Co., Lid.)
We transfer your data to this analytics service only when you are using our app distributed in HUAWEI AppGallery.
Huawei Technologies Co., Lid. is located in China.
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/
YouTube API
To provide a feature that enables you to upload a video generated by our app to your YouTube channel and play it in our service, our service use YouTube API. YouTube API uses cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and collect data directly or indirectly on the devices and browsers through which users use our service.
YouTube is operated by Google LLC., a corporation located in USA.
Transferred data will be used to provide the function required by the user.
The data will be retained until you end the use of our service, and Google LLC. destroys the data.
These data are transferred via internet when you use a function of our service related to YouTube.
You can refuse to transfer these data in the Google’s web page for security settings. In this case, you will not use features related to YouTube in our service.
Please see below for the YouTube Terms of Use, Google Privacy Policy, and the Google Security Settings page.
① YouTube Terms of Use (Google LLC.)
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
② Google Privacy Policy (Google LLC.)
https://policies.google.com/privacy
③ Google Security Settings page (Google LLC.)
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
Microsoft
Our application which runs on Windows includes Microsoft Edge WebView 2 runtime. This runtime includes Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and it will collect and transfer your data to Microsoft as is described in Microsoft’s privacy whitepaper, which will be listed later.
Microsoft is a corporation located in USA.
The usage of transferred data is described in the Microsoft’s privacy statement. We ourselves do not process any of the data collected by Microsoft’s software contained in our product.
These data will be retained until you end the use of our service, and Microsoft destroys the data.
These data are transferred via internet while you use our product on Windows OS.
If you do not wish to transfer your data to Microsoft, do not use our product on Windows OS.
Microsoft’s documents on privacy are as follows:
① Microsoft’s privacy statement
https://aka.ms/privacy
② Microsoft’s privacy whitepaper
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper#smartscreen
7. DELETION OF PERSONAL DATA
We will destroy personal data without delay when the retention period is expired or when the purpose of it has been achieved.
If we must continue to retain certain personal data in accordance with a law even after it is no longer needed or the retain period has expired, we will not use it for any purpose other than to comply with that law.
The procedures and methods for destroying personal data are as follows:
The personal data will be removed from our databases or storages automatically or manually when the reason for destruction has occurred.
8. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Provided that certain conditions are met, you have legal rights to request from us the following:
Revocation of a previously given consent to our processing of your personal data
Access to your personal data and to certain supplementary information covered by this policy;
Rectification of your personal data if inaccurate or incomplete;
Erasure of your personal data in certain circumstances;
Suspension of using your personal data in certain circumstances;
Stopping processing your personal data in certain circumstances; and
Obtaining your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
If you wish to exercise your rights, please contact us.
9. COMPLAINT
You can lodge complaints about our way of processing your personal data with the data protection supervisory authorities of your country of residence in accordance with the data protection law where you reside.
10. INQUIRY
ibis inc. PMS Office
Nakamo Building, 4th Floor
3-17-34 Meieki, Nakamura Ward, Nagoya City, Aichi
450-0002, Japan
E-mail:
※If you determine the personal information management
		of our company to be inadequate, please address your complaint to our company first.
※An authorized personal information protection organization is
		a third-party organization that handles complaint processing and provision of information related
		to personal information as prescribed by the Personal Information Protection Law.　
		(It is not an address for inquiries about our company’s products and services.)
※In order to prevent spam mail, all addresses
		on our company’s website are displayed as images.　Please input the address manually when making inquiries.
		Sorry for the inconvenience.
Created: August 1st, 2007
Latest revision: November 30, 2023
ibis inc.
Eiji Kamiya, President and CEO
News
Follow!
@ibisPaint
↑Top
Top
Information
Tutorials
FAQ
Artwork Rankings
New
Daily Rankings
Monthly Rankings
Yearly Rankings
Artist Rankings
Illustration
Comic
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Us
ibisPaint For Educational Institutions
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Copyright(C) ibis inc. All rights reserved.