LINE PLAY Privacy Policy
LINE PLAY
LINE PLAY
Privacy Policy
Tap
here
if you are not a US user
This privacy policy relates to the website
http://lp.play.line.me/en/
and the LINE PLAY app available on iOS and Android platforms. The website and app are owned and operated by LY Corporation. LY Corporation. takes your privacy seriously. Below we have outlined how we collect your information and how it is used.
Children’s Privacy
Children 12 and under can play the LINE PLAY app. We collect a user ID, password, and parent email address, device information, and OS information from these users. They are not able to chat or post any content in the service. We do not collect any further information from them in the service. These users are not able to share or access social media in the app. They will not receive push notifications, and we do not otherwise use the user ID to contact users who are 12 and under. There is no advertising for users 12 and under. In-app purchasing is available to enhance your child’s use of service.
Some areas of the app require you to be 13 or older. Please see our general privacy policy below to find out more.
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
LINE PLAY CORPORATION is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured Program (“the Program”) for COPPA Safe Harbor Certification. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online.
COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO COPPA certification seal. The certification seal posted on this page indicates LINE PLAY CORPORATION has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at 82-2-2112-2131 or
dl_lineplayprivacy@linecorp.com
. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com
.
What Information We Collect From Children
We collect a username/ID, password and, parent email address, device information, and OS information from users 12 and under. The parent email address is used only to notify you that your child has registered for LINE PLAY and for account administration. We also collect non-personal information about the use of our website and app to better understand the use and improve our service. We use third parties, Adjust SDK for Android and iPhone operated by TUNE, INC., which collect persistent identifiers to provide support for internal operation of the Service as permitted by relevant law. These third parties are prohibited from sharing this data.
	                Please
click here
for more information on TUNE, Inc.
Third Parties used in relation to children
We use Firebase analytics to help us better understand your use of the app. They are prohibited from sharing your user data. For more information, please see their privacy policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
					We work with third party ad networks Unity and DoubleClick to serve contextual ads in the app and on our website. For more information, please review their privacy policies: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy and https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US.
If you would like to review or remove your child’s information or account please contact us via
this form.
General Privacy Policy
If you are a user 13 or older you can log into LINE PLAY using Facebook, Twitter or your LINE account. LINE PLAY is a free communication app where you can create an avatar and chat. In-app purchases are available.
Personal information
•  When you create an account we collect the following information to provide support for internal operations of your site or service:
Device information, OS information.
• In LINE PLAY we collect:
E-mail address for the Avatar contest, Winner’s home address (only in Japan), Payment Information,SNS log-in data.
	                If you are a user 13 or older, you may choose to upload information such as date of birth, job, gender, and blood type as part of your diary information. Please note that diary information may be accessed, viewed, and/or copied by other users.
Use of the Service
•  Cookies
To provide the best possible service to users, as well as for maintenance and security purposes, Cookies will be used to store user settings, to record access figures as well as monitoring usage patterns and statistics. Users can choose to deactivate Cookies, however in such circumstances users will not be able to use parts of the Service which require Cookies to be active such as those requiring users to login.
•  Logs
Upon access to the Service, the user’s IP address, browser type, and browser language etc., will be automatically obtained and stored. Such information will be used to analyze user environments, thereby enabling the Company to provide a better Service, as well as to prevent any unauthorized/fraudulent practices which interfere with normal Service operations.
• Location Information
Some of the Services may use location information transmitted from users' mobile phones/devices. The Company only uses such information within the scope that is necessary in order to provide the designated service. When users have not allowed their location information to be sent via the settings menu on their devices, location information will not be sent.
• Device Information
The users’ device information (OS type, serial number, PC hardware information etc.) may be acquired at times. This information shall be used for the provision of a better service, as well as for identification purposes and prevention of any unauthorized/fraudulent practices which interfere with normal Service operations.
If you would like to review or remove your information please contact us via
this form.
Purpose of User Information
Regarding the scope of usage, if usage rules and limitations have already been determined upon collection of a particular set of user information, as is the case concerning the use of phone-book data, the information concerned shall only be used in accordance with the scope of that particular function. For all other cases, the Company shall use the acquired personal information for the following purposes listed below:
• to find people who the user knows, or may know and recommend or register them as friends
• to prevent any unauthorized/fraudulent use of the Service
• to offer an undisturbed and smooth Service to users
• to aggregate statistical data regarding the Service
• to conduct research and analysis aimed at reviewing and improving Services
• to enable the Company to deal effectively with user inquiries
• to provide information regarding the Service etc., as well as advertising information from our partner businesses
• to provide new future developments regarding the Service
• to draw winners for promotional events, courier gifts to those winners, and to deliver purchased products, etc.
• to perform identity checks when a user makes an inquiry etc.
• to process claims relating to purchased items and paid services
• to notify users of any other important information regarding the Service and to contact users where necessary
Third Parties and Cookies
LINE PLAY works with third parties, Adjust SDK for Android and iPhone operated by TUNE, INC., Facebook SDK for Android and iPhone operated by Facebook Inc. to better understand your use of the website and app and to provide a better service. Below are types of information we collect via third party.
MAT: Country information, Device information, IP address, Language information, OS version, User-agent, App install information, Resource patch, Login information, Avatar create information, Room tutorial, Square tutorial, Attendance information, Purchase, Google Ad ID and Android ID for Android; and IDFA, IDFV for iOS.
Facebook: Logging App Activation, Purchases, App install information, Resource patch, Login information, Avatar create information, Room tutorial, Square tutorial, Attendance information, Google Ad ID for Android; and IDFA for iOS.
These third parties are prohibited from sharing data. Please
click here
for more information on TUNE, Inc.,
click here
for more information on Facebook Inc.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. Different websites can each send their own cookies to your browser if your preferences allow it. Your browser only allows a site to access the cookies it sent to you, not the cookies sent by other sites. You can configure your browser to accept or reject cookies. All browsers are different, so go to the help section of your browser to find out how to do this.
LINE PLAY allows you to sign in using your LINE, Facebook or Twitter accounts. This privacy policy applies only to information collected on
http://lp.play.line.me/en/
and in the LINE PLAY app. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of partner or other sites and we encourage you to be aware and read the privacy policies of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information.
Please
click here
to read LY Corporation’s privacy policy.
Please
click here
to read Facebook’s privacy policy.
Please
click here
to read Twitter’s privacy policy.
Links to Other Sites
This privacy policy only applies to information collected on
http://lp.play.line.me/en/
and in the LINE PLAY app. The app and site may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by LY Corporation. LY Corporation is not responsible for these sites. Please be aware of the privacy policies for other sites when leaving LINE PLAY.
Security
LY Corporation. is committed to protecting the security of your personal information, although we cannot guarantee it. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure
Disclosures
LY Corporation. reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and if LY Corporation. believes that the disclosure is necessary to protect our rights,  to protect the rights, property, or safety of other persons; to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us; or in connection with an actual or proposed corporate transaction or insolvency proceeding involving all or part of the business or assets to which the information pertains.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically. Users will be notified of important changes in a recognizable manner.
Contact
If you have any comments on this privacy policy please contact us via
this form.
This Privacy Policy has been created after separation from the LY Corporation Privacy Policy on 01 September, 2014.
	                 The last time we updated this Privacy Policy was 1st of October, 2023.
LY Corporation
1-3 Kioicho,Chiyoda-ku,Tokyo,102-8282,Japan
http://lp.play.line.me/en