Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
January 11, 2020
Privacy Policy for Hindi Calendar
At Hindi Calendar, accessible from privacy-policy-cal.blogspot.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Hindi Calendar and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at solocalendars@gmail.com
Log Files
Hindi Calendar follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Hindi Calendar uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Hindi Calendar. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Hindi Calendar, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Hindi Calendar has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies of Hindi Calendar
Hindi Calendar's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Hindi Calendar does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Hindi Calendar. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
Odia Calendar 2022 panjika Biraja Bhagyadeep panchangam with rashifala | Privacy Policy
June 27, 2021
Privacy Policy for Odia Calendar   At Odia Panjika 2022, accessible from https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=odia.calendar.kohinoor, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Odia Panjika 2022 and how we use it.   If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.   This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Odia Panjika 2022. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator .   Consent   By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.   Information we collect   The personal information that you are asked to p
Read more
Kannada Calendar Bangalore press mudranalaya privacy policy
July 31, 2021
Privacy Policy for Kannada Calendar   At Kannada Calendar App, accessible from Kannada Calendar , one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Kannada Calendar App and how we use it.   If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.   This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Kannada Calendar App. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator .   Consent   By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.   Information we collect   The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are ask
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
solo
Visit profile
Archive
December 2022
1
August 2021
2
July 2021
3
June 2021
1
April 2021
1
February 2021
1
December 2020
1
January 2020
1
Labels
bhagyadeep panji
Biraja
english calendar 2021
government holidays list 2021
government holidays list 2022
hindi
hindu calendar 2021
kohinoor odia panjika
lala ramswaroop ramnarayan panchang 2021
lala ramswaroop ramnarayan panchang 2023
marriage muhurtham
odia calendar
Odia calendar 2023
panchang
panchangam 2021
panchangam 2022
rashifala
tamil calendar 2021
tamil naat kati 2021
Show more
Show less
Report Abuse