Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We published applications on
Google Play
. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of
    Personal Information we receive from users of the our applications.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the applications. By using our applications, you
      agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our applications, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information
      that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not
      limited to your name ("Personal Information").
Log Data
Like many application pulibsher, we collect information that your device sends whenever you use our applications ("Log Data").
      This Log Data may include information such as your device identifier, device state, Internet Protocol ("IP") address,
      app pages that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional
    materials and push notification.
Security
We use HTTPS to transmit Log Data.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of
      transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to
      use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its
      absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of
2017
and will remain in effect except with respect to any
      changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this
      page
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this
      Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the
      Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your
      consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email
      address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our applications.