Blauer Stein
Blauer Stein
Wednesday 22 January 2020
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by Blauer Stein through our mobile applications and how we use that information. Our Product Category is Photography. These all apps are class Apps we created is only for User Entertainment purpose. Our Company developers continuously work on All Photography Apps and We Give Periodic Updates to Solve Problems And Bugs as well as to provide new features all for smooth User Experience.
1. What Information We Collect?
- Photos and Videos stored on the device
- Profile information, full name, date of birth, and etc
- Device information (OS type, serial number, mobile advertising ID, hardware information etc.) browser type, and browser language.
- Anonymous location data, including but not limited to user’s geo-location and WiFi network to which a user’s device is connected or in-range where applicable.
2. How We Use Your Information
In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to:
provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or     other forms of marketing
provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service
develop and test new products and features
monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
diagnose or fix technology problems
automatically update the Blauer Stein application on your device
3. How we protect your information
We have implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please note that although we take reasonable measures to protect your information, no app, website, Internet transmission, computer system or wireless connection is completely secure.
4. Sharing Of Your Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
5. Google Adsense
We may disclose Non-personal data to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect Non-personal data through their own embedded technology. In order to deliver ads to you, the third-party advertising companies may place or recognize unique cookies, anonymous identifiers or similar technology for non-personally identifiable information.
Our Apps Uses Google Ad mob As Ads Provider in Our Applications, Which Compliant With New Add Policy On Play Store, Though There Could Be Programming Errors, & Sometime Programming Errors May Cause Unwanted Side Effects.
6. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or any complaints or comments on how the Company handle the user information related to the Service, please drop a mail to blauerstein33@gmail.com.
Posted by
Blauer Stein
at
07:32
No comments:
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
About Me
Blauer Stein
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
▼
2020
(1)
▼
January
(1)
This Privacy Policy describes the information col...
Picture Window theme. Powered by
Blogger
.