Privacy Policy
j labs apps
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 1, 2022
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by j labs, Inc. and our subsidiaries (collectively, "j labs") when you use our websites, mobile applications (e.g. Loud Alarm Clock, Morning Messages, SpeakToSnooze, Math Alarm Clock, Alarm Clock etc) and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites' homepages or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, use the Services to send or receive messages, including audio messages created via our Services ("MMs”), request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your username, password, email address, phone number, age and any other information you choose to provide.
When you send or receive messages, we also temporarily collect, process and store the contents of those messages on our servers. The contents of those messages are also temporarily stored on the devices of recipients. Once all recipients have viewed an MM,  our Services are programmed to delete the MM from the Morning Messages app on the recipients' devices. Please note that users with access to the Save feature are able to save an MM to their device and listen to it indefinitely. Additionally, we cannot guarantee that deletion of any message always occurs within a particular timeframe. We also cannot prevent others from making copies of your messages (e.g. by recording the audio themselves). In addition, as for any other digital information, there may be ways to access messages while still in temporary storage on recipients' devices or, forensically, even after they are deleted. You should not use j labs apps such as Morning Messages to send messages if you want to be certain that the recipient cannot keep a copy.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Usage Information:
When you send or receive messages via our Services, we collect information about these messages, including the time, date, sender and recipient of the MM. We also collect information about the number of messages sent and received between you and your friends and which friends you exchange messages with most frequently.
Log Information:
We log information about your use of our websites, including your browser type and language, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the website you visited before navigating to our websites.
Device Information:
We may collect information about the computer or device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, MAC address, unique device identifier, phone number, International Mobile Equipment Identity ("IMEI") and mobile network information. In addition, the Services may access your device's native phonebook and image storage applications, with your consent, to facilitate your use of certain features of the Services. For more information about how you can control our access to these applications, please see "Your Choices" below.
Location Information:
With your consent, we may collect information about the location of your device to facilitate your use of certain features of our Services, determine the speed at which your device is traveling, add location-based filters to your MMs (such as local weather), and for any other purpose described in this privacy policy. For more information about how you can control our collection of location information, please see "Your Choices" below.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"). For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services, including to provide additional features and content for your messages;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by j labs and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content or features that match user profiles or interests;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
Detect, investigate and/or prevent fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
j labs is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With other users when you send them messages, including your username and the contents of the MM you send them.
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to legal process or a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, rule, or regulation, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
In order to investigate or remedy potential violations of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of j labs, our users or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services on our behalf. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand your online activity.
We work with Flurry to provide analytics in connection with j labs mobile applications. For more information about Flurry's privacy practices, please visit
http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html
. To opt-out of Flurry Analytics tracking used with j labs mobile applications visit
http://www.flurry.com/user-opt-out.html
. We also work with Crashlytics to provide analytics on application crashes in connection with j labs mobile applications. For more information about Crashlytic’s privacy practices, please visit
http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/
. Flurry and Crashlytics are separate companies and cannot assist with j labs-specific issues.
Security
We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Children
We do not knowingly collect personal information from users under the age of thirteen. We do, however, allow children under the age of thirteen to use certain areas or features of our Services that do not involve the collection of user information, aside from certain device information that may be collected as necessary to the operation and support of the Services.
Your Choices
Account Information
If you wish to delete your account, please send an email to support@jlabs.me, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law, for legitimate business purposes, or as part of our regular retention practices. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Facebook Information
j labs applications such as Morning Messages use Facebook Login as a login option.  When you log into j labs applications with your Facebook account, it can access information you’ve added on Facebook in order to provide a social and personalized experience on the site. j labs applications will also be able to access any permissions you allowed the application access to (e.g. birthday information, friends’ birthdays). The Facebook Platform Policies restrict how these sites can use this information. These policies can be found at
http://developers.facebook.com/policy
. For instance, if you’ve blocked someone on Facebook, that person will not be able to see you on a site or application you've logged into. When other people log into a website or application, those people will not be able to see information you’ve added through Facebook that they wouldn’t otherwise be able to see simply by browsing Facebook. You can decide what types of information your friends’ apps can access from the Apps > Apps others use section on the Account Settings page of your Facebook account.
Device Information
Certain features of the Services require access to your device's native phonebook and image storage applications (e.g., to find friends, set background photo for app).  If you later decide to revoke your consent and prevent us from continuing to access your phonebook and image storage applications, you can do so by either changing the settings on your device, if this settings option is provided by your device operating system, or by following the standard uninstall process and removing our Services from your device. On iOS devices, you can grant or revoke your consent at any time and prevent us from continuing to access your phonebook and image storage applications by changing the settings on your device.
Location
When you first launch any features of our Services that collect location information, you will be asked to consent to our collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device. If you do so, certain features of our Services will no longer function. You may also stop our collection of location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove our Services from your device.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our website.
Push Notifications/Alerts
j labs may send push notifications or alerts to your device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your device.
Contact
To contact us, please send an email to support@jlabs.me
Copyright © j labs 2018