Privacy policy
Home
Apps
Contacts
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Posted in
EN
Individual Entrepreneur Gorsky Alexsander Vladimirovich (mEL Studio) built the "Yoga for weight loss－Lose plan" app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Individual Entrepreneur Gorsky Alexsander Vladimirovich (mEL Studio) at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms and Conditions
, which is accessible at the Service unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Personal data
Personal data refers to personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address). We do NOT collect, store or use any of your Personal data.
If you contact us by email, then we will use your email address only for the purpose of contacting you. This will be only in response to a communication from you.
User Entered Data
All data entered into the applications by you remain on your device. We never pass this data and we never use it.
Information Collection and Use
I may share Your Personal Information with third parties that perform certain services on our behalf, such as our authorized service providers or analytics providers. In general, the third-party providers engaged by us will only collect, use and disclose Your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us, e.g. facilitating our Service, arranging marketing campaigns on Our behalf, and analyzing how our Service is used. You can learn more about the main service providers with whom we may share Your Personal Information as described above hereunder, along with links to such service providers’ privacy policies, which we recommend You read, depending on whether You use the App.
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to advertising ID, IP address. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
Provide and deliver the products, services, and functionality that you request process transactions, and send you related information.
Monitor and analyze trends and usage, Develop, improve, and refine products, services, and functionality, Personalize the Services by providing advertisements, content, or features that match user profiles or interests.
Link to the Privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
Appodeal
- By using our Apps, you may be offered advertising content;
Google Fit
-  You will also have an option to permit us to import health data into the App from third-party services such as Google Fit. Permitting us to access third-party information can help you to maximize your App experience, and we will handle any such third-party information in accordance with this Privacy Policy;
Google Analytics
- our mobile applications can use Google Analytics to help analyze how users behave with our applications. We mainly look out how long users have spent in the applications, how many screens were displayed, and the location(Country/Region) of our users. This information is then used to evaluate the use of our applications and to improve usability;
Adapty
- Implement in-app subscriptions and purchases;
Firebase Crashlytics
- To track errors and crashes in the application;
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies with respect to the information we are required to provide to them for Your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that You read their privacy policies so that You can understand the manner in which Your Personal Information will be handled by these providers (can be contacted through their websites:
https://play.google.com
).
International Data Transfers
Please note that our business is global, so when You provide Personal Information through our Service, the information may be sent to servers located in different countries around the world.
Android device permissions used
This is a complete list of permissions requested by the latest version of the app. This list will be updated as the set of necessary permissions and the intents of their usage change.
Network communication (ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE, BILLING, INTERNET)
Purpose: Permissions are required to make a purchase through Google Play billing service, to use As Services.
Storage (WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE, READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE)
Purpose: Permissions are required due to backup/restore purposes, to write an APP in ExternalSD, to store photos and images added to the app by the user, to attach photos from the phone or tablet from the gallery.
Vibration (VIBRATE)
Purpose: Permission is required for notifications during workouts.
Camera(CAMERA)
Purpose: Permission is required for tracking body changes in period, to attach photos to the application.
Alarms (SET_ALARM)
Purpose: For settings notifications, reminders, and alarms.
Activity recognition (android.permission.ACTIVITY_RECOGNITION, com.google.android.gms.permission.ACTIVITY_RECOGNITION)
Purpose: Permission is required for the Google Fit synchronization, to write down workouts progress, calories expended during training sessions.
Alarms reinstall (android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED)
Purpose: For settings notifications, reminders, and alarms after device reboot.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in the case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
This Service does not address anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16. If we discover that a child under 16 has provided us with Personal Information, we shall take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account. If You are a parent or a guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions.
Acceptance of the terms
By using our applications, you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy, please do not install or use our applications. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
.
Last Updated: September 1, 2022
© 2016 - 2022, mEL Studio.
E-mail:
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Privacy Policy