Privacy Policy
----Everything We Do Is Striving For Your Best Experience.
Your privacy is our priority, therefore your personal information is protected by this Privacy Policy
                    in a way that does not allow our company aMessage studio (hereinafter as the "Company" "Messages",
                    "our", "we" or "us") or any of its affiliates to store nor make use of it under any circumstance,
                    unless properly anonymized and/or encrypted beforehand and either to ensure our Services or for
                    logging, debugging or machine learning purposes only.
We are committed to strong and meaningful privacy protections. Our Privacy Policy details the
                    information we collect, how we use and share it, and the choices you have about how your information
                    is used and shared; when using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer,
                    manipulation, storage and other uses of this information as described in this Privacy Policy. We’ve
                    summarized key elements of the policy here for your convenience.
I.General
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to all products/software, services and websites
                    of aMessage studio. (aMessage studio, "Company" "Messages", "our", "we" or "us") (collectively,
                    the "Services"). You ("you" or "your") consent to this Privacy Policy for collecting, using,
                    disclosing and handling of your information (personal and device information) in connection with
                    your access to, and use of, the Services.
aMessage studio reserves the right to modify these policies at any time. We invite you to
                    periodically consult this section for possible updates and changes. Notification of any major
                    changes may be sent to you by email or a system message to your account.
aMessage studio provides "Free" Services as well as paid Services for users. In order to pay for
                    the "Free" Service, personalized advertisements are placed before you. Your information is used
                    to personalize the advertisements.
The Services are not intended for use by anyone who is not able to enter into a legally binding
                    contract. In any event, if you under 13 years old or if you are not able to legally form binding
                    contracts, you may not use any of the Services or submit information about yourself to Us. If
                    you have objections to this Privacy Policy, you should not access, sign up for, or use any of
                    the Services.
If you wish to contact our Privacy Officer, you may contact with Email:
amessage.studio@gmail.com
.
Here's a summary of our Privacy Policy.
II.Sharing of your information
1. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable
                    information.
2. We may disclose your Non-personal information:
3. To trusted third parties who assist us in operating our app, conducting our business, cooperation
                    with us or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
4. Detect, prevent, or otherwise fraud, security or technical issues;
5. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety, our users or the public as required or
                    permitted by law.
III.What information does Messages collect?
When you voluntarily choose to use our services, applications or provide us with your personal
                    information, we may access your personal information.
1) SMS and MMS: function use. When you use SMS and MMS services, the app will temporarily access your
                    system's SMS content for SMS sending and receiving. The charging of message content depends on the
                    operator you use. The information will not collect and store your SMS content. Set messages as your
                    default SMS application to experience more messaging capabilities.
2) User location information: function usage. To provide real-time location sharing service, you can
                    send location information to contacts via SMS, and the app will use your location information. You
                    can change the authorization permission in the system setting function of the device or in the
                    actual use scenario of the APP
3) User behavior collected through application interaction. In order to enhance the product
                    experience and improve our products, we or the third-party service providers we use to provide
                    services on our behalf may collect data about your interactions through some of our services, such
                    as: point data.
4) Device information. When you use the service, we or the third-party service provider we use to
                    provide services on our behalf will collect device specific information (IP address, advertiser ID,
                    device ID, browser type and settings, device type and settings, and operating system (such as
                    Android)) and crash log data of your application, such as the number of application crashes, stack
                    trace, or other information directly related to crashes. Used to improve user experience and product
                    performance.
Under the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wishes
                    or legal provisions:
1) Your prior permission;
2) According to the applicable laws, legal procedures and litigation claims within or outside your
                    country of residence;
3) At the request of public and governmental authorities;
4) To safeguard our legitimate rights and interests.
Other data we may access
We will also visit the following information to provide you an enhanced user experience and better
                    services as well as to improve our products.The information that may be accessed, collected or
                    shared may be used for application analysis or advertising analysis or other third-party SDK, which
                    can be viewed in the privacy policy of "APPENDIX - ADVERTISING NETWORKS AND PARTNERS" below.
Device & app history
Retrieve running apps
Read your Web bookmarks and history
Mobile data settings
Change/intercept network settings and traffic
Identity/Contacts
Find accounts on the device
Read/ Modify your contacts
Read your own contact card
Calendar
Email address
Phone number
Read calendar events plus confidential information
SMS
Read your text messages (SMS or MMS)
Receive text messages (SMS /MMSWAP)
Send SMS messages
Phone
Directly call phone numbers
Reroute outgoing calls
Read call log
Read phone status and identity
Photos / Media / Files / Storage
Read the contents of your USB storage
Modify / delete the contents of your USB storage
Camera/ Microphone
Take pictures and videos
Record audio
Wi-Fi connection information
View Wi-Fi connections
Device ID & call information
Read phone status and identity
Users with whom you share your information
We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do
                    not, control the information you share with other users using an Application, the Services or the
                    Site (including via Forums) or how such other users will use or share such information. We are not
                    responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.
Messaging Services
1) READ PHONE STATE: cellular information allowing a faster and more responsive user
                    experience
2) READ CONTACTS: allows you to select the contacts you want to send SMS/MMS messages
                    to Our Software Messages require certain permissions on your smartphone:
3) READ AND WRITE SMS: permission required to read, write and send SMS/MMS messages
4) AUDIO RECORD: required to send audio messages via MMS
5) CAMERA: this permission is needed to send photos/videos via MMS
IV.How and why we use your information?
1.We use your information to communicate with you, to ensure our services are working as intended, to
                    make improvements to our services, to develop our business, and to protect against fraud and spam.
2.We may access some sensitive permissions with your consent to provide you with SMS receiving and
                    sending services. For example: SMS and call permissions.
Of course, you can refuse to grant relevant permissions. In this case, it may not be possible to
                    provide you with corresponding services.
3.We provide the impersonal information we collect to third parties, such as advertisers, in order to
                    provide
                    you with commercial advertisements. The provision of such information generate revenue to pay in
                    part or in whole for the Services. We do not provide personal information to third parties except
                    for billing purposes.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this
                    information used by these companies, click here (
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
)
                    .
4. We may use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We may use
                    automated systems to analyze your information to provide you with personalized services and
                    personalized advertisements. And we may analyze your information to help us detect abuse such as
                    spam, malware, and illegal content.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our
                    products.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop,
                    share, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or
                    regulations by law:
1) Your prior permission;
2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process,
                    litigation requests;
3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
V.Security
We implement industry standard security measures intended to protect against the loss, misuse and
                    alteration of the information under our control. Please be aware that no data transmission over the
                    Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the
                    security of any information you transmit on or through the Service and you do so at your own risk.
VI.Data transfer
As our servers are in many countries around the world, we may transfer the Personal User Information
                    we obtain to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected.
                    When we transfer the Personal User Information to other countries, we will protect that Personal
                    User Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
VII.Third-party service providers
We use a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services, such as hosting services,
                    including Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure, analytics services, such
                    as Google Analytics, and Google Firebase, bug report services, such as Instabug, and transactional
                    SMS services.
VIII.Retention
Currently aMessage does not collect, store or use any personal sensitive information.
If there is any retention of personal data information, the following principles will be followed.
1. Personal data shall be processed and stored as long as required by the purpose they have been
                    collected.
Therefore:
1）Personal data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between
                    us and you shall be retained until such contact has been fully performed.
2）Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Company’s legitimate interests shall
                    be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information
                    regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Company within the relevant sections of this
                    document or by contacting the Company.
2. The company may be allowed to retain personal data for a longer period whenever the User has given
                    consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Company may
                    be obligated to retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the
                    performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
3. Once the retention period expires, personal data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access,
                    the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be
                    enforced after expiration of the retention period.
4. Log Data
Our servers automatically record information ("Log Data") generated upon your connection to the
                    Services. Our Log Data is anonymous, therefore it will NOT include information such as your IP
                    address, user ID, phone number, cookie information, browser type, operating system or device model,
                    location, carrier or internet service provider information.
IX.Our policy toward children
Our Services are not directed to children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her
                    child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us
                    and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
X.Privacy consent management
In compliance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer
                    Privacy Act (CCPA), we display a privacy disclosure inside the app where users can unambiguously
                    provide their consent for the collection of the data described in the present terms. User consent is
                    collected and stored inside the app and can be revoked by the user at any time by resetting the app
                    storage from their Android settings or by uninstalling and reinstalling the app. Users may also
                    exercise their right to be forgotten by third-party advertisers by resetting their Android
                    Advertising identifier in their Android settings r by contacting directly any of our advertisement
                    providers listed in the ‘Advertisement’ section.
XI.For Individuals in European Economic Area, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom
1. This section only applies to individuals that access or use our Service while located in the
                    European Economic Area, Switzerland and/or United Kingdom at the time of data collection. We may ask
                    you to identify which country you are located in when you use some of the Services, or we may rely
                    on your IP address to identify which country you are located in.
2. We act as a data controller with regard to any personal information collected from individuals
                    accessing or using its Service. A "data controller" is an entity that determines the purposes for
                    which and the manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties that act as
                    our service providers or are otherwise acting on our behalf are "data processors" that handle your
                    personal information in accordance with our instructions.
3. Your Individual Rights. We provide you with the rights described below when you use our Service.
                    If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us at
                    amessage.studio@gmail.com. Please note, we may seek to verify your identity when we receive an
                    individual rights request from you in order to ensure the security of your personal information.
1）Right to Withdraw Your Consent. If we ever asked for your consent to process your
                    personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. A withdrawal of
                    consent will not affect the lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third parties
                    based on consent before your withdrawal.
2）Right of Access. Upon your request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal
                    information in our files without undue delay and free of charge, unless we permitted by law to
                    charge a fee. Your access may be limited to the extent it would adversely affect the rights and
                    freedoms of other individuals.
3）Right to Rectification (or "Correction"). You may request to correct or update any of
                    your personal information in our files. We may provide you with the ability to update some or all of
                    your personal information directly via the Services.
4）Right to Restriction. You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal
                    information under certain conditions. During the time which restriction of processing applies, we
                    will only process your restricted personal information with your consent or for the establishment,
                    exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal
                    person or for reasons of important public interest. We will inform you if or when the restriction is
                    lifted.
5）Right to Erasure . Upon your request, we will erase any of your personal information
                    in our files that: is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or
                    otherwise processed; was collected in relation to processing that you previously consented to, but
                    later withdrew such consent; or was collected in relation to processing activities to which you
                    object, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.
6）Right to Object. You may object to our processing at any time and as permitted by
                    applicable law if we process your personal information on the legal bases of: consent; contract; or
                    legitimate interests. We may continue to process your personal information if it is necessary for
                    the defense of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
7）Right to Data Portability. If we process your personal information based on a
                    contract with you or based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you
                    may request to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable
                    format, and to have us transfer your personal information directly to another "controller," where
                    technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of
                    others. You right to data portability only applies to personal information provided by you to us.
4. Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information. We describe our legal bases for processing
                    throughout this Policy. Below is a list of the purposes described in our policy with the
                    corresponding legal bases for processing:
1）Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes;
2）provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User
                    and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
3）processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is
                    subject;
4）processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the
                    exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
5）processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the
                    Owner or by a third party.
6）Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling. You have the right not to
                    be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of your personal information,
                    including profiling, which produces legal or similarly significant effects on you, unless an
                    exception applies under applicable law.
7）Notification to Third Parties. When we fulfill your individual rights requests for
                    correct (or rectification), erasure or restriction of processing, we will notify third parties also
                    handling the relevant personal information unless this proves impossible or involves
                    disproportionate effort. Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.
8）Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling. You have the right not to
                    be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of your personal information,
                    including profiling, which produces legal or similarly significant effects on you, unless an
                    exception applies under applicable law.
9）Limitations to Individual Rights Requests. We may limit your individual rights
                    requests in the following ways:
10）Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
11）When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
12）To protect our rights and properties; and
13）Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
14）Transfer of Your Personal Information. We transfer your personal information subject
                    to appropriate safeguards as permitted under the applicable data protection laws. For such
                    transfers, we rely on legal transfer mechanisms such as Standard Contractual Clauses or we work with
                    U.S. based third parties that are certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
                    Framework.
15）Right to Lodge Complaints. If you believe that we have infringed or violated your
                    privacy rights under applicable law or this Policy, please contact us at amessage.studio@gmail.com,
                    so that we can work with you to resolve your concerns. You also have a right to lodge a complaint
                    with a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your habitual residence, place
                    of work, or place of alleged infringement.
16）Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request
                    the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification,
                    erasure and portability of your own Personal Data.
17）Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent
                    at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
18）Requests should be submitted by contacting us through amessage.studio@gmail.com.
19）When there is an update on the Privacy Policy, we will display the update date at
                    the top of the Policy in an obvious position. We recommend that you carefully check the updated
                    content every time; when you continue to use our products or services, we shall always assume that
                    you agree to the terms and conditions that are effective at the most present time.
20）We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to
                    you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.
5. Our Services are not directed to children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her
                    child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us
                    at
amessage.studio@gmail.com
and we take reasonable steps to
                    ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
XII. Your California Privacy Rights
Messenger collects various types of personal information about you both online and one, as described
                    in this privacy policy. Under California law, Messenger customers who are residents of California
                    may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information during the prior
                    calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please
                    write to us at the following address:
amessage.studio@gmail.com
.
Our Services are not directed to children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her
                    child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us
                    at
amessage.studio@gmail.com
and we take reasonable steps to
                    ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share the above categories of Personal Data for certain business purposes, including:
Advertising
We may share or otherwise “sell” information with advertising partners who distribute advertising in
                    our Services. For further information on the advertising networks which may receive this
                    information, go to ‘APPENDIX A - Advertising networks and their partners’ below.
XIII.APPENDIX A - Advertising networks and their partners
Amazon Developer
Privacy Policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
AppLovin
Privacy Policy:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Facebook Audience Network
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Fyber
Privacy Policy:
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
Google AdMob and their partners
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Smaato and their vendors
Privacy Policy:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
For more information on the Smaato
                    Vendors, please visit:
https://www.smaato.com/partner-list
Pangle
Privacy Policy:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Unity Ads
Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
Privacy Policy page:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Inmobi
Privacy Policy:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
PubNative
Privacy Policy:
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
Criteo
Privacy Policy:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact aMessage studio:
Email:
amessage.studio@gmail.com
END
aMessage studio Team © 2022. Privacy Policy