Crack Your Screen by G6 Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: 10 July 2013
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") governs your use of a software application Crack Your Screen ("
Application
") on a mobile device that was created by G6 Solutions DOO Export-Import Skopje ("
G6
") and explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by G6
Automatically Collected Information -
In addition, the application may use, collect, transfer and/or transmit user's personal information (including but not limited to user's location information) automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, your mobile operating system, e-mail address, country code and information about the way you use the Application. See "Automatic Data Collection and Advertising" section for examples.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if [G6] is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information;
to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described below under the Section entitled Automatic Data Collection and Advertising.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
This Application is supported via advertising, and collects data to help the Application serve ads. We may work with analytics companies like Google Analytics to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low [or free]. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including the unique identification ID of your mobile device, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can't identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain information about other applications you've downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere.
If you'd like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled "Opt-out" below.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services.
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information.
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service and support
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions and events offered by G6, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you.
Personalize and improve our Services and provide tailored advertisements, content or features.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services.
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected
By accessing or using our Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide game-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages by G6.
Social Sharing Features
These services allow this Application to access Data from your social networks' accounts and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
Facebook account
. You can control the information that we receive from Facebook using the privacy settings in your Facebook account.

This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. Facebook will ask your permission to share certain information from your Facebook account with Crack Your Screen. This includes your basic info and link to your Facebook profile. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature provided by Facebook Inc. This information is collected by Facebook and is provided to us under the terms of Facebook's privacy policy.
Place of processing: USA -
Privacy Policy
OPT-OUT
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application -
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application. After uninstalling we will be in posession of your provided data. Your info will be used having in mind our "Use of information" policy. If you'd like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at info@g6solutions.com. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly, and we may be required to retain certain information by law.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at info@g6solutions.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
WThis Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time because of any reason. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website's homepage or sending you a push notification or email). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access our Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your Consent
By using the Services, you are consenting to our processing of Automatically Collection information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processingg means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S. your information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By using the Application and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the US.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@g6solutions.com.