K Keyboard
Home
Kika Keyboard
HiFont
Join us
About us
English
|
简体中文
PRIVACY POLICY – KKEYBOARD
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to KKeyboard Team (the “team”, “we” or “us”) and we are committed to protecting your privacy. KKeyboard provides this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use and disclose information, including what you may provide to us or that we obtain from our products and services. This Privacy Policy explains how we treat your information and protects your privacy when you use our mobile applications and related services (“the Software and Services”) and the rights and options available to you regarding your information. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use the Software and Services. The Software and Services may include various features and content that are offered and delivered to you by us and/or by third parties, such as news, messages, advertisements and games, as well as features and content that you may choose to add ("Content"). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES.
Information Collection & Usage
For better user experiences, we may collect the following information.
I. Photos
In order to use some of the features of the Software and Services (including but not limited to customizing keyboard themes or using portraits intelligence to generate comics avatars as emoji), you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photo stored in your mobile device. When you use photos to customize keyboard themes, we may collect your photos but will not save them. However, When you use portraits to generate comics avatars as emoji, we will send these portraits to our server to complete face recognition and save them. Therefore, if you don’t want us to store these portraits, please do not use this feature of the Software and Services.
II.  Support Related Information
If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may also collect your email address, name and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support (for example, your name, company name, and particular support query or request). Such information will only be used to provide you with support services and will not be connected with any other information collected from you on or through the Software and Services, including, any individual User ID (as defined below) generated or collected by us. When you use the Software and Services, we automatically generate an anonymous internal user ID (which does not personally identify you), which is assigned to your use of the Software and Services (the "User ID") and may be combined with any of the above information.
III. Technical Information
Certain technical information regarding your device, and your use of the Software and Services and other third party software and applications installed on your device (the “Other Software”), including the type, name and version of operating system and Other Software including, without limitation: (i) their interactions with the Software and Services, your configuration and settings of the Software and Services, version of the Software and Services; (ii)ISP (Internet Service Provider) , Internet protocol (IP) address, Media Access Control (MAC) address,anonymous user identifiers, device configuration and identifiers; (iii)Advertising ID (Identifier for Advertisers used in Android, such as Google advertising ID (GAID)); (iv) location; (v)Android ID.
IV..  Language Modelling Data
We provide multiple languages support in several products. For auto-correction and auto- suggestion, we need to store the frequent words of what you input encrypted and locally. That will help you type more faster. If the explicit agreement granted from the user, we will send parts of input separately to the server for the respective product improvement. As the treatment of product metrics, all of those data will NOT be used by anyone directly and will be removed from server as soon as possible after the programmatic processing for better language dictionaries.
V. The Names of Contacts
We use the first and last names of user contacts to help the user can input the name faster if the user enables auto-suggestion. The contact information is encrypted and stored locally in a secured zone which cannot be accessed by other apps generally. If our keyboard apps are removed by the user, the data will be destroyed by the system automatically.
Information Usage
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve the Software and Services. Additionally, we use your information to keep you safe. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information: 1 Deliver Services. Deliver the Software and Services to you and maintain, improve the quality and operation of the Software and Services, ensure their optimal functionality and operation. 2 Maintain Relationship. Identify, establish and manage your account and our relationship with you. 3 Respond Requests. Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests. 4 Customize Content. (i) To improve and customize the Software and Services; (ii) To provide you personalized content, including through the delivery of targeted interest-based advertisements from us or our partners. If any new purposes for processing your information arise we will let you know before we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy. While it is not our intention to collect any personally identifiable information (“PII”) (except for those set forth in this Privacy Policy), the data collected may include PII. As part of our privacy measures, we implement certain rules designed to avoid the unintentional collection of PII such as email addresses, social security numbers, credit card numbers etc. Such rules are based on known field types, parameters, values and algorithms but they are not foolproof and hence the Software and Services may sometimes, unintentionally, collect unwanted information. We regularly examine and update these rules to avoid this happened. If you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby grant your consent to us to use or process your personal information only for the purpose described above once you use the Software or the Service. And you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We will not share any PII that we have collected from you except for the following events: 1. If we are required by law to disclose your information, we may share your information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party, as may be required (e.g., to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process, subpoena, or governmental request; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the team’s users, its partners, or the general public); 2. In the event the team goes through a business transition such as a merger or acquisition by another company, consolidation, change of control, reorganization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information will be among the assets transferred.
Data Protection
All confidential data stored in your device and transmitted to our cloud services is encrypted and has restricted access to the corresponding usage.
        Change of Control
        If we sell or otherwise transfer part of the whole of products or our assets to another organizations, data received from or about our users may be among the items sold or transferred. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Policy
We ensure that we comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are in the EEA, our Software and Services is not directed to children under 16, and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without his/her consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at kstkeyboard@gmail.com
Privacy Policy
©2014xinmeihutong Inc.
English