Privacy Policy
Gao Feng developer("us", "we", or "our") operates mobile Apps created by us.
Consent
By using mobile Apps created by Gao Feng developer, you hereby consent to the Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Apps created by Gao Feng developer make clear that these Apps are offered “as-is”, without warranty, and disclaiming liability for damages resulting from using the Apps.
Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
Security of Data transmission
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, Apps created by Gao Feng developer are based on their corresponding opensource projects, please check corresponding opensource projects for data security.
Retention and deletion of Data
Your Personal Data collected by corresponding Apps is saved under corresponding Apps folder on your devices and used for convenient operations only.(for example, user name and IP address are saved as App settings on installed App's device.)
These data can be deleted from corresponding Apps by users after users complete use of the corresponding Apps.
Advertising Partners Privacy Policies
Some Apps created by Gao Feng developer might contains Ads from Google Admob, you may consult Google Admob to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Apps created by Gao Feng developer, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Apps created by Gao Feng developer has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Apps created by Gao Feng developer's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Apps created by Gao Feng developer does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Changes To Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Any changes on Privacy Policy will be posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.