Privacy Policy MiniTrade
PRIVACY POLICY
MiniTrade is a free APP and one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors at it. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by MiniTrade and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our APP with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in MiniTrade. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this APP.
Consent
By using our APP, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name,email address, and telephone number.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
·Provide, operate, and maintain our APP
·Improve, personalize, and expand our APP
·Understand and analyze how you use our APP
·Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
·Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the APP
·Send you emails
·Find and prevent fraud
Log Files
MiniTrade follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit the APP. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the APP, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies
These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the APP that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to customize our APP content and optimize the users' experience.
Third Party Privacy Policies
MiniTrade's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
MiniTrade does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
About user personal information :
1. If the user has not logged in our application for more than one year, we will send an email to the user asking whether to delete the relevant information of the user. If the user agrees, we will delete all relevant data within 7 days
2. Users can contact us through the customer support email: super@minitrade.net,  to request deletion of user data. We will confirm the information with the user within 7 working days and delete all user data within 48 hours after the confirmation.
Contact us
If You require any information or clarification regarding the use of Your personal information or this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
super@minitrade.net