OTT Watch Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
OTT Watch Privacy Policy
OTT Watch Privacy Policy
OTT Watch is committed to respect your privacy and to comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws. This privacy policy ("
Policy
") describes our practices concerning the personal information we collect from you or that you provide to us.
If you do not agree with this Policy, you should not use OTT Watch.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
You don't have to create an account to use OTT Watch. When you use OTT Watch, we will collect some basic information about you, which includes:
Usage Information.
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use OTT Watch. Such information includes the content format (i.e. whether the content is a word, pdf, music or video, etc.), title and size you share. Please rest assured that we will not collect the content you share.
Device Information.
We will also collect information regarding the device you are using to access OTT Watch, such as your device model, the network type, device IDs, and Identifier for Vendors (IDFV).
Email -
We will also collect the email id you are using to access OTT Watch to give you a better logged in experience
Mobile numbers
- We will store the mobile number you are using to access OTT Watch to give you a better logged in experience
We are uploading following user Info to backend:
Country,Device ID , device model, Selected language in App,IP Address, City,User email if we do google login,ISP,OS, Profile Photo if google login
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Appytome deals with the personal identifiable information (PII) you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (theGoogle Play Platform). Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers\' visits of our application, we even don't have a Server to store such PII.Appytome uses Admob as ads provider. Admob wants to show ads that are relevant to you. For more information, please check privacy guidelines of Admob from their official website. The only situation we may get access to your PII is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report. The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address and your survey response only. In above situation, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains. It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at help@appyhigh.com, we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.
2. USE OF INFORMATION
We generally use the information we collect about you to:
provide, improve and develop our services;
support you efficiently using OTT Watch, i.e. to permit you and other users to connect with each other through our services to share content;
fulfil requests for services, product functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting and testing, etc.;
communicate with you if necessary, including to notify you about changes and updates in our services when you provide your contact information;
understand how you use OTT Watch;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies and terms;
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
3. SHARING OF INFORMATION
We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose your information to third parties. We want you to understand that we may share your information with law enforcement agencies or public authorities if legally required to do so, or if such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal obligations;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share your information for other purposes pursuant to your consent or with your further direction.
5. Policy for Children
We do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children (we define "children" as minors younger than 13, in certain cases, this age may be higher due to local regulatory requirements). We do not knowingly allow children to use our service. If you are a parent and become aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us at
contact@Appytome.com
6. Data Security
We seek to protect your information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational, and administrative security measures. Although we work to protect the security of your information, please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the internet is completely secure.
7. Data Retention
We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the services. Where we do not need your information to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such information. In some cases, we retain your information for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable laws and regulations.
User Generated Content
a. Definition. “User Content” means any content that users upload, post or transmit (collectively, “Post”) to or through the Service including, without limitation, any text, comments and other works subject to protection under the laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright laws, and excludes any and all OTT Watch Content.
b. Screening User Content. OTT Watch offers end users the ability to submit User Content to or transmit User Content through the Service. OTT Watch does not pre-screen any User Content, but reserves the right to remove, disallow, block, or delete any User Content in its sole discretion. OTT Watch does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness, availability, or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will OTT Watch be liable in any way for any User Content.
c. Licenses to User Content. While you retain ownership of any rights you may have in your User Content, you hereby grant OTT Watch an unrestricted, assignable, sublicensable, revocable, royalty-free license throughout the universe to reproduce, distribute, publicly display, communicate to the public, publicly perform (including by means of digital audio transmissions and on a through-to-the-audience basis), make available, create derivative works from, retransmit from External Sites, and otherwise exploit and use (collectively, “ Use”) all or any part of all User Content you Post to or through the Service by any means and through any media and formats now known or hereafter developed, for the purposes of (i) advertising, marketing, and promoting OTT Watch and the Service; (ii) displaying and sharing your User Content to other users of the Service; and (iii) providing the Service as authorized by this EULA. You further grant OTT Watch a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content. Any User Content posted by you to or through the Service or transmitted to OTT Watch will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and treated as such by OTT Watch, and may be used by OTT Watch in accordance with this EULA without notice to you and without any liability to OTT Watch.
d. You Must Have Rights to the Content You Post. You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content Posted by you on or through the Service or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this EULA; (ii) the Posting and Use of your User Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, intellectual property rights, or any other rights of any person, including, but not limited to, the rights of any person visible in any of your User Content; (iii) the Posting of your User Content on the Service will not require us to obtain any further licenses from or pay any royalties, fees, compensation, or other amounts or provide any attribution to any third parties; and (iv) the Posting of your User Content on the Service does not result in a breach of contract between you and a third party. You agree to pay all monies owing to any person as a result of your Posting your User Content on the Service.
e. Waiver of Rights to User Content. By Posting User Content to or through the Service, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof. To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain, or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Service.
f. Objectionable Content. You agree not to Post any User Content to the Service that is or could be interpreted to be (i) abusive, bullying, defamatory, harassing, harmful, hateful, inaccurate, infringing, libelous, objectionable, obscene, offensive, pornographic, shocking, threatening, unlawful, violent, vulgar, or in violation of any applicable laws (including laws related to speech); or (ii) promoting any product, good, or service, or bigotry, discrimination, hatred, intolerance, racism, or inciting violence (including suicide) (collectively, “Objectionable Content”). The Posting of any Objectionable Content may subject you to third party claims and none of the rights granted to you in this EULA may be raised as a defense against such third party claims. If you encounter any Objectionable Content on the Service, then please immediately email admin@appytome.com OTT Watch in its sole discretion may take any actions it deems necessary and/or appropriate against any User who Posts Objectionable Content on the Service.
8. Your rights
You have a right to know what information we hold about you, and to access it. You have a right to have incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated information updated. You have the right to request that your information be erased, and to obtain a copy of your information. You have the right to object to or restrict processing in certain circumstances, such as where you believe the information is inaccurate or the processing activity is unlawful.
Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardises the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision.
9. Updating this Privacy Policy
OTT Watch reserves the right to change, modify, or update this privacy policy at any time. Any changes to this privacy policy will become effective when we post the revised privacy policy on OTT Watch. We will update the "Last Updated" date at the top this privacy policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued use of the service following these changes means that you accept the revised privacy policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using OTT Watch.
Data and Permissions
OTT Watch accesses the following data and permissions solely for the purposes of delivering and improving its intended features to you -
1. Camera - for scanning QR code by user.
2. File read & storage permission - Read, modify and delete contents of USB storage to save, retrieve and delete content in accordance with the usage of the features of the app
3. Device-specific information like OS version, hardware model, IP address to optimize our network connections and ensure the quality of service.
4. Information about installed apps to enable sharing of apps via our service.
5. Approximate and precise location facilitates the transfer of files between the sending and receiving devices.
6. Wifi & Bluetooth - required for users to connect with the other device for sharing files.
10. Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us via
admin@appytome.com
Welcome to OTT Watch!
These Terms of Use (or "Terms") govern your use of OTT Watch, except where we expressly state that separate terms (and not these) apply, and provide information about the OTT Watch Service (the "Service"), outlined below. By continuing to use the app you agree to accept these terms of use to proceed to using OTT Watch.
The OTT Watch Service is one of theAppytome products, provided to you byAppytome. These Terms of Use therefore constitute an agreement between you andAppytome.
You may use the Service only if you can form a binding contract with OTT Watch and are legally permitted to do so. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you have the full right, power and authority to agree to and be bound by these Terms and to fully perform all of your obligations hereunder.
If you sign up for the Service on behalf of an organisation using an email address provided by your employer or another organisation, (i) you represent and warrant that you are an authorised representative of that entity with authority to bind that entity to these Terms; (ii) your use of the Service will bind that entity to these Terms; and (iii) “you” and “your” in these Terms will refer to both you and that entity.
Using the Service
Age Requirement
. Children may not access or use the Service unless their use is directly authorised by their parent, guardian or another authorised adult (such as a teacher) who agrees to be bound by these Terms. For purposes of these Terms, a child is a person under the age of 13 (or the minimum legal age required to provide consent for processing of personal data in the country where the child is located).
Access to the Service.
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, you are granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to access and use the Service for business or personal use. OTT Watch reserves all rights not expressly granted under these Terms. Each person must have a unique account and you are responsible for any activity conducted on your account.
Acceptable Use Policy
. our use of the Service, your User Content, and your Designs, must comply with the following -
Anti-discrimination
OTT Watch does not support and will not tolerate its Service being used to discriminate against others, especially when based on race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, ancestry or national origin. You are not permitted to use the Service in a manner which would or would likely incite, promote or support such discrimination and you must not use the Service to incite or promote hostility or violence. If we believe in our sole determination that your use of the Service is being used to discriminate, especially if based on race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, ancestry or national origin, we may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason.
General Use
You agree not to upload content or perform any activity using the service, directly or indirectly, in any manner that:
Promotes or creates a risk of physical or mental harm, emotional distress, death, disability, or disfigurement to yourself, any person, or animal;
Promotes or creates a risk of harm, loss, or damage to any property;
Seeks to harm or exploit children;
Is harassing, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, defamatory, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, libellous, or threatening;
Discriminates, incites, or promotes discrimination against others based on race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, ancestry, national origin, or any other basis;
Is sexually explicit or pornographic in nature or contains links to such material;
Involves the sale or promotion of illegal activities, products, or services;
Is fraudulent or promotes fraudulent activity;
Violates the rights of any individual or third party, including their intellectual property and data privacy rights;
Contains any information or content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or due to confidentiality, contractual, or fiduciary duties;
Contains any information or disinformation that is false, deceptive, or misleading or otherwise promotes, endorses, encourages, or facilitates the spread of false information;
Violates any applicable law or promotes activities that are illegal in nature;
Threatens or undermines democratic processes or institutions.
Restrictions on Use of the Service.
You shall not yourself or through any third party (i) rent, lease, sell, distribute, offer in a service bureau, sublicense, or otherwise make available the Service or the Licensed Content to any third party (except as permitted under these Terms); (ii) copy, replicate, decompile, reverse-engineer, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Service, or any part thereof; (iii) access the Service for purposes of performance benchmarking; (iv) access the Service for purposes of building or marketing a competitive product; (v) use the Service to store or transmit a virus or malicious code; (vi) use a virtual private network (VPN) to circumvent geographic-based pricing or content access; (vii) use the Service to transmit unsolicited emails or engage in spamming; or (viii) bypass the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the Licensed Content.
Information Security
. OTT Watch implements and maintains physical, technical and administrative security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.
Data Privacy
. OTT Watch’s Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, transfer, disclose and store your personal data.
Content and Designs
User Content
. You represent and warrant that you own all rights, title, and interest in and to your User Content or that you have otherwise secured all necessary rights in your User Content as may be necessary to permit the access, use and distribution thereof as contemplated by these Terms. As between you and OTT Watch, you own all right, title and interest in and to your User Content. You grant OTT Watch, a royalty-free license to display, host, copy and use your User Content solely to the extent necessary to provide the Service to you.
Sharing and Publishing Your content
. You may share your content with others using the Service, via a Third Party Service, or via a link. OTT Watch maintains no responsibility in relation to such sharing of content and it’s enablement of such activity or the Service’s performance of actions to publicly share content at your instruction shall not be considered a violation of any of our obligations under these Terms.
Intellectual Property
Except as expressly set out in these Terms, all intellectual property rights in and to the Service remain the sole property of OTT Watch or the original owners of the content. You assign to us any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, or other feedback you provide to us relating to the Service. OTT Watch owns all content, data, software, inventions, ideas and other technology and intellectual property that it develops in connection with the Service and its products.
Warranty Disclaimer.
The Service is provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and subject to any non-excludable rights and remedies you may have under applicable law, OTT Watch, and its suppliers, expressly disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. We do not warrant that your use of the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free. We do not warrant that it will review your data for accuracy or that it will preserve or maintain your data without loss. You understand that use of the Service necessarily involves transmission of your data over networks that OTT Watch does not own, operate, or control, and that it is not responsible for any of your data lost, altered, intercepted or stored across such networks. OTT Watch will not be liable for delays, interruptions, service failures, or other problems inherent in use of the internet and electronic communications or other systems outside OTT Watch’s reasonable control.
Third Party Services.
You may elect to use the Service in conjunction with third-party websites, platforms or apps. (“Third Party Service(s)”). Your use of a Third Party Service is subject to the terms and conditions applicable to that Third Party Service. OTT Watch makes no representations or warranties in relation to Third Party Services and expressly disclaims all liability arising from your use of Third Party Services.
Your Indemnity Obligations
You agree, to the extent permitted by law, to defend, indemnify and hold harmless OTT Watch and its affiliates, officers, directors, agents, licensors and employees from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) resulting from or related to (i) your violation of these Terms or (ii) your User Content.
Data collection and permissions
OTT Watch accesses the following data and permissions solely for the purposes of delivering and improving its intended features to you -
Camera - for scanning QR code by user.
File read & storage permission - Read, modify and delete contents of USB storage to save, retrieve and delete content in accordance with the usage of the features of the app
Device specific information like OS version, hardware model, IP address to optimise our network connections and ensure quality of service.
Information about installed apps to enable sharing of apps via our service.
Approximate and precise location
to reccomend shows to users based on their location.
Wifi & Bluetooth - required for users to connect with the other device for sharing files.
We generally use the information we collect about you to:
provide, improve and develop our services;
support you efficiently using OTT Watch, i.e. to permit you and other users to connect with each other through our services to share content;
fulfil requests for services, product functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting and testing, etc.;
communicate with you if necessary, including to notify you about changes and updates in our services when you provide your contact information;
understand how you use OTT Watch;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies and terms;
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent
For more details do read our privacy policy
Term and Termination
Term
. These Terms shall take effect the first time you access the Service and shall continue in full force and effect until you uninstall the app.
Export Restrictions
. The Service is subject to trade sanctions and laws and regulations that govern the import, export, and use of the Service. These laws or regulations may prohibit OTT Watch from providing you the Service or require that we discontinue making it available to you without notice. By using the Service you agree to comply with all trade sanctions, export and import laws, and regulations and warrant that (i) you are not prohibited from accessing the Service, and (ii) you will not make available the Service to anyone who is prohibited from accessing it under the laws or regulations of any jurisdiction.
Assignment.
You may not assign these Terms or any of your rights under these Terms without OTT Watch’s consent except to any successor by way of a merger, acquisition, or change of control. We may transfer or assign any of its rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice.
Headings and Explanations.
Headings used in these Terms and the explanatory boxes are provided for convenience only and will not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of the Terms or any portion thereof.
Severability.
If a particular provision of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the other provisions and the Terms shall be construed in all respects as if that invalid or unenforceable provision had been limited or omitted to the minimum extent necessary.
Waiver.
OTT Watch’s express waiver or failure to enforce any provision of these Terms shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver of such provision nor affect it’s ability to enforce any provision thereafter.
Notices
. All required notices to you will be sent to the email address associated with your account or through other legally permissible means.
Changes to these Terms.
We may modify these Terms (and any policies or agreements referenced in these Terms) at any time. We will post the most current version of these Terms on our platform. We will provide you with reasonable advance notice of any change to the Terms that, in our sole determination, materially adversely affect your rights or your use of the Service. We may provide you this notice via the Service and/or by email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to use the Service after any revised Terms become effective, you agree to be bound by the new Terms.
Changes to the Service.
We may add, change or remove features or functionality to the Service; modify or introduce limitations to storage or other features; or discontinue the Service altogether at any time.
Entire Agreement.
These Terms and the terms and policies referenced herein constitute the entire agreement between you and OTT Watch with respect to the Service. These Terms supersede any prior representations, agreements, or understandings between you and us, whether written or oral, with respect to the Service including previous versions of the Terms. All terms, conditions or provisions on a purchase order shall be of no force and effect notwithstanding any acceptance of such purchase order. The English version of these Terms will control.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse