Privacy Policy - tyniw.net
tyniw.net
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Tyniw.net (“We”) collects, stores, and uses your personal information in order to provide and develop Tyniw.net's products, mobile applications, services and websites (together “Services”) according to this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
We recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of information we receive and collect when you use our mobile applications and or visit our websites.
Mobile Applications
Google Play Services version 4.0 introduces new APIs and an ID for use by advertising and analytics providers. We collect and use this advertising identifier where available and are fully commited to the terms of use of these APIs and ID as outliined in
Google Play Developer Program Policies
.
Any other information submitted by you to our servers by means of one of our mobile applications will be available to these applications and will only be used for its intended purposes.
Advertising
By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-personal Information. Non-personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. Usage Data and Non-personal Information such as advertising identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests. Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be able to choose to prevent your device's ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising or reset your device's ad identifier by changing the settings of your device.
We reserve the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for purposes of advertising by us or by our partners and contractors.
We may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services.
We or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and geo-location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that relevant advertising is presented within the Service. We or third parties may collect and use data, for such purposes, including but not limited to, data such as IP address, Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies, Flash cookies, and HTML5 local storage, Internet and on-line usage information and in-app information.
The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
We may display to you behaviorally targeted advertising. If you want to be certain that no behaviorally targeted advertisements are displayed to you, please do not use or access the Services.
Analytics Tools
We reserve the right to use analytics tools such as Google Analytics to gather data about application performance and the features you use, such as which buttons you press and how often, the quantity of data processed, and how long you use the application. We also collect information about how each application is set up and performing. Additionally, we can collect hardware related information such as device manufacturer, model, operating system version, device capabilities, etc. These kind of information is collected and processed to improve our product behavior on different devices. This data is not stored with any information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you. Typically, application analytics are enabled by default.
We reserve the right to anonymously track and review your activity using Google Analytics or similar services in order to improve our products.
We use your information to perform its own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties. We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, improving products and services, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations.
Cookies, beacons and tracking
The Services may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, local shared objects, clear GIFs and web beacons. We treat information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
Cookies: A “cookie” is a small file stored by your browser when told to do so by a website. Typically websites place a number of different cookies on an end-userӳ machine. Some of the cookies are “1st Party”, from the website itself, and others are “3rd party”, belonging to advertising and analytics entities or social networks. Our cookies do not include personal data and are typically used to quickly identify your device and to “remember” your browser during subsequent visits for purposes of functionality, preferences, and website performance. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device; however, disabling cookies may affect your ability to use the Services.
Flash cookies & HTML5: We may also use Flash cookies (local shared objects) and HTML5 local storage. Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies, but which are not stored in the browser and can also be used to remember your settings, to personalize the look and feel of the Services, or for advertising and analytics. You may prevent Flash cookies from being stored by following the instructions provided by Adobe at
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.
Web Beacons and pixel tags: A “web beacon” or a “pixel tag” is an electronic image (often not visible to the end-user) that allows us to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements. Additionally, e-mails and other electronic communications we send to you may contain pixel tags that enable us to track your usage of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed, if any.
© 2024 - tyniw.net -
Privacy