PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to FreeCall Team and we are committed to protecting your privacy. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our website or our products, excepting (i) the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error report or participate in online surveys and other activities；. (ii) the number you dial.;
Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.
Only in the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and govermental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
Besides that, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your CPN model, memory size, your phone IMEI number, phone model, install, uninstall, frequency of use, etc.
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Survey Serving Technology
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID which will may be processed by Pollfish only in strict compliance with google play policies- and/or other device data) and response meta-data (including information about the apps which the user has installed in his mobile phone) is automatically sent to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully Pollfish respondent terms located at https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sents such questionnaires to eligible users. By downloading the application you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish website . We once more invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.
APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
When you use some products, services, or post your comments, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features.
OUR COMPANYWIDE COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
PRIVACY QUESTIONS
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please
contact us
.
We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.