Nikola Kosev Privacy Policy
Nikola Kosev Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on October 8, 2017.
Services provided by Nikola Kosev ("us", "we", or "our") include all our websites and all our mobile applications on all platforms (the "Service").
        This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information and Non-Personal Information
        we receive from users of the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Children Under 13
We care about protecting the privacy of children. We won’t knowingly allow anyone under 13 to
        provide us any personally identifying information. Children should always get permission from
        their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses,
        and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. If you’re under 13, please do not provide
        us with any personally identifying information.
What information we collect
Personal Information
Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use the Service.
        We do NOT collect any Personal Information.
Non-Personal Information
When you use our services we automatically record information about your usage of those services.
        This tracking information cannot identify you as un individual.
Cookies.
We may use the standard "cookies" feature of major browses that allows us to store
        a small piece of data on your device about your visit to our Services. We do not set any personally identifiable
        information in cookies, nor do we employ any data capture mechanisms on our Services other than cookies.
        You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser, but if you block cookies,
        you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Services.
Web Beacons.
Web beacons are small strings of code that embed a small invisible graphic image
        on a web page or in an email or advertisement. When your browser downloads a web beacon, the server that sends
        the corresponding image to your browser can recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies
        previously set, the time and date that you viewed the page embedded with the beacon and a description of that page.
Traffic Information.
As many services, we gather certain information automatically and store
        it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, smart phone or tablet MAC addresses,
        browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and
        clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Service, track users' movements
        around the Service and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Advertising and Third Party Cookies.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads
        when you visit our Service. These third parties include business partners and advertising networks,
        which collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of their advertisements.
        These third parties use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Service.
        The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your interest or preferences
        so that they can display advertisements or promotional material on this Service and on other services across
        the Internet tailored to your apparent interests.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Services. Google’s use of the DART cookie
        enables it to serve ads based on your visit to this Service and other websites on the Internet.
        You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy
.
How we use the information we collect
Personal Information.
We do NOT collect and use Personal Information in any way.
Non-Personal Information.
Generally non-personal information is used internally to monitor and improve the Service, to perform
        analyses of the behavior of our users, to measure user demographics and interests, to describe our services to third parties such as advertisers
        and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
How we share the information we collect
Personal Information.
We do NOT collect and share Personal Information in any way.
Non-Personal Information.
We accept advertisements from Third Parties ad networks which may be displayed in our Service.
        We may share certain information with third-party advertisers, ad networks and ad platforms ("Advertising Entities") to develop and deliver
        targeted advertising in the Service. We may also allow Advertising Entities to collect non-personal information within the Services which they
        may share with us, including your device identifier, device type, device brand, device model, network type, device language, and IP address.
        Advertising entities may also collect non-personal information related to the performance of the advertisements, such as how many times an
        advertisement is shown, how long an advertisement is viewed, and any click-throughs of an advertisement.
Links to third-party websites and services
The Service may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements.
        If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide
        will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that websites or service, and not to this Privacy Policy.
        We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Service
        does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information.
        Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms
        and conditions of that website or service.
Although we don't collect any Personal Information, the Service use third party services, which may do so. These services are:
Google Analytics.
Their privacy policy can be found here:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Google Analytics for Firebase.
Their privacy policy can be found here:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Google AdSense.
Their privacy policy can be found here:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Google Admob.
Their privacy policy can be found here:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Security
We take reasonable measures to maintain the security and integrity of our Service and prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof
        through generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures.
        Please note, however, that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the Internet or other methods of electronic
        storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never occur.
Compliance with laws and law enforcement
We reserve the right to share your information with third parties if we believe such action is necessary in order to:
        (1) conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served upon us;
        (2) protect or defend our legal rights or property (3) investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities,
        suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or violations of the terms and
        conditions of using our Service.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Service.
        You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of
        changes will mean you accept those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, or to report any violations of the Policy or abuse of the Service,
        please contact us at
nikola@kosev.net
.