UPX Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Updated February 1, 2022

Summary
We at UPX take your privacy seriously. This privacy statement explains what data we collect, how we store and transfer it and how we use it. The exact set of the data we collect, its purpose and your opt-out choices depend on the product or service you use. Please refer to the relevant product or service sections of this privacy statement to learn more specific details.

We DO NOT COLLECT, STORE or TRANSFER ANY PERSONAL DATA.

When we post changes to this privacy statement, we will include the date when the statement was last updated. If we significantly change this statement or how we use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice prior to implementing the change or by sending you a notification directly. We encourage you to respect review this statement periodically.

What data do we collect?
The information we collect may include: non-personal technical data, for example who manufactured your device, your screen's resolution, your mobile operator's region and code. A complete list of the data we collect and purpose of collection may vary between our products and services.

How do we collect data?
Generally, we collect data:

When you provide it explicitly to us; for example, when you submit a form on our websites
When you install and run our products, use our services, or visit our websites

When we collect your data, we associate it with a unique ID and a unique device ID that are generated when you install an UPX product or begin using one of our services. These identifiers are anonymized and cannot be linked to you as an individual person. We also take measures to remove any possible connections between these IDs and other types of personal data.

This privacy statement does not cover third-party apps you access and use through our products and services, nor does it cover links to other websites. We do not control the privacy and security practices and policies of these third parties and their sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of the third-party apps and websites you use.

How do we protect your data?
We treat your data as required by law.

Only a limited number of UPX employees have access to the data we collect. We review and update our working procedures regularly to improve your privacy and ensure that our internal policies are followed. We immediately correct any non-conformance regarding these policies.

Our commitment to your privacy does not extend to third-party products and services you may access from UPX products and services. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of the third-party products and services you use.

How do we share your data?
We cannot share your data because we do not have indivudual data pointing to you:

Because we are an international company with data-centers around the world, your data may be transferred to countries which do not have the same level of data protection laws as those in the country where you are located. We will ensure that your data is protected to a strict standard.

What else should I know?
We aim to be transparent as to what data we collect and how we use it. Your rights are not limited to consent and opt-out choices only. If you've provided personal information to us, you may change or modify this information at any time.

We do not retain personal data.