Tasker for Android
Tasker
Home
Download
TaskerNet
Usage Examples
Pre-made Projects
FAQs
Guides
Reviews
Wiki
Plugin List
Forum
Forum/Support
Legacy Forum
Userguide (5.0+)
Index:
en
es
fr
zh
1 Page:
en
More
Join
AutoApps
Developers
History
Privacy Policy
Release Notes
Next Version
Feature Requests
Report Issues
Patreon
Tasker: Privacy Policy
How Tasker Uses Your Data
When you first open Tasker it doesn't do anything at all by itself. Tasker has a very large collection of actions that you can combine so that you can use your data any way you want to.
Think of it as blank slate where nothing at all is written, and it's up to you want to use it for. You have total freedom.
For example, you can combine the action to read your current Wifi network with the HTTP Request action to create a task that logs the history of your Wifi connections on a file in a server of your choice.
It's very important to understand that Tasker does
NEVER
use your data by itself unless specifically mentioned below, and you have to go out of your way to actually use the data or send it somewhere.
Accesses:
Tasker does not access
ANY
user data unless you, the user, specifically set up a profile or task in Tasker to do so. For example, you could create a task that checks what your device model is and shows it in a toast.
Uses:
Tasker does not use
ANY
user data unless you, the user, specifically set up a profile or task in Tasker to do so. For example, you could use create a task that reads your current notifications and says their text out loud.
Stores:
Tasker does not store
ANY
user data unless you, the user, specifically set up a profile or task in Tasker to do so. For example, you could create a task that logs your IP address every time you connect to a new network.
Shares:
Tasker does not share your data with
ANY THIRD PARTY
unless you, the user, specifically set up a profile or task in Tasker to do so. For example, you could create a task that sends your location via SMS to one of your contacts.
Collects:
Tasker does not collect
ANY
data unless you, the user, specifically set up a profile or task in Tasker to do so. For example, you could create a task to create a database of your most used apps.
Transmits:
Tasker does not transmit
ANY
data unless you, the user, specifically set up a profile or task in Tasker to do so. For example, you could create a task that backs up your local files on your Google Drive.
Some other examples of Tasker using personal data
ON YOUR REQUEST
Tasker will upload your
SMS
log information to a server
if you create a profile to do so
.
Tasker will upload your
contacts' phone number
information to a server
if you create a profile to do so
.
Tasker will upload your
image
information to a server
if you create a profile to do so
.
Tasker will log all the
wifi networks
you connect to to a file
if you create a profile to do so
.
Tasker will send your
exact location
to a Google Spreadsheet every minute
if you create a profile to do so
.
It's up to you how Tasker uses your data.
By default Tasker doesn't access, use, store or share your data in any way.
Data Retention and Deletion Policy
Since Tasker doesn't store any of your personal data itself, it's up to you how you store or delete any data.
For example, if you create a task that stores your device model in a file on your device, you can also create another profile to delete that file or even just manually delete it using a File Manager.
Tasker does not store or delete any data itself. You have to do it yourself.
Background Location
With Tasker your privacy is secured.
Tasker needs to use your location in the background to be able to perform various location related automations. For example, you can setup a profile that changes your ringer volume whenever you are in a certain location. You could also check your location in a task and send it to your partner for example. Tasker will never share your location with anyone and will never need this permission for any other purpose other than to help you automate whatever you need based on your location.
Google Play services
Google Play Services are used in Tasker to sign you in to TaskerNet and to allow you to interact with maps. Google Play Services collect:
Device brand, model and form factor
Version of OS, the app and service components it use
App used to install the app (e.g. Google Play store)
Stack traces & crash metrics
IP address
Generated pseudonymous installation identifiers
Map interaction events
See also
Google Privacy Policy
.
Please note that Tasker itself doesn't use any of this info. The info is collected by Google but Tasker doesn't use it at all.
Other Topics
The developer does not know anything about the customer except what is given in the Google Wallet payment details. That data will not be used by the developer except for accounting and tax purposes, where required by the relevant tax authorities.
Tasker does not, to the best of the developer's knowledge, send any data, anywhere, unless it is requested by the user e.g. sending an automatic SMS.
Possible exception: the developer has no control over the data which Google may collect when Tasker uses Google services e.g. for some forms of location
detection.
If the user creates a project in Tasker to explicitly do so, Tasker can send SMS data, call data or any other data to a cloud server or any server of the user's choosing. Tasker will
NEVER
send any data anywhere by default though.
Tasker is not part of any ad or statistics network.
Tasker uses the BIND_DEVICE_ADMIN permission in its manifest but it is only used to provide	ability to lock the device in situations the user specifies
If you sign in to your Google account using Tasker (to import projects from Taskernet, to use Google Drive integration or any other reason), you'll share your name, email address and profile picture with Tasker. However, Tasker's developer will not keep any of this information. This info is used as follows:
Taskernet Imports
: used to authenticate your request to find out that you're a legitimate Tasker user making the request to import
Google Drive
: used to access your Google Drive files and folders so they can be manipulated by Tasker and so that Tasker can automatically backup its setup if the user enabled it.
If you decide to share data to Tasker's server as described
here
, further policies apply, described
here
.
Update 20150424: mention Google services.
Update 20170527: mention BIND_DEVICE_ADMIN permission.
Update 20180116: removed description of developer's moral position
Update 20180801: added data share policy
Update 202101012: added background location policy