Privacy Policy
Jawwy TV
Jawwy TV
Sign in
العربية
ع
Select Your Country
Bahrain
KSA
Kuwait
العربية
KSA
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
VAT Registration Certificate
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on 19.03.22.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using stc tv.
Like any internet-connected device, we and our service and content providers collect certain information from you, and your stc tv Device when you use your stc tv Device, and access the stc tv Service (as defined in the Terms of Use). Most of the information we and our service and content providers collect is purely technical in nature and relates only to your use of the stc tv Service and does not enable us or our service and content providers to identify you as an individual (except as described at section 1 of this Privacy Policy and unless you voluntarily provide your personal contact details to us when, for example, contacting us for technical support reasons), but does enable us to maintain, personalise, and improve the stc tv Service (in each case as described below). The information that our content providers collect will be governed by their own privacy practices.
This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the stc tv Service and to the information collected from your stc tv Device and it explains what information we collect from you and what we do with this information. It also explains how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns, and your rights in respect of the information we collect. By using the stc tv Service, you consent to this Privacy Policy and to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure, and other uses of information about you in the manners described in this policy and elsewhere in our Terms of Use.
1.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHY?
1.1
We and our service and content providers may collect the following information related to your stc tv Device and your use of the stc tv Service:
1.1.1
device settings and preferences (including, but without limitation, audio settings, subtitle preferences, power saving preferences, quality preferences, parental control preferences)
1.1.2
location data
1.1.3
mobile phone number
1.1.4
house name or number (where optionally provided)
1.1.5
usage data (including, but without limitation, the type of content you watch, the journey you took to reach specific content, what content was played, how you use the stc tv Service such as whether you watch live content, on demand or save content to watch later)
1.1.6
operational and error data (generated when errors occur during your use of the stc tv Service)
1.1.7
device ID data
1.1.8
device make and model
1.1.9
digital rights management unique device ID data
1.1.10
data regarding the internet service to which your device is connected
1.1.11
IP address, and
1.1.12
any information, which may include your personal data, that you optionally provide through the stc tv Service or when you contact our customer support team (which may include your mobile number, email address, and encrypted password).
1.2
We (or third party data processors acting on our behalf) and our service and content providers may use the information listed above for the following purposes:
1.2.1
maintaining, developing and improving your experience of the stc tv Service, including managing your account;
1.2.2
improving and developing the content services offered on the stc tv Service;
1.2.3
personalising the content displayed on your stc tv Service based on your usage;
1.2.4
providing regionalised content (for example, regional news programs or radio stations);
1.2.5
providing regionalised advertising specific to your location;
1.2.6
providing relevant updates and upgrades to your stc tv Device;
1.2.7
identifying, monitoring and improving technical issues with the stc tv Service;
1.2.8
identifying any attempted circumvention of device security and taking action to stop such circumvention;
1.2.9
protecting rights, including intellectual property rights, and addressing any potential or actual cases or claims of infringement;
1.2.10
providing technical support, including responding to, processing, and managing your requests via our support centers;
1.2.11
aggregated reporting and analysis;
1.2.12
providing device data to our affiliate internet service providers for inventory management, content optimisation, connection checking, remote customer support and account management purposes;
1.2.13
providing third parties with aggregated information (which does not contain any personal data) for the development and/or promotion of their products or services; and
1.2.14
responding to your requests via the stc tv Service website;
1.2.15
monitoring the usage of the stc tv Service;
1.2.16
contacting you by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation to provide you with special offers and information about other services, goods, or events similar to what you already purchased or have indicated interest in;
1.2.17
integrating with third parties, including content and service providers;
1.2.18
providing you access to third parties, such as content and service providers, including providing them with your account details;
1.2.19
attending to and managing your requests to us;
1.2.20
using your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal data held by us about the stc tv Service users is among the assets transferred.
1.2.21
using your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve the stc tv Service, products, services, marketing and your experience, and to comply with applicable laws and requests of governmental authorities.
1.2.22
any other purposes disclosed to you when we collect the information or if related to a request you make.
1.3
If you opt for online payments on our Website, credit/debit card details and related personally identifiable information will not be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.
2.
HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOUR DATA
2.1
We will use and store information about you as set out in this Privacy Policy for so long as you use the stc tv Service and for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out here after you cease using the stc tv Service.
3.
WHO ELSE MAY ACCESS YOUR DATA
3.1
In addition to content and service providers, we may also transfer or share your information, including your personal data and information about your use of the stc tv Service and the stc tv Device when applicable, with third-party vendors, suppliers, service providers, contractors, or agents around the world who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do so. We will only share your personal data to the extent this is necessary to enable them to provide their services to us and under a strict duty of confidence. These third parties will be required to comply strictly with our instructions to keep your information safe in accordance with industry standards and we will also require that they do not use your personal data for their own business purposes, unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal data in this way. We will not otherwise share your personal data without first seeking your consent.
3.2
We may share your information with our affiliates whom include our parent companies, any member of our corporate group, subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies controlled by us or our parent companies or under common control with us.
3.3
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions.
3.4
In addition, we and our service and content providers may disclose information collected about you or your use of the stc tv Service or stc tv Device where this is necessary to comply with applicable law or regulation, in response to a lawful request from a law enforcement agency or court of competent jurisdiction, or where we believe disclosure is necessary to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights or those of our content or other service providers.
3.5
In the event that a third party acquires some or all of our assets or business, the information we hold about you and your stc tv Device will be transferred to that third party so that they can continue to provide the stc tv Service to you.
3.6
If you provide us with information (including your personal data) when you contact our support centre we may share this information about you with third parties.
3.7
We may disclose and use anonymous, aggregated reporting, and statistics about usage of the stc tv Service for the purpose of internal reporting or reporting to our content and service providers or other third parties, and for our marketing and promotion purposes. None of these anonymous, aggregated reports or statistics will enable our users to be personally identified.
3.8
Finally, in certain circumstances, we may transfer some of your non-personal data to our service providers who may be able to combine that non-personal data with other data that they already hold.
4.
SECURITY
4.1
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect both the security of information that you provide in relation to the stc tv Service and information that we collect from you (including your personal data) and your stc tv Device. However, as with any internet-connected device, no internet transmission can ever be guaranteed 100% secure, so you should always take care whenever disclosing personal information about yourself online.
5.
YOUR RIGHTS
5.1
You have a right to be informed about the personal data we control and to access, correct, update it as necessary and as provided by law. For any personal data held about you by third parties, including our content and service providers, you would need to contact them directly.
6.
COOKIES
6.1
We use cookies to distinguish you from other users of the stc tv Service and related services. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use services and also allows us to improve the stc tv Service.
6.2
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of the stc tv Device or the device you use to access the stc tv Service. Cookies contain information that is transferred to such devices’ hard drive.
6.3
We use the following cookies:
6.3.1
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the stc tv Service and the stc tv Device. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the stc tv Service.
6.3.2
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of users and to see how users move around our service when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the stc tv Service works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
6.3.3
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our service. This enables us to personalise content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
6.3.4
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to the stc tv Service and the Content you have seen. We will use this information to make our service and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
6.3.5
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks, content providers and providers of external services like app traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
6.3.6
You block cookies by activating the setting that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to subscribe to the stc tv Service.
7.
TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
By consenting to this Privacy Policy and submitting information to us, you agree that we may transfer your information, including any personal data, outside your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction and make such information available to entities around the world, including but not limited to our offices, affiliates, partners, or service providers, for purposes of storage or processing, or for purposes such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with our products and services, and acknowledge, that the applicable data protection laws in such cases may differ from those in your jurisdiction.
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
VAT Registration Certificate
Copyright © 2022
Intigral
. All rights reserved