Salaat First
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Salaat First
Privacy Policy
“Salaat First” app is an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Hicham Boushaba at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
We may collect some non identifiable information such as the name of country and city, to help us identify and fix issues related to location of the user.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Firebase Analytics
Firebase Crashlytics
Other third parties
1. Opensignal:
We’ve partnered with Opensignal to help improve the performance and reliability of this app and your wireless networks while respecting your privacy.
Opensignal does not collect any information that directly identifies you or your device, and does not sell any personal data about you. Opensignal is the independent global standard for helping telecom ecosystem companies around the world better understand and improve network coverage to improve connectivity for all.
Opensignal may collect data relating to the wireless network performance your device experiences, that may include the following types of personal information and/or personal data: Geolocation data, identifiers (e.g. network names, resettable IDs, BSSIDs, and other access point information), and app state. Opensignal uses this data to gather information on network experience and create aggregated reports and/or data solutions including anonymized location, for example by plotting network performance on a map to convey coverage.
You can learn more about Opensignal's privacy policy
here
. You have the right to opt-out of data sharing with Opensignal at any time. To do so please use the opt-out measures provided in your mobile application or this privacy statement.
2. CellRebel:
This application uses
CellRebel
’s technology to support charitable organizations in Morocco. By accessing this application, you understand and agree that CellRebel may sample data from your device, including location data, for the purposes of analyzing the following areas: network performance, network user experience, and user equipment performance. This information can be shared with third parties in an aggregated format without personally identifiable information with the purpose to improve the network performance or to be used in designing marketing campaigns. This can help to improve your mobile network and your network connectivity. Further information can be obtained in the Privacy Policy found at
www.cellrebel.com/privacy_policy
.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Opt-out
You can opt-out of all data collection mechanisms in the application settings.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at support@salaatfirst.com.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse