Wallpaper Plaza Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Wallpaper Plaza Privacy Policy
Wallpaper Plaza Privacy Policy
Thank you for taking the time to read this privacy policy. Please read it carefully, because by installing our extensions or accessing our applications, you accept the practices listed here.
1.Why do we process your data and its basis?
We may use your data for various purposes related to our services. If you want a clear summary, we hope the following can help you.
When you use our services, we will process your data in a way that allows us to provide services for you (for example, save your app running progress).
Your data also enables us to provide relevant services (for example, operational support), maintain our services (for example, by solving problems you encounter or adjusting our apps), and optimize our services (for example, by conducting surveys to obtain your use feedback).
In addition, we may display advertisements to you in our app, or publicize our services to you on third-party resources, and may use your data to achieve this, and make these advertisements closely related to you.
Sometimes we may need to use your data for other purposes, such as fraud prevention, auditing, or compliance.
In order to fulfill the contract for your service, we may process your data as needed to:
Create and maintain an account for you in our app or other services (if applicable),
Enables you to use our app or use our other services,
Provide you with the correct version of app or other services (for example, select the appropriate language version for you),
Send you service related messages (such as technical bulletins, security alerts, or management messages),
Based on our legitimate interests, in order to make our services as perfect as possible, we may process your data for:
Operate and maintain our services (e.g., ensure our services are safe and operating as expected),
Solve or debug any errors, errors or other problems in our services,
Measure and analyze the use of our services or the data collected through our services (e.g., identify trends or other characteristics, or provide information for our operations),
Conduct research or other research to better understand our users, or
Improve our existing services or develop new ones.
We will not use your data to make automated decisions that have a significant impact on you. The so-called "automated decision-making" refers to the decision-making made by the information system without anyone's intervention.
2.Advertisement
Advertising can provide financial support for our services so that we can provide free apps. In our app, we will show ourselves and advertisements from third parties. We also advertise on third-party resources (such as applications) outside of our services. In both cases, we and our advertising partners usually use anonymous identifiers related to your device to select advertisements that are relevant to you, measure the effect of advertisements, and other related purposes.
If permitted by applicable laws and regulations, using our services means that you agree that we will share your data with our advertising partners (click here to view the list) for interest based advertising and other related purposes.
3.What data do we need to process?
When you visit and use our services, we may collect the information you submitted to us or submitted through the service. We may also automatically collect information about your use of the service and the devices you use to access the service, including identifiers such as advertising IDs. When you see our advertisements outside of our services, we may collect information about your interaction with these advertisements. We may use the data we collect to infer your other data, such as information about your content preferences.
4.Where do we collect your data?
We collect data directly from you or your device when you use our services. However, we may also collect data about you from other companies to help you in our app or participate in the advertising partners that send our advertisements to you outside the service.
It is not mandatory to provide us with data. However, if you do not process your data, we will not be able to provide services or some parts or functions of services. If you use our services, we will collect data related to you according to the service items you decide to use and your choice when using, and according to some or all of the purposes described in this statement. You can use a variety of options to limit or control the extent to which we process your data.
5.How long will we keep your data?
We will keep your data for the purpose of data collection, including providing services for you or complying with various legal, accounting or reporting requirements. We may periodically delete or cancel the identification of invalid accounts or other data in our app or other services.
After the applicable retention period, we will delete or cancel the identification of your data, or if you cannot delete or cancel the identification for a while (for example, because the data is stored on the backup server), isolate your data to avoid further processing until it is deleted or canceled. We may continue to use data that cannot identify you.
6.How can we ensure the security of your data?
We are committed to ensuring your information security. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have established appropriate procedures to protect and protect the information we collect online.We have taken measures to provide security for your data, and the security level is commensurate with the risk level of data processing activities described in this statement. These measures are designed to protect your data from accidental or illegal destruction, loss or change, as well as unauthorized disclosure or access. The specific measures adopted by us vary, but generally include encryption in data transmission, pseudonymization of identification data as much as possible, monitoring and restricting access to services or systems containing personal data, and ensuring business processes that can handle any suspicious security incidents. Although we make every effort to protect your data, the Internet itself is not a secure environment, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.
7.Your rights
You have multiple rights to your data according to applicable laws and regulations. If we are processing your data, you can request to exercise these rights. For example, you can ask to view your data, ask to delete it, or revoke your consent (if applicable). To exercise these rights, please check the options in our app settings menu, or click lchen1982@gmail.com contact us.
8.How does this solve the problem of children's privacy?
Users are required to be at least 13 years old before using their services. If you are under 13 years old, you are not allowed to use it.
9.children
Our terms of service require you to indicate that you are at least 13 years old. If you are under 13 years old, please do not use our service. Because our services are usually designed for adults, not children.
We usually do not know the age of the individuals who use our services. However, in some cases, we may ask you to confirm your age with us, or otherwise know your age. If we find that you are under the age of 13 or do not meet the different age thresholds we observe due to applicable regulatory or platform requirements, we may take measures to restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the service. If your access to the service has not been suspended or terminated, we will limit the use of your personal data to the extent necessary for the internal operation of our service and other purposes permitted by applicable laws, regulations and platform requirements. This may include cancelling your access to some parts or features of our services.
10.
Contact information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, don’t hesitate to contact our Support service
lchen1982@gmail.com
.
11.
change
By using our, you hereby agree to our privacy policy and agree to its terms and conditions, otherwise please uninstall. We may update this statement from time to time, such as due to changes in our operations or changes in the legal obligations applicable to us. Updates will be provided here. We may also take other methods to inform you according to the importance of the change.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse