Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Product
Tuner–gStrings Free
(Android app)
Advertising partner
AdMob
(Google)
This privacy policy explains in detail which information the owners of this Product (“we”, “us” or
      “our”) collect and how we use your personal information when you use the Product. We may update this policy at any
      time; please check back frequently to stay current. Your continued use of the Product indicates that you have read
      this Privacy Policy and that you accept its terms. You also give your express permission for us to collect, store,
      and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. At all times, your use of the Product is governed
      by our Terms of Service, available
here
.
1. What is personal information and what is processing of personal information
Personal information (or data) is any information relating to you and that alone or in cumulation with other pieces
      of information gives the opportunity to the person that collects and processes such information to identify you as
      a person. It can be your name, your identification number, your location data, or information related to your physical,
      physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social life. Processing of the information means any action
      with your personal data, for example, collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, use, disclosure
      by any means and so on.
2. Personal information we collect
While we do not collect or otherwise process any personal information for our own purposes, some personal information
      is collected by AdMob—our advertising partner. The AdMob SDK is bundled within our product for the purpose of serving ads,
      in accordance with the respective privacy policy of Google (
policies.google.com/privacy
).
Please note that we keep our product free by showing ads.
For users within the EEA (where GDPR applies):
The collection of your personal information is subject to your consent, which is collected using Google’s
User Messaging Platform
's GDPR Consent Form.
Said consent form is
EU Interactive Advertising Bureau, TCF 2.0
compliant.
3. Who we share your personal information with
As per (2.) above, your personal information is shared with our advertising partners only. In addition, Google
      may share your personal information with their respective partners in accordance with their privacy policies. The
      listing of these partners can be found here:
Google Ad Technology Providers
4. Changes to this notice
Our activities may evolve over time and we may update this privacy policy accordingly. For significant changes to
      this policy we will try to give you reasonable notice unless we are prevented from doing so. Where required by law
      we will seek your consent to changes in the way we use your personal information.
5. Contacting us
In the event of any query or complaint in connection with the information we hold about you, please email us
      at:
contact@cohortor.org
1/31/2022