Palmsoft | Privacy Policy
About us
Composer
Music Keyboard
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
English
Arabic
Chinese (Simplified)
Dutch
English
French
German
Italian
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish
We want you to be able to use all Palmsoft apps as privately as possible. All apps of Palmsoft collect no sensitive personal information like phone number, credit card number, home address and the like. Even if you buy something using in-app purchases, we never receive any personal or financial details, as this is all managed by Google Play.
However, many Android devices behave differently, and everybody wants an app that works on his device too, so we are collecting both crash-reports and usage data of the apps. For example, if we receive a crash, we can see
what events happened before (e.g. the user pressed a certain button, or the app woke up from sleep)
the version of the app, so maybe it only happened on an old version
the country of the incident (some crashes are language dependent!)
a device fingerprint consisting of hardware information.
All these information is shared with
no third party
and is
not used for advertisment
.
Additionally, in order to help you recover your account and to prevent abuse of the apps by trolls, hackers, bots or spammers, we collect information about your hardware, including a device fingerprint and your
google account’s primary account information (email address) or your amazon-id.
These information are never shared with other users of the app or any third parties, and are solely used for administration.
All in-app advertisement is managed by AdMob (Google). If you want to know more about their data usage, visit
Google’s privacy policy page
. The PRO versions of Palmsoft apps don’t use any in-app advertisements.
Recent Posts
Music Keyboard hits 10  million downloads & gets featured on taimienphi.vn
Music Keyboard reaches 5 million downloads
Music Keyboard released!
Composer 1.0 released!
Beta Testing started
Pages
About us
Composer
Music Keyboard
Privacy Policy
Header Image CC-BY
Alexander Khimushin
Impressum
(c) Palmsoft 2016