Seek Privacy Policy
 ·  iNaturalist
Explore
Community
People
Projects
Journal Posts
Forum
More
Taxa Info
Guides
Places
Site Stats
Help
Video Tutorials
Managing Projects
Teacher's Guide
Log In
or
Sign Up
Seek Privacy Policy
Last Revised on November 26, 2019
This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for the Seek by iNaturalist iOS App of the California Academy of Sciences' and National Geographic. This Privacy Policy is in addition to the Privacy Policy for iNaturalist, found at https://www.inaturalist.org/pages/privacy.
The Seek App
collects very little user data as it does not require an account of any kind and all records are, by default, stored only on the user's mobile device.
An
optional
feature of Seek is to create an iNaturalist account and selectively submit geolocated photos and observations to iNaturalist.
If You use this optional feature of Seek to post observations to iNaturalist, You will be subject to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service of iNaturalist, located at
https://www.inaturalist.org/pages/privacy
and
https://www.inaturalist.org/pages/terms
.
Please read these policies before posting an observation.
For the Seek App ("Seek" or the "App") , iNaturalist ("iNaturalist," "We," "Us" or "Our") does not seek or collect Personal Information (as defined below) from users ("You," "or "User") other than IP addresses, as discussed below.
Children
The Seek App takes many special precautions to protect User privacy to ensure safe use by persons 12 years of age or younger. The App does not require a user account or other log in:  latitude and longitude coordinates transmitted by the App to identify species near the User are rounded to two decimal places before transmission in order to protect the precise location of the User; Images are stored on the device, are only transmitted for the sole purpose of identifying the species photographed, and are deleted from servers shortly after processing by the identification algorithm.
Badges awarded within the App are stored solely within the App on the User’s device. No information about other Users of the App is made publicly available, except in aggregate form to report on usage patterns and trends for the App.
Seek Users 12 years of age or younger who try to create an iNaturalist account to publicly share data outside of Seek by posting to iNaturalist are required to get parental consent via this link:
http://www.inaturalist.org/user_parents/new
.
App Users
iNaturalist collects non-personal information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. iNaturalist's purpose in collecting non-personal information is to better understand how iNaturalist's visitors use its Website and Apps. From time to time, iNaturalist may release non-personal information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its Website and Apps.
Personal Information
Seek by iNaturalist does NOT request or collect Personal Information  that would allow someone to identify You or contact You. When Seek connects to iNaturalist servers over the Internet, iNaturalist automatically collects IP addresses. It uses IP addresses solely for the purposes of communication between You and the iNaturalist servers and does not disclose such information, other than under the limited circumstances described below. Server logs including IP addresses persist for no more than 60 days. Images submitted by Seek for the purpose of automatic identification may include location data embedded in the image files themselves. Such location data, along with the image submitted, are generally deleted within 1 hour of being received. Rounded location data separate from the image may persist in server logs for up to 60 days.
Cookies
The App does not use cookies.
Links and Third Parties
The App does not contain external links, other than to iNaturalist. There are no third parties involved except for requests logged on iNaturalist to view species pages. Any such requests to iNaturalist do not contain any personal information other than the User's IP address.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, iNaturalist may change the Seek Privacy Policy from time to time, and in iNaturalist's sole discretion. We will post an updated and revised version of this Privacy Policy on the iNaturalist Website and within the Seek App when any material changes have been made. Users of the App are encouraged to check this Privacy Policy often so You are aware of the most current terms and conditions that apply to You. Your continued use of the App after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute Your acceptance of such change.
Your California Privacy Rights
Although We do not disclose to any third parties for their marketing purposes any personally identifiable information, California residents are entitled to receive the following disclosure information under California law:
Residents of the State of California, under the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed Personal Information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. We do not share Your Personal Information with any third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and request information about how to exercise Your third party disclosure choices, you must send a request to the following address with a preference on how Our response to Your request should be sent (email or postal mail). Send an email to the California Academy of Sciences Data Protection Officer at
privacy@calacademy.org
or contact Us via postal mail at:
California Academy of Sciences – Data Protection Officer
55 Music Concourse Drive
San Francisco, CA 94118
Attn: Your California Privacy Rights
All requests sent via postal mail must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the envelope or post card and clearly stated on the actual request. For all requests, please include Your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. (Your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to Your request via email. Please include Your zip code for Our own recordkeeping.) We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, notices that are illegible or do not have complete information.
If any User of the Seek App has any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact the iNaturalist Data Protection Officer at
privacy@inaturalist.org
or:
iNaturalist – Data Protection Officer
California Academy of Sciences
55 Music Concourse Drive
San Francisco, CA 94118
© Copyright 2019 California Academy of Sciences. All Rights Reserved.
Revised on November 26, 2019
Revised on November 26, 2019 07:02 PM by
kueda
About
Help
Forum
Press
Jobs
Our Blog
Community Guidelines
Terms of Use
Privacy
DONATE
STORE
Twitter
Instagram
Member of the
iNaturalist Network
|
 
Powered by
iNaturalist open source software
|
 
Documentation for
developers
English
Toggle Dropdown
Breton
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (UK)
Español
Español (Argentina)
Español (Colombia)
Español (México)
Esperanto
Euskara
français
Français (Canada)
Galego
Hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Lëtzebuergesch
magyar
Nederlands
Norsk Bokmål
Occitan
Polski
Portuguese
Português (Brasil)
Santali
Shqip
Slovenian
Slovenský
srpski
suomi
Svenska
Te reo Māori
Türkçe
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
български
македонски
Русский
Українська
Қазақша
עברית
العربية
मराठी
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文
한국어
Help Translate!