Privacy Policy and Cookies – Iovulation Calculator
Home
Blog
About Us
Contact Us
×
Home
Blog
About Us
Contact Us
Feedback
Send Us Your Feedback / Suggestion
SEND FEEDBACK
For further assistance, please
Contact Us
Adblocker Detected!
Uh Oh! It seems you’re using an Ad blocker!
We have specially designed this ovulation calculator for getting instant estimation of the ovulation cycle. So please disable your AD Blocker to know your days of fertility.
Disable your Adblocker and refresh your web page 😊
Privacy Policy
The terms of our “Privacy Policy” is applies to our website “Iovulationcalculator.com” keep in mind that our “Privacy Policy” preferable as “Policy” and “IovulationCalculator” indicated as “Website”.
Thanks for visiting our website; this is handled by our skilled team members! We always identify tasks to secure protection and comfort of its users.
General:
We are identifying to protect your privacy and data and will never share any personal information to a third party, whether for sale or rent!
Cookies:
The iovulationcalculator.com does use cookies to save information about visitor’s priorities; it stores user specific information about pages, which theyvisit. Generally, our website use cookies to track visitors, their different use of our website, and their website access preferences.
What we collect?
Since, iovulationcalculator.com is a tool and blogging site; we do not require any credit card or such piece of information. The personal information that we fetch from you is your Email “Id” and “Name” from the page of contact us!
Who we share it with?
We will never sell, rent, or barter your email address to any third party. We can reveal your email as required either by law or regulation or in good faith to
Follow with the legal process
To keep sate the rights of a provider
The fraudulent campaign that Government Agency should have to be aware of
Changes to this Policy:
The iovulationcalculator.com reserves the right to alter this policy any time. Please look at this “Privacy Policy” page periodically for transform.
Problems with Privacy Policy:
If you have require any information or question regarding to our privacy policy, please feel free to ask at (email).
Trying to conceive? Use our online ovulation calculator & tracker app as knowing when you’re ovulating can assist you & your partner to plan sexual intercourse for when you’re most likely to conceive. Explore the up-to-date information on improving your chance of becoming pregnant right now!
Follow Us:
About
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Contact Us
About Us
© Copyright 2023 by iovulationcalculator.com