Multimedia Editor Apps Privacy Policy: Birthday Video Maker Privacy Policy
Multimedia Editor Apps Privacy Policy
Birthday Video Maker Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy for Birthday Video Maker
Birthday Video Maker
android app under developer name of Photos And Video Apps, respect and protect all user's personal privacy.  Birthday Video Maker DO NOT use and disclose your personal information. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy this information will not be disclosed or provided to third parties.  Birthday Video Maker update this privacy policy from time to time. At the time you agree Birthday Video Maker service agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to all of the contents of this privacy policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Since no data transmitted over Internet or stored on Internet, users can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure. Birthday Video Maker cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personally identifiable information you are transmitting to the websites or posting it on non-public (restricted or private) pages. You understand and acknowledge that the submission of any such information by you via the Internet or posting it on non-public (restricted or private) pages is at your own risk. To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information,Birthday Video Maker maintains appropriate physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards.
NON PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user's behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as the data of install and uninstall, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
MODIFICATIONS TO APPLICATION
Birthday Video Maker reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, the Application or any service to which it connects, with or without notice and without liability to you.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY APPS OR WEBSITES
Birthday Video Maker may contain links to and from third party Apps of our business partners, advertisers, and social media sites. If you follow a link to any of these apps or websites, please note that these apps or websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those apps or websites.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Facebook Audience Network
HOW OUR APP USES PERMISSIONS
Photos/Media/Files:
Read the contents of your phone memory and SD Card and create media files and also delete files as per your action taken.
View Wi-Fi Connections:
This permission is used to check your wifi-connections status.
Full Network Access:
This permission is used to access the device's network for certain functions including get content from api's and display ads.
UPDATE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be provided along with the updated Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us: multimediaeditorapps@gmail.com
©Photo And Video App
Go On
.
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
No comments:
Post a Comment
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
About Me
Multimedia Editor App Privacy Policy
View my complete profile
Simple theme. Powered by
Blogger
.