Title of the document
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information.
By using the
Application
, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Application:
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named
"
FastSave".
You:
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Application, as applicable.
Company
: (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to "Photo and video applications"
Device:
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Data:
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit)
.
Personal Data:
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such 	as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more 	factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or 	social identity. For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that 	identifies, 	relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could 	reasonably be 	linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Non-Personal Data:
Non personal data is data that not identify directly to user.
Do Not Track
(DNT): DNT is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Business:
for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers' personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers' personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers' personal information, that does business in the State of California.
Personal Data:
We are not collecting any personal data for use of "FastSave" Application. It’s a Browser app to browse internet. All personal data you may providing to particular website you are interested in.
Non-Personal Data:
We may also collect non-Personal data that can provide a non-exclusive list of the contents of Usage Data:
Hardware model
Protocol address (e.g. IP address).
Operating system and its version
Screen size
Screen density
Language
Country
Time zone
Analytics:
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
•
Firebase Analytics:
Firebase Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports Application traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  Please find privacy policy
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Advertising:
We may use Service providers to show advertisements to You.
•
Google admob:
Google admob, as a third party vendor, used to serve ads on Application. Please find privacy policy related documents of admob in this link
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
GDPR Privacy:
AS Application does not collect personal information its in GDPR compliances .
CCPA Privacy:
AS Application does not collect personal information its in CCPA compliances .
Devices:
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests.
"Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices in case of You do not want to serve ads in Application.
"Do Not Track" Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA):
Application does not Track signals.
Children's Privacy:
Application does not address anyone under the age of 13.
Links to Other Websites:
Application may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let You know via notice on Application for any changes to this privacy policy.
Contact Us:
please feel free to email us at
help@fastsaveapp.com