Gallery
Skip to content
Gallery
Privacy Policy
Gallery built the Gallery app as an Ad Supported app. This Service is provided by Gallery at no cost and is intended for use as is.
The Gallery application is Collaborated by JKSOL PARTNERSHIP FIRM and All rights reserved to JKSOL Only.
This page is used to inform Application visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Gallery unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Camera, Read/write External Storage, Security question & answer . The information that I request is retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
Your privacy is important to us! Gallery app does not copy or store your photos and videos.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the Application that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these Application. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Third-party analytics services
Appvestor Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy: This Privacy Policy illustrates what personal information a user may share with Appvestor ApS,when installing, running and using Appvestor’s applications and Caller ID technology (collectively “Services”). It also describes how the Company receives, collects and uses this data. In reference to all data received from the identified persons using the Services (“User”), the Company will diligently respect the User’s fundamental legal right to data protection and privacy.
Appvestor Privacy Policy Link:
https://legal.appvestor.com/privacy-policy/
Appvestor End User License Agreement: This End User License Agreement (“Agreement“) governs your use of the Caller Identification Service (“Service“) owned and operated by Appvestor ApS.
Appvestor End User License Agreement Link :
https://legal.appvestor.com/end-user-license-agreement/
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me. If you need Contact me on
truecallname@gmail.com
.
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Gallery
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started