Frontstar Technology
Skip to content
Frontstar Technology
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Instagram
Menu
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to FrontStar Technology. Sometimes we need information to provide
services that you request, this privacy statement applies to its products, namely FrontStar Technology,
All FrontStar Technology Apps
Your privacy is very important to us and we want you to know everything we do and
don’t do with the information you provide. Our guiding principle is that any
information we collect from you will be treated with the utmost care and respect, and
every effort will be made to ensure the information is kept private.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes:
help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher
quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.
Personal Information
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or
upgrade our products.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according
to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process,
litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
We use Google Admob Network SDK for advertisements in our applications. There could
be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side
effects.
How the Company Uses Your Information.
The Company uses the information it collects for analytical, business and operational
purposes in the following ways:
1. operate and update the Software & Services and provide you with existing and new
functionality and features;
2. improve and customize the Software & Services;
3. provide you personalized content, including through the delivery of targeted
interest-based advertisements from us or our partners;
4. maintain and improve the quality and operation of the Software & Services;
5. notify you of Software & Services updates;
6. provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback;
7. take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software
& Services;
8. enforce the terms and conditions applicable to the Software & Services and to
prevent unlawful activities and misuse thereof;
9. comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable
governmental request
Thanks By Frontstar Developers.
frontstarinfotech
Uncategorized
Leave a comment
December 12, 2017
December 28, 2017
1 Minute
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
Frontstar Technology
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Frontstar Technology
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Report this content
View site in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar