V-SPEED applications Privacy Policy
V-SPEED applications Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
V-SPEED Sp. z o.o. company with headquarters in Poland in Oborniki Śląskie at Piłsudskiego 5 Str. (V-SPEED) has
        been
        providing free applications for measuring the quality and speed of internet connections around the world since
        2006.
        Based on the measurement results, V-SPEED creates and provides statistical reports as well as maps of link speed
        and
        cellular network coverage. In addition, V-SPEED provides certified measurement systems for telecommunications
        market
        authorities and dedicated measurement tools for Internet access service providers. The goal of V-SPEED is to
        provide
        information for users about the quality and speed of internet connections, coverage maps available in
        applications,
        and to improve and accelerate the Internet.
This Privacy Policy applies to applications for:
Android
iOS
Windows
MacOS
2. Information about the data processor
The data administrator (including personal data) is V-SPEED. In all matters related to data processing, please
        contact:
by e-mail to the following address:
office@v-speed.eu
or
by post to the following address: V-SPEED o. Wrocław, Mińska 38/315 Str., 54-610 Wrocław, Poland.
3. Information about the personal data processing
To achieve the assumed goal, V-SPEED processes (including collecting) the following personal data:
information provided by the user in correspondence with V-SPEED including e-mail address for support purposes,
e-mail address for login to the user's account.
Personal data is processed on the basis of a voluntarily expressed consent or for the purpose of providing the service by V-SPEED.
V-SPEED may entrust the processing of the above personal data to technical staff for the purpose of monitoring
        and
        development of system processes, and to external service providers of server lease, in order to enable the
        implementation of these services. V-SPEED ensures that technical staff and external suppliers process the
        entrusted
        data in accordance with applicable law.
V-SPEED does not process special categories of personal data, does not use automatic decision-making or
        profiling
        based on personal data. V-SPEED makes every effort to protect personal data against unauthorized access by third
        parties and in this respect applies organizational and technical security measures at a high level.
Personal data is not transferred outside of Poland/EU/EEA.
4. Information about the user's rights in relation to personal data
V-SPEED makes every effort to ensure that each user feels safe and protected while using the application. In the
        case of personal data, the user has the following rights:
the right to access personal data and receive a copy thereof,
the right to delete personal data (the so-called "right to be forgotten"),
the right to rectify personal data,
the right to limit the processing of personal data,
the right to object to data processing,
the right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate authority,
the right to withdraw consent to the processing of personal data at any time (which does not affect the
            lawfulness of the processing which was carried out on the basis of consent expressed before its withdrawal).
5. Information about processing and sharing of other data
In addition, to achieve the assumed goal, it is necessary to process (including collecting) data:
link speed and quality measurement results (download, upload, ping, jitter) - basic information for the user
            and
            parameters for creating statistical reports,
user's IP address - only to determine the name of Internet access service provider,
unique identifiers of the device (Android ID, iOS UUID, etc.) - elimination of high volume of measurement
            results that come from single users and may affect statistical reports and coverage maps,
information about internet connection parameters (connection type, signal strength, radio interface
            parameters
            related to the cellular or WiFi network, etc.) - classification and analysis of results in statistical reports and
            coverage maps,
information about the device (manufacturer's name, model, etc.) - classification and analysis of results in
            statistical reports,
user location identifiers (fine from the device or approximate based on GeoIP) - choosing the best
            measurement
            server, marking the results on an interactive map in the application, creating aggregated maps of cellular
            network coverage and speed.
The above data may be processed (including collecting) even when the application is closed or not used in order
        to
        increase the accuracy of the created maps.
V-SPEED may share this data to the following third-parties for the indicated purposes:
Internet access service providers - analysis and improvement of the quality and speed of provided Internet
            connections along with potential possibility of identifying the user solely for the purpose of solving problems with
            the
            user's Internet connection,
the telecommunications market authorities - analysis of market trends (without the possibility of user
            identification),
hardware manufacturers - improving the quality and efficiency of the supplied equipment through which users
            connect to the Internet (without the possibility of user identification).
6. Children protecting
V-SPEED does not use application for direct advertisements or obtain any data from devices that are used by children under
        the age of 13. If a parent or guardian is aware that any information has been provided without his consent, he should
        contact V-SPEED and V-SPEED remove this information in a reasonable time.
7. Data security
V-SPEED protects data transmission with integrity checks and a secure connection, encrypted using TLS, version
        1.2
        or higher. We take care of the high quality of certificates that encrypt connections. We also take care of the
        security of the servers on which the data is stored through continuous control of the data center certification
        level and strictly defined policies for accessing servers, both physical and remote.
8. Data removal
V-SPEED accepts removal requests of the data obtained while connection speed measurement. The request should be sent
        in an e-mail message to office@v-speed.eu and should contain shared url to the test result. The url can be obtained
        after the measurement or from the test results list. All data obtained from the user's device (basing on
        the shared url) will be removed.
9. Other information
The application uses unique device identifiers in Google Services (Analytics, AdMob, AdSense) to personalize
        content
        such as advertisements. These personalizations are additionally used in social media, advertising and analytics.
        More information is available at:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites