Call Recorder: Usage Terms and Privacy Policy – Clever Mobile
↓ Skip to Main Content
Clever Mobile
Developing Android applications
Main Navigation
Menu
About
Products
Audio Recorder
Audio Recorder: Usage Terms and Privacy Policy
Call Recorder
Call Recorder: FAQ
Call Recorder: Settings configuration instructions
Call Recorder:  Supported phones and configurations for them
Call Recorder: Permissions
Call Recorder: Translations
Call Recorder: Usage Terms and Privacy Policy
Interval Timer
Interval Timer: Privacy policy
Shake Me
Shake Me: FAQ
Shake Me: Usage Terms and Privacy Policy
Stopwatch
Stopwatch: Usage Terms and Privacy Policy
Volume Control
Volume Control: FAQ
Volume Control: Usage Terms and Privacy Policy
Contacts
Site language
Home
›
Products
›
Call Recorder
›
Call Recorder: Usage Terms and Privacy Policy
Call Recorder: Usage Terms and Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and personal data, and this Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which we will process any information we collect from you, or that you provide to us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand how we treat your personal information.
Personal Information
Call Recorder never collect the actual personal information. Personal information is the information that identifies you or any other person, such as the information which states your First Name, Last Name, Physical Addresses, Telephone, Fax, SSN, and other information stored within your device.
Data Collection
We collect Personal Data you voluntarily provide to us, like your name and email address, when you contact us via email or report a problem in our mobile app.
The App may also collect non-personally identifiable information through Google Analytics, such as settings, the version of the app, information about firmware and other non-personally identifiable information. This is important to ensure the correct functioning of the App, its further improvements and bug fixing.
Record audio
Call recorder uses your phone’s microphone and call audio source to record calls. It does not transfer any audio or voice data to us or to any third party.
Phone storage access
Call Recorder uses access to the phone storage to save recorded files. It does not transfer any audio or voice data to us or to any third party.
Manage phone calls
Call Recorder has access  to your phone calls. It is used to start recording when phone call is started and stop it when phone call is finished. It does not make any calls and does not transfer any call information to any third party.
Contacts access
Call Recorder uses your contacts information to display contact name instead of phone number. Call Recorder does not transfer any contact data to us or to any third party.
Advertising
Call Recorder uses Google’s mobile advertising platform AdMob and fully complies with their privacy and the developer’s policy. Call Recorder Premium version is ads free.
Analytics
Call Recorder uses Google Analytics to collect information about how many people install and use it. Analytics data helps us to improve the app. Collected information is neither personally identifiable nor contains personal information.
Legal
You are not to use Call Recorder in any way that might be illegal or unlawful under local and international laws. You must remove Call Recorder from your phone if you have any doubts.
You are responsible to check legality of call recording in your country and remove Call Recorder if it is not permitted by law.
Limited Liability
You accept that we (Clever Mobile including developer(s), owner(s), contractor(s), director(s), providers and apps) do not have any sort of liability what so ever for anything that may arise from the use of our properties including our apps and/or our communications apart from the Premium version fee you may have paid.
Support
We will do anything we can to fix issues you might have with Call Recorder. Unfortunately call recording on Android depends on the phone and Android version.
– We might not be able to solve the issue if you upgrade to a new Android version which might have call recording issues.
– We might not be able to solve the issue if you change your phone to a different one.
Changes
We may from time to time change this Usage Terms and Privacy Policy. If it is changed we will post the new version on our web site www.clevermobile.net, we recommend that you revisit it from time to time to know the newest version.
Footer Menu
Call Recorder
Epub Reader
Shake Me
Stopwatch
Volume Control
All our apps on Google play
©  2023
Clever Mobile
| Powered by
Responsive Theme