Privacy Policy
----Everything we do is striving for your best experience----
Your privacy is our priority, therefore your personal information is protected by this Privacy Policy
                    in a way that does not allow our company QR & Barcode Scanner (hereinafter as the
                    "Company" "QR & Barcode Scanner", "our", "we" or
                    "us") or any of its affiliates to store nor make use of it under any circumstance, unless
                    properly anonymized and / or encrypted beforehand and either to ensure our Services or for logging,
                    debugging or machine learning purposes only.
We are committed to strong and meaningful privacy protections. Our Privacy Policy details the
                    information we collect, how we use and share it, and the choices you have about how your information
                    is used and shared; when using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer,
                    manipulation, storage and other uses of this information as described in this Privacy Policy. We've
                    summarized key elements of the policy here for your convenience.
General
This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to all products / software, services and
                    websites of QR & Barcode Scanner. (QR & Barcode Scanner, "Company" "QR &
                    Barcode Scanner", "our", "we" or "us") (collectively, the
                    "Services"). You ("you" or "your") consent to this Privacy Policy for
                    collecting, using, disclosing and handling of your information (personal and device information) in
                    connection with your access to, and use of, the Services.
QR & Barcode Scanner reserves the right to modify these policies at any time. We invite you to
                    periodically consult this section for possible updates and changes. Notification of any major
                    changes may be sent to you by email or a system message to your account.
QR & Barcode Scanner provides "Free" Services as well as paid Services for users. In
                    order to pay for the "Free" Service, personalized advertisements are placed before you.
                    Your information is used to personalize the advertisements.
The Services are not intended for use by anyone who is not able to enter into a legally binding
                    contract. In any event, if you under 13 years old or if you are not able to legally form binding
                    contracts, you may not use any of the Services or submit information about yourself to Us. If you
                    have objections to this Privacy Policy, you should not access, sign up for, or use any of the
                    Services.
If you wish to contact our Privacy Officer, you may contact with Email:
                    Barcodestudiocteam@outlook.com.
What Information do We access or Collect?
We may access or collect the following information in order to provide you with a better user
                    experience and better services and to improve our products:
Device information, network information status, WiFi access status, WLAN hotspot information, camera,
                    flash, contact, address book information, installation channels, purchase information.
For specific collection please read the following：
Device Information: When you access our website or use our software, the information we collect
                    include IP Addresses, Device ID, Advertiser ID, browser type and settings, device type and settings,
                    and operating system.
Third Party Applications or Services: We may collect information about you or others from third party
                    applications or services available on our Service. For example, when you register for an account
                    with us, you may do so by choosing to connect your already existing social media account with our
                    Service (e.g., Facebook, Google+, etc.). We receive certain information from your social media
                    account depending on your permissions and which information you have made public. We use this
                    information to make an account for you on our Service.
How we use and share your information?
We will collect, access and use the personal information listed above for the following reasons:
-To determine the network connection status and get the WIFI status.
-To scan QR code.
-To camera preview, turn on flash.
-To read contact information, select local pictures for scanning.
-To query subscription status.
-To provide and maintain our Service.
-To notify you about changes to our Service.
-To provide customer support.
-To gather analysis information so that we can improve our Service.
-To monitor the usage of our Service.
-To receive and respond to customer support enquiries we receive from you.
-To detect, prevent and address technical issues.
-To communicate with you.We use your information to communicate with you to ensure our services are
                    working as intended,and to protect against fraud and spam.
QR & Barcode Scanner will only share the collected information with third parties, such as
                    advertisers, with your permission to share, in order to provide you with commercial
                    advertisements.If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about
                    not having this information used by these companies, click here
                    (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).In addition, we share data with providers
                    of analytics tools, such as Firebase, Google Analytics, which we use to analyse your use of the
                    apps.
We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do
                    not, control the information you share with other users using an Application, the Services or the
                    Site (including via Forums) or how such other users will use or share such information. We are not
                    responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.
Website link
When scanning product barcodes with the EAN or UPC format our barcode scanner apps may show links to
                    external websites which can be used to obtain product and price information related to the scanned
                    barcodes. When following these links, the barcode number.
Security
We implement industry standard security measures intended to protect against the loss, misuse and
                    alteration of the information under our control. Please be aware that no data transmission over the
                    Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant the
                    security of any information you transmit on or through the Service and you do so at your own risk.
Transfers of Your Information
If you choose to use the Service or provide your information to us, your information may be
                    transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or databases located outside of the country or
                    jurisdiction where you are located, including the United States. Such countries may have laws that
                    are less protective than the country in which you reside. If you do not want your information
                    transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are
                    located, you should not use the Site or Service.
Disclosure of Your Information
1. If you violate laws and regulations (such as sending harassment messages), we will legally
                    disclose your personal information.
2. Your payment information may be share with third parties as needed for billing purposes and to
                    prevent fraud.
Retention
1. Personal data shall be processed and stored as long as required by the purpose they have been
                    collected for.
Therefore:
• Personal data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between us and you
                    shall be retained until such contact has been fully performed.
• Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Company’ s legitimate interests shall be retained
                    as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the
                    legitimate interests pursued by the Company within the relevant sections of this document or by
                    contacting the Company.
2. The company may be allowed to retain personal data for a longer period whenever the User has given
                    consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Company may
                    be obligated to retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the
                    performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
3. Once the retention period expires, personal data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access,
                    the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be
                    enforced after expiration of the retention period.
Links to Other Web Sites and Services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the
                    Service, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link
                    to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites
                    or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those
                    that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. Please
                    read over those rules and policies be proceeding.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share the above categories of Personal Data for certain business purposes, including:
Advertising
We may share or otherwise “sell” information with advertising partners who distribute advertising in
                    our services. For further information on the advertising networks which may receive this
                    information, go to ‘APPENDIX A - Advertising networks and their partners’ below.
APPENDIX A - Advertising networks and their partners
Amazon Developer
Privacy Policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
AppLovin
Privacy Policy:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Facebook Audience Network
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Fyber
Privacy Policy:
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
Google AdMob and their partners
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Smaato and their vendors
Privacy Policy:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
For more information on the Smaato
                    Vendors, please visit:
https://www.smaato.com/partner-list
Pangle
Privacy Policy:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Unity Ads
Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
Privacy Policy page:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Inmobi
Privacy Policy:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
PubNative
Privacy Policy:
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
Criteo
Privacy Policy:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our service does not target children under 13 years of age. If a parent or guardian finds that his or
                    her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she can contact us at
                    Barcodestudiocteam@outlook.com, and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is
                    removed from our files information.
Your California Privacy Rights
QR & Barcode Scanner collects various types of personal information about you both online and
                    one, as described in this privacy policy. Under California law, QR & Barcode Scanner customers
                    who are residents of California may request certain information about our disclosure of personal
                    information during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To
                    make such a request, please write to us at the following address: Barcodestudiocteam@outlook.com.
Privacy Consent Management
In compliance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the California Consumer
                    Privacy Act (CCPA), we display a privacy disclosure inside the app where users can unambiguously
                    provide their consent for the collection of the data described in the present terms. User consent is
                    collected and stored inside the app and can be revoked by the user at any time by resetting the app
                    storage from their Android settings or by uninstalling and reinstalling the app. Users may also
                    exercise their right to be forgotten by third-party advertisers by resetting their Android
                    Advertising identifier in their Android settings r by contacting directly any of our advertisement
                    providers listed in the ‘Advertisement’ section.
For Individuals in European Economic Area, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom
1. This section only applies to individuals that access or use our Service while located in the
                    European Economic Area, Switzerland and / or United Kingdom (collectively, the "Designated
                    Countries") at the time of data collection. We may ask you to identify which country you are
                    located in when you use some of the Services, or we may rely on your IP address to identify which
                    country you are located in.
2. We act as a data controller with regard to any personal information collected from individuals
                    accessing or using its Service. A "data controller" is an entity that determines the
                    purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties
                    that act as our service providers or are otherwise acting on our behalf are "data
                    processors" that handle your personal information in accordance with our instructions.
3. Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information. We describe our legal bases for processing
                    throughout this Policy. Below is a list of the purposes described in our policy with the
                    corresponding legal bases for processing:
• Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes;
• provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and / or for any
                    pre-contractual obligations thereof;
• processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
                    processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of
                    official authority vested in the Owner;
• processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a
                    third party. In any case, we will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to
                    the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or
                    contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
4. Your Individual Rights. We provide you with the rights described below when you use our Service.
                    If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us at
                    Barcodestudiocteam@outlook.com. Please note, we may seek to verify your identity when we receive an
                    individual rights request from you in order to ensure the security of your personal information.
• Right to Withdraw Your Consent. If we ever asked for your consent to process your personal
                    information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. A withdrawal of consent will
                    not affect the lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third parties based on consent
                    before your withdrawal.
• Right of Access. Upon your request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information in
                    our files without undue delay and free of charge, unless we permitted by law to charge a fee. Your
                    access may be limited to the extent it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other
                    individuals.
• Right to Rectification (or "Correction"). You may request to correct or update any of
                    your personal information in our files. We may provide you with the ability to update some or all of
                    your personal information directly via the Services.
• Right to Erasure (or the "Right to be Forgotten"). Upon your request, we will erase any
                    of your personal information in our files that: is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes
                    for which it was collected or otherwise processed; was collected in relation to processing that you
                    previously consented to, but later withdrew such consent; or was collected in relation to processing
                    activities to which you object, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.
• Right to Restriction. You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal information
                    under certain conditions. During the time which restriction of processing applies, we will only
                    process your restricted personal information with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or
                    defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or
                    for reasons of important public interest. We will inform you if or when the restriction is lifted.
• Right to Object. You may object to our processing at any time and as permitted by applicable law if
                    we process your personal information on the legal bases of: consent; contract; or legitimate
                    interests. We may continue to process your personal information if it is necessary for the defense
                    of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
• Right to Data Portability. If we process your personal information based on a contract with you or
                    based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to
                    receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to
                    have us transfer your personal information directly to another "controller", where
                    technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of
                    others. You right to data portability only applies to personal information provided by you to us.
• Notification to Third Parties. When we fulfill your individual rights requests for correct (or
                    rectification), erasure or restriction of processing, we will notify third parties also handling the
                    relevant personal information unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
                    Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.
• Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling. You have the right not to be subject to
                    a decision based solely on automated processing of your personal information, including profiling,
                    which produces legal or similarly significant effects on you, unless an exception applies under
                    applicable law.
• Limitations to Individual Rights Requests. We may limit your individual rights requests in the
                    following ways:
i.Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
ii.When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
iii.To protect our rights and properties;
iv.Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
• Transfer of Your Personal Information. We transfer your personal information subject to appropriate
                    safeguards as permitted under the applicable data protection laws. Specifically, when your personal
                    information is transferred out of the Designated Countries, we have the required contractual
                    provisions for transferring personal information in place with the third-parties to which your
                    information is transferred. For such transfers, we rely on legal transfer mechanisms such as
                    Standard Contractual Clauses or we work with U.S. based third parties that are certified under the
                    EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
• Right to Lodge Complaints. If you believe that we have infringed or violated your privacy rights
                    under applicable law or this Policy, please contact us at Barcodestudiocteam@outlook.com, so that we
                    can work with you to resolve your concerns. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a
                    competent supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your habitual residence, place of
                    work, or place of alleged infringement.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
QR & Barcode Scanner may modify or update this privacy policy from time to time in its sole
                    discretion, so you should check this page regularly. The right to interpret the content of this
                    privacy policy belongs to QR & Barcode Scanner Team. When we change the policy, we will update
                    the "Last Modified" at the bottom of this page.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at
                    Barcodestudiocteam@outlook.com.
END
Made by QR & Barcode Scanner Team © 2021. Privacy
                        Policy