InsMate Pro - Privacy Policy
InsMate Pro - Privacy Policy
Last Update: April 12, 2021,
Welcome to InsMate Pro!
Introduction
1.1 VidTak (hereinafter referred to as "VidTak" or "We") takes Users' privacy very
seriously, and We are committed to protecting and respecting Users' privacy. That value
powers
all of the decisions We make, including how We collect, use, share, store and respect Users'
personal data.
1.2 This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "Policy") applies to Users (hereinafter
referred to as "You" or "Users") of our InsMate Pro Video Downloader Apps (hereinafter
referred
to as "Apps"). It is important that You read this Policy together with any other privacy
policies or fair processing policies We may provide on specific occasions so that You are
fully
aware of when, why, and how We collect and process your personal data. If You disagree with
this
Policy in whole or part, You are entitled to terminate using our Apps at any time.
1.3 VidTak reserves the right to amend this Policy or related agreements at any time without
notice, which shall take effect and apply immediately. If You disagree, You have the right
to
stop the Services agreed herein. Once the changes of our agreements have been published, You
continually using VidTak's Services are deemed to have fully read, understood, and accepted
the
changed agreements, and shall abide by such agreements.
PLEASE NOTE THAT this Policy DOES NOT apply to the following cases:
- Any information or personal data collected by any third party services, products,
applications, websites, and/or platforms, regardless of whether they are accessible through
our
Apps; or
- Any information or personal data collected by other companies or institutions that provide
advertising services through our Apps.
In such circumstances, You should refer directly to the Privacy Policies for the relevant
third
party.
Data Controller and Data Processor
1.1 VidTak is both the data controller and data processor, who determines the
purposes
and methods of the data processing concerning your personal data collected by us, and is
responsible for the data processing for your use of our services. If You have any questions,
You
can contact VidTak by
[email protected]
.
Personal Data We Collect
1.1 Personal data, or personal information, means any information that identifies (whether
directly or indirectly) a particular natural person, such as the name, email address, phone
number, identification number, location data, or an online identifier, etc. It does not
include
data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
Generally, We DO NOT require You to create an account on our Apps, and therefore, We DO NOT
collect any personal data from You when You download and/or use our Apps. Also, We DO NOT
track
your browsing history.
1.2 When You use our services, We automatically collect information about the device You use
to
access our services and your usage of our services. The information We collect may include
(where available) the type and model of the device(s) You use, the device's unique device
identifier, operating system, language options, and mobile network information to allow You
to
use our services. We use this information to administer our services and for our internal
operations including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and
survey
purposes, to improve our services.
1.3 PLEASE NOTE THAT our services require access to your device's storage application in
order
to store the completed videos, but We do not take any information, videos, photos, or other
content from your device's video storage application. To fully experience our services,
please
also note that You should enable us to access permissions in your phone such as record,
camera,
microphone, location, etc. You can also disable such access permission in the settings of
your
phone if You do not think it's necessary.
1.4 All features and services within the Apps don't require the collection of face data. We
guarantee that face data will not be collected, used, stored, and shared.
1.5 PLEASE NOTE THAT unless otherwise expressed in this Policy, We DO NOT collect and/or
store
any of your personal data (such as your social platform account password, credit card
information) in any circumstances, including but not limited to:
- when You log in to your personal account of Instagram and its relevant Apps for
downloading;
- when You allow us to access your photo album, local folder, or cloud storage on your
device(s);
- when You repost to any social platform through our Apps;
- when You download or watch or save data by our Apps;
- when You subscribe to our service on our Apps or Google Play.
How We Use Your Personal Data
1.1 We will use the personal data We collect about You in accordance with the laws of
applicable
jurisdictions in the following ways:
- To enter into and to perform our contract with You, or to perform any steps You require
from
us before entering into a contract with You;
- To communicate with You, including but not limited to respond to your request for any help
with our services or for exercising your rights with respect to your personal data;
- To provide You with the services You request;
- To pursue our legitimate interests（or those of a third party）as We deem fit and necessary,
where your interests and fundamental rights do not override those legitimate interests of
ours
(or any third party’s), such as:
1) to understand, improve, optimize and develop our services;
2) to conduct research and monitor the quality of our services;
3) to enforce our Terms of Use; or
4) to respond to complaints, hearings, arbitrations, lawsuits, or other governmental or
regulatory proceedings.
- To comply with our legal obligations under relevant laws, regulations, and orders
(including
subpoenas), injunctions, or any other legal documents issued by the court or competent
governmental or regulatory authorities.
1.2 VidTak DOES NOT share, sell, rent, or trade information (unless it has been anonymized
or
de-identified) with third parties for their own promotional purposes.
1.3 Our service includes and links to features and services (including but not limited to,
social applications like YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp) that are provided by a
third party. We do not control such third-party sites or services and are not responsible
for
the content or functionality of such sites or services. Our inclusion of links does not
imply
any endorsement or association with their operators. The terms applicable to the use of such
third party services will apply and We will not be responsible for anything that is done by
You
or the third-party service provider in connection with your use of their service. Please
note
that We do not keep your private personal information like your account, ID, password and
etc.
on the third-party apps/websites in our services.
If You Fail to Provide Personal Data
1.1 If You fail to provide the personal data as requested where We need to collect such
personal
data by law, under the terms of a contract We have with You, to enter into a contract with
You,
or to provide You with the services, We may not be able to perform the contract We have or
are
trying to enter into with You, or to provide You with, in part or in a whole, certain
features
or the services that You request.
Your Rights and Controls
1.1 You have rights under applicable data protection law in relation to our use of your
personal
data, including:
- Data Access. You have the right to request access to your personal data;
- Rectification. You have the right to update or amend your personal data if it is
inaccurate or
incomplete;
- Objection. You have the right to object to certain uses of your personal data, including
direct marketing, processing based on legitimate interests, and processing for purposes of
scientific or historical research and statistics, on grounds relating to your particular
situation;
- Erasure. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data, or restrict its
use, in certain circumstances (for example You can request that We erase your personal data
where it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected unless certain
exceptions apply);
PLEASE NOTE THAT if You request the erasure of your personal information:
1) We need to keep the data according to the requirements of e-commerce supervisory
authority
and transportation supervisory authority according to the relevant laws (for example,
certain
laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before We
can
delete them);
2) We may retain your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business
interests,
such as prevention of money laundering, fraud detection and prevention, and enhancing
safety.
- Portability. You have the right to request certain copies of your personal data You have
provided to us, to use for your own purposes (often called the right to data portability).
PLEASE NOTE THAT We may not able to provide any copy of your personal data since We usually
not
store any of your personal data;
- Withdrawing Consent. If We are processing your personal information based on your consent
You
can withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings or by sending a
communication to us or the Data Processor specifying which consent You are withdrawing.
Please
note that the withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing
activities based on such consent before its withdrawal;
- Lodging Complaints. You have the right to lodge complaints about our data processing
activities by filing a complaint with our Data Officer who can be reached by the "Contact
Us"
section above or lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority or bring legal
action
(If needed, please contact
[email protected]
and We
will provide You with detailed
information regarding the contact details of the respective competent supervisory
authority.).
If You are EU and Swiss individuals, you also have the following right, under GDPA, to:
- Request the restricted processing of their personal information;
- Receive the personal information that they have provided us with, in a structured,
commonly
used and machine-readable format and You have the right to transmit that information to
another
controller without hindrance or ask us to do so.
If You are California individuals, you also have the following right, under CCPA, to:
- Request that We disclose information to You about Our collection, use, sale, disclosure
for
business purposes and share of personal information. Once We receive and confirm Your
request,
We will disclose to You:
1) The categories of personal information We collected about You;
2) The categories of sources for the personal information We collected about You;
3) Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information;
4) The categories of third parties with whom We share that personal information;
5) The specific pieces of personal information We collected about You;
6) If we sold Your personal information or disclosed Your personal information for a
business
purpose, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information categories sold;
The categories of personal information categories disclosed;
- Say no to the sale of Personal Data (opt-out). You have the right to direct Us to not sell
Your personal information. To submit an opt-out request please contact Us;
- Be treated fairly. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any
of
Your consumer's rights, including by:
1) Denying goods or services to You;
2) Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts
or
other benefits or imposing penalties;
3) Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You;
4) Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a
different level or quality of goods or services.
1.4 If You have any question about these rights or You would like exercise any of them,
please
contact us by the provided email address. Before We can respond to a request to exercise one
or
more of the rights listed above, You may be required to verify your identity or your account
details. Please note that your ability to access or control your personal data will be
limited
in some cases, as required or permitted by applicable law. (We will reply to you within 14
working days of receiving your email. When the email is sent successfully, our reply will be
deemed to have been delivered.)
1.5 PLEASE NOTE THAT if You decide not to provide the personal data We request (such as your
contact detail to communicate with You) We may not be able to timely or adequately respond
to
your needs or proposals with respect to your rights as set forth above.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
1.1 We may use cookies, or similar technologies on our Apps to store information locally on
your
device(s) (hereinafter referred to as "Cookies"). Cookies may be used to track the browsing
activities of visitors on our Apps, count the number of unique visitors, and facilitate
better
use of our Apps and/or services. Please refer to our
Cookie Policy
for further information.
Cookies will be saved to your device(s) after You have accepted our
Cookie Policy
which
will be
presented to You when You required to log in to your account on a social platform. Such
Cookies
will be deleted when You log out. PLEASE NOTE THAT You may become unable to use our services
or
functions that rely on Cookies if You decline such Cookies.
Security of Personal Data
1.1 The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your personal data are extremely
important
to us. We will use various technologies and administrative measures to protect your personal
data which have been collected and/or stored by us from being lost, being misused,
unauthorized
accessed, or leaking. In addition, all processing by our staff is based on their work
assignments and bound by confidentiality obligations.
1.2 PLEASE NOTE THAT despite our best efforts to provide security protection for your
personal
data, due to the limit of technology as well as various possible malicious means in the
internet
industry, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We will regularly review our
security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
1.1 Generally, We only collect and use your personal data to the extent of responding to
your
request, and such data will not be stored in our local device or server. To be specific, if
You
contact us for feedback, complaints, bug reports, or questions regarding your personal data,
We
may collect and use your technical information about the device(s) and/or browsers
(including
without limitation your IP address, browsing type, mobile model, operating systems, network
type, and other browser settings/preference) You may use, and We will only retain such data
and
your contact details (such as email address) on Google Sheet, instead of our local device
and/or
server.
How Long We Store Your Personal Data
1.1 Again, We DO NOT store your personal data unless We otherwise express so in this Policy.
In
the case We retain your contact details (such as email address) and feedback/complaints on
Google Sheet, We will delete such data as soon as You are satisfied with our response.
1.2 PLEASE NOTE THAT the photos, videos, or any other contents You download with our Apps
will
be stored in your photo album, local folder, and/or local browser on your device(s), and
will
not be stored by us.
Advertising
PLEASE NOTE THAT We use Admob, IronSource, Applovin as advertising providers, any
advertising on our
Apps
are published and controlled by them instead of us, and therefore, if You click those
advertising link to any third party, You shall read their privacy policies carefully, and
You
shall understand that their privacy policies are not controlled or covered by us.
AdMob by Google
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions
described by
Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the
"How
Google
uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
or visit the Privacy Policy of
Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
IronSource
IronSource is provided by the IronSource Corporation.
If you'd like to learn more about IronSource, please visit the Privacy Policy page of
IronSource:
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin
AppLovin is provided by the AppLovin Corporation.
If you'd like to learn more about AppLovin, please visit the Privacy Policy page of
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Contact Us
If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if You wish
to
exercise your rights in respect of your personal data, please contact us in the following
ways:
Full name of legal entity: VidTak
Email address:
[email protected]