Privacy Policy | KidControl GPS Tracker for Kids
Toggle navigation
Skip to content
Android
App Store
Support
WEB Login
RU
Default title
Posted on
29.01.2016
30.03.2019
by
admin
KidControl Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how KidControl will collect, access, use or disclose your personal information. It applies to all of our products, services, and web sites.
Information collected
We collect personal information about you in various ways. Personal information does not include information that is not used to identify you, including aggregate or anonymous information.
The personal information we collect includes information you give us, such as name, e-mail address, location information. You may give us information in a variety of ways, including when you sign up for our Services or communicate with customer service.
Information that we automatically collect
. We automatically receive certain types of information whenever you use our services. We may collect information about your device such as the type, version of operating system, signal strength, whether it is on and how it is functioning, as well as information about how you use the device and services available through it and your location.
We collect your unique user identifier and your location through GPS, WiFi, or wireless network triangulation in order to obtain your location for the purposes of providing our service. We collect the location of your designated “Places” to provide alerts when family members arrive and leave. We maintain location information only so long as is reasonable to provide the service and then destroy the location data.
Use of personal information
We use your personal information for a variety of purposes, including providing you with Services. We use your personal information to do things like:
Process your orders.
Respond to legal process and emergencies.
Develop or inform you of new products and services.
Monitor, evaluate or improve our products, Services, systems, or networks.
Customize or personalize your experience with our Services.
We do not share information that identifies you personally with third parties other than as follows:
Affiliates. We may share personal and non-personal information with affiliated entities for approved business purposes.
Service Providers. We may share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf.
Account owners. We offer group accounts to family customers. The account holder for such accounts is the entity or person that buys the service or product for its employees, family members or other authorized end users. You (as the user of a device) may receive service, certain pricing, terms or other benefits through an account with us
Third Party Verification Services. We may share limited personal information (e.g., address, phone number) with other entities to assist with identity verification, and to prevent fraud and identity theft.
We may access, monitor, use or disclose your personal information or communications to do things such as:
comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process;
protect the rights or property of us, our agents, members, our customers, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use;
respond to emergencies;
initiate, render, bill, and collect for services; or
facilitate or verify the appropriate calculation of taxes, fees, or other obligations due to a local, state, or federal government requirement; or determine eligibility for government benefits.
We may share information that is de-identified or in an aggregated form that does not directly identify you.
Information security
We maintain a variety of physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards. These safeguards help protect your personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Be sure to use a strong password to access your account with us.
Information choice and changes
You may, of course, decline to submit any personal information through the service, in which case KidControl may not be able to provide its services to you.
Modifying Your Account Information and Settings: You may modify your account information, update or amend your personal information, or change your password at any time by logging in to your account. You may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, parental consent notification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the service, technical and security notices).
Delete Your Account and Personal Information: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
Updating this policy
We may change this Policy at any time. When we change the Policy we will give notice by changing the date it was last updated or as required by law.
Contacting us: privacy@kid-control.com
Date 2019/01/29
Bookmark the
permalink
.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Privacy Policy
Archives
January 2016
Categories
general
Meta
Log in
Entries
RSS
Comments
RSS
WordPress.org
Privacy Policy
help@kid-control.com
KidControl 2015-2022
Zerif Lite
powered by
WordPress