Help - Mail.ru Agent Privacy Policy
Главная Помощи
Условия использования сервисов Mail.ru
Общие условия
Пользовательское соглашение сервисов Mail.ru
Политика конфиденциальности сервисов Mail.ru
Почта
Пользовательское соглашение сервисов Mail.ru
Политика конфиденциальности сервисов Mail.ru
Пользовательское соглашение сервиса Почта Mail.ru
Политика конфиденциальности сервиса Почта Mail.ru
Условия использования функции «Детский режим»
Новости
Условия использования материалов, размещенных на сайте Новости Mail.ru
Комментарии в сервисе Новости Mail.ru
Политика конфиденциальности приложения Новости Mail.ru
Видеозвонки
Пользовательское соглашение сервиса Видеозвонки Mail.ru
Мой Мир
Лицензионное соглашение
Политика конфиденциальности социальной сети «Мой Мир»
Авто
Условия использования материалов, размещенных на сайте «Авто Mail.ru»
Амбассадоры Mail.ru Group
Пользовательское соглашение сайта «Амбассадоры Mail.ru Group»
Политика конфиденциальности сайта «Амбассадоры Mail.ru Group»
Платформа All Cups
Пользовательское соглашение Платформы All Cups
Политика конфиденциальности Платформы All Cups
Гороскопы
Политика конфиденциальности приложения «Гороскопы» для мобильных устройств на платформе Android/iOS
Дети
Пользовательское соглашение сервиса Дети Mail.ru
Политика конфиденциальности сервиса Дети Mail.ru
Условия использования материалов, размещенных на сервисе Дети Mail.ru
Добро
Условия использования сервиса «Добро Mail.ru»
Соглашение об информационном сотрудничестве сервиса «Добро Mail.ru»
Добрый день
Пользовательское соглашение сервиса «Добрый день»
Политика конфиденциальности сервиса Добрый день
Здоровье
Пользовательское соглашение сервиса Здоровье Mail.ru
Пользовательское соглашение для Консультантов на Здоровье Mail.ru
Политика конфиденциальности сервиса Здоровье Mail.ru
Условия использования материалов, размещенных на сайте «Здоровье Mail.ru»
Кино
Условия использования материалов, размещённых на «Кино Mail.ru»
Леди
Условия использования материалов, размещенных на сервисе "Леди Mail.ru"
Маруся
Лицензионное соглашение для использования программного обеспечения «Голосовой помощник «Маруся»
Политика конфиденциальности сервиса «Голосовой помощник «Маруся»
Соглашение с правообладателями скиллов для Голосового помощника
Облако
Лицензионное соглашение сервиса Облако@mail.ru
Политика конфиденциальности сервиса Облако Mail.ru
Диск-О:
Лицензионное соглашение для приложения «Диск-О:»
Политика конфиденциальности приложения «Диск-О:»
EU PRIVACY POLICY
License Agreement for Disk-O: Applications
Cloud App for EU-based users
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR MOBILE SOFTWARE TITLED "CLOUD MAIL.RU"
EU PRIVACY POLICY for Cloud Mail.Ru
Ответы
Пользовательское соглашение
Питомцы
Условия использования материалов, размещенных на сайте Питомцы Mail.ru
Пользовательское соглашение сервиса Питомцы Mail.ru
Политика конфиденциальности для сервиса Питомцы Mail.ru
Условия допуска консультантов для информационной поддержки пользователей сервиса Питомцы Mail.ru
Hi-Tech
Условия использования материалов, размещенных на сайте «Hi-Tech Mail.ru»
Postmaster
Условия использования
Terms of Postmaster Use
ICQ New
Русский
Лицензионное соглашение конечного пользователя «ICQ New»
Политика конфиденциальности ICQ New
Уведомление об использовании
Уведомление о нарушении авторских прав
Соглашение о присоединении к сети разработчиков «ICQ New»
Условия обслуживания ICQ New Video
Условия использования IrCQ-Net (Сервис ICQ New IRC)
Политика использования cookie-файлов «ICQ New»
Инструкция по использованию ICQ New
English
ICQ New End User License Agreement
ICQ New Privacy Policy
Notice of Acknowledgment
Copyright Complaints Notice
Developer Network Agreement
ICQ New Video Terms of service
IrCQ-Net (ICQ IRC Service) Terms of Use
"ICQ New" cookie policy
EU
ICQ New End User License Agreement EU
ICQ New Privacy Policy EU
Notice of Acknowledgment EU
Copyright Complaints Notice EU
Developer Network Agreement EU
"ICQ New" Video Terms of service
IrCQ-Net (ICQ New IRC Service) Terms of Use EU
"ICQ New" cookie policy EU
ТамТам
Русский
Лицензионное соглашение для конечного пользователя мессенджера «ТамТам»
Политика конфиденциальности для мессенджера «ТамТам»
Политика конфиденциальности для мессенджера «ТамТам» для стран ЕС
Регламент ведения чатов и каналов в ТамТам
Политика использования cookie в мессенджере «ТамТам»
English
TamTam Messenger Privacy Policy
Privacy policy for the TamTam messenger for EU
TamTam Messenger End User License Agreement
TamTam Chats and Channels Regulations
TamTam Cookie Policy
Рейтинг
Лицензионное соглашение
License agreement
Политика конфиденциальности сервиса Рейтинг Mail.ru
myTracker
Русский
Лицензионное соглашение
Политика конфиденциальности сервиса MyTracker
Соглашение об оказании информационных услуг
English
MyTracker Privacy Policy
LICENSE AGREEMENT
Information Services Agreement
COOKIE POLICY
Юла
Лицензионное соглашение
Политика конфиденциальности
Оферта сервиса «Безопасная сделка»
Оферта об оказании Услуги «Поднятие в ленте»
Оферта сервиса «Разовое размещение»
ПРАВИЛА ИСПОЛЬЗОВАНИЯ УСЛУГИ «ИСТОРИИ НА ЮЛЕ»
Оферта сервиса «Тариф»
Оферта для Рекламодателей – юридических лиц
Условия распоряжений покупателя
Правила начисления и использования Бонусов
Нарушение интеллектуальных прав
Нарушение интеллектуальных прав юридического лица
Нарушение интеллектуальных прав физического лица
Правила акции "Услуги продвижения за 1 рубль"
Правила акции "Розыгрыш призов при покупке услуг Сервиса Юла"
Правила акции "Скидка 15% на Тариф"
Правила акции "Бесплатные продвижения от ЮЛЫ"
Пульс
Пользовательское соглашение сервиса «Пульс»
Политика конфиденциальности Сервиса «Пульс»
Оферта для партнеров сервиса Пульс
Оферта для партнеров сервиса Пульс – налогоплательщиков налога на профессиональный доход
Curious
Политика конфиденциальности информационного ресурса Curious
VK Карты
Условия использования Сервиса «VK Карты»
myTarget
Политика конфиденциальности сервиса myTarget
it-diving.ru
Политика конфиденциальности сайта it-diving.ru
Портал
Политики конфиденциальности приложения Портал Mail.ru
VK Реклама
Пользовательское соглашение VK Реклама
Политика конфиденциальности VK Реклама
Terms of Service VK ADS
Cookie Policy VK ADS
EU Privacy Policy VK ADS
Политики компании
Политика в области обработки и обеспечения безопасности перс.данных
Mail.ru Agent Privacy Policy
March 02, 2022
LLC VK
(registered at Moscow, Leningradskiy prospect, 39, bldg. 79, 125167), hereinafter named “Mail.ru” and also “we”, “our” or “us”, assures that it will protect and observe the confidentiality of information received by Mail.ru in the process of using Mail.ru Agent Services by users.
The following Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Mail.ru Agent Services (as defined below). The Mail.ru Agent Services improves your online experience by offering you access to a variety of features, offerings and content including, the LLC VK instant messaging software for desktop and mobile, the Mail.ru Agent Web site, the Mail.ru Agent Toolbar, development tools and any other Mail.ru Agent application, plug-in, service, software, component, functionality, program provided by LLC VK (collectively the " Mail.ru Agent Services" or "Services").
This Policy is an integral part of the Mail.ru Services Privacy Policy posted at: https://help.mail.ru/legal/terms/common/privacy. This Policy contains special rules that describe the conditions for using information about Users of the Mail.ru Agent Services. These rules have a direct effect and priority over the rules contained in the Privacy Policy of Mail.ru Services and other rules governing the operation of Mail.ru Agent Services.
In the absence of provisions in this Policy that fully determine (disclose) the conditions for processing information about Users of the Mail.ru Agent Services, the provisions of the Privacy Policy of Mail.ru Services are applied.
Your ongoing use of the Mail.ru Agent Services signifies your consent to the information practices disclosed in this Privacy Policy. If you object to any provision of this Privacy Policy please do not proceed with registration and please do not use the Mail.ru Agent Services.
Collection of your Mail.ru Agent Services Information
LLC VK may collect certain information about you when you interact with the Mail.ru Agent Services. Depending on how you use the Mail.ru Agent Services, your “Mail.ru Agent Services Information” may include:
Registration-related information (such as name, home or work addresses, e-mail addresses, telephone and fax numbers, birth date or gender);
Information made available by you in Public Areas (as defined below);
Information about your visits to the various Mail.ru Agent Services, and your responses to the offerings and advertisements presented on these Mail.ru Agent Services;
Information about the searches you perform through the Mail.ru Agent Services and how you use the results of those searches;
Information about the Mail.ru Agent Services, offerings and features that you use, including, without limitation, how frequently you use them;
Transaction-related information;
Customer service information about you as an Mail.ru Agent Services user or subscriber;
Data regarding your location for the purpose of enabling location based services;
Information about mobile devices used to access Mail.ru Agent including UDID (Unique Device Identifier).
Certain technical information gathered or received when you use the Mail.ru Agent Services, including, without limitation, browser type, operating system, connectivity, IP address, geographic location, and ISP.
If you are using Mail.ru Agent Mobile LLC VK may collect and store the address book (names and phone numbers only) on your mobile phone. LLC VK will use such address book solely for the following purposes:
To identify if anyone on your address book is using LLC VK and to inform you of such use by such user.
To inform you when someone in your address book registers to Mail.ru Agent.
To integrate such users into your Mail.ru Agent contact list and enable you to communicate with those contacts in your address book that have registered to Mail.ru Agent.
In addition, many software versions provided by LLC VK ("Software") are configured to automatically report back information relating to computer errors arising in connection with use of the Software, without notice to you. Information on your Software configuration settings may be included. This data is sent to LLC VK to help us diagnose performance issues with, and improve, the Software.
Your Mail.ru Agent Services Information may be supplemented with additional information from other companies.
How Your Mail.ru Agent Services Information is Used
Your Mail.ru Agent Services Information is used to:
Operate and improve the Software, Web sites, services and offerings available through the Mail.ru Agent Services;
Provide to you personalized content, services and advertisements;
Fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services;
Communicate with you and respond to your inquiries;
Conduct research about your use of the Mail.ru Agent Services; and
Send you materials regarding LLC VK products, programs, or services that may be of interest to you, including any new services, products or value added services. We can transfer your phone number to our service
clientapi.mail.ru
for the purpose of validation and spam counteraction.
LLC VK may also use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies in combination with your Mail.ru Agent Services information to enhance and personalize your experience on the Mail.ru Agent Services, including, without limitation, to operate and improve offerings through the Mail.ru Agent Services; to help authenticate you when you use the Mail.ru Agent Services; to remember your preferences and registration information; to present and help measure and research the effectiveness of Mail.ru Agent Services offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications (by determining which Network e-mails you open and act upon); and to customize the content and advertisements provided to you through the Mail.ru Agent Services.
A cookie is a small text file transferred to your computer that records information about your preferences and use of services. Such cookies may also include cookies which help LLC VK to identify your location while others may assist LLC VK in remembering certain settings that you have chosen. Web beacons are small pieces of code placed on Web pages that can be used, among other things, to count the users who visit that Web page, or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a user viewing that page. You can control cookies through your browser's settings. If you reject all cookies, however, you may not be able to take advantage of many of the Mail.ru Agent Services offerings.
In order to provide you with certain services, and except as specified below, LLC VK may share with third parties certain information that is not personally identifiable. Any personal identifiable information may be shared with third parties when:
We have your prior consent to disclose such information;
We need to disclose such information to fulfill a transaction you have requested;
(i) We are required to disclose such information to authorized officers of the court in order to comply with valid legal process or (ii) to act in other circumstances in which LLC VK believes the Mail.ru Agent Services is being used illegally or in the commission of a crime or (iii) when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person; or (iv) when necessary either to protect the rights or property of Mail.ru Agent or its users (v) or to enforce and/or investigate terms of service violations. In such cases the contents of your online communications, as well as other information about you as a Mail.ru Agent Services user (e.g. IP address), may be disclosed.
We need to send such information to a third party contractor, company, partner or affiliated company which works with LLC VK in helping us operate the Mail.ru Agent Services and provide our services to you. In such circumstances we will only provide these companies with the information they need to deliver the service;
As otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of User’s Data
Company may use the collected User’s Data to analyze usage of the services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the services and products to further development of the App and other Company’s software and services. For these purposes Company may disclose User’s Data to partners which have their own specific serving technologies (“Partners”). You acknowledge and agree that the analytics utilized by Company’s Partners may combine the User’s Data collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These Partners collect and use information under their own privacy policies. They may not use your User’s Data for their own marketing purposes. Company may also disclose your User’s Data to third parties when Company has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Company’s (its subsidiaries) intellectual property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Company acknowledges that such disclosure is necessary to protect Company’s (its subsidiaries) rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Company or its subsidiaries. Company has the right to disclose User’s Data in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order. Company may also disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. Company may transfer User’s Data about End-users in cases Company or one of its business units are acquired by, sold to, or merged with another company.
Please be aware that any information you may have published in a public area (Public Area) may be accessible to LLC VK or third parties and used by LLC VK or such third parties. Therefore carefully consider whether you wish such information to be accessible. Public area’s may include your user profile (depending on the level of your privacy settings) any blogs, message boards, forums or similar services made available through the Mail.ru Agent Services. Additionally any information you choose to provide on a "Co-Branded" page or through a "Co-Branded" service will be handled by either party and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the third party privacy policy. A "Co-Branded" page or service is a page or service which bears both the LLC VK and third party names, branding, graphics or anything else which makes it clear you are viewing a Co-Branded service, including if the service is “Provided by” or “Powered by” a third party. Please make sure to read both the partner's and Mail.ru Agent's privacy policies before entering or providing information to a Co-Branded page or service.
In the event that ownership of the Mail.ru Agent Services was to change as a result of a merger, acquisition or transfer to another company, your Mail.ru Agent Services information may be transferred.
Furthermore, when a user registers to the Mail.ru Agent Services such user will be searchable through the Mail.ru Agent public directories. Mail.ru Agent users may search the Mail.ru Agent directories for other users based on the information provided by such users, including, name, Mail.ru Agent #, phone number etc. and add such users to their contact list. Once a user has added you to their contact list they may view your online/offline presence unless otherwise selected via your security and privacy settings. Please note that if you’ve registered through a mobile device using your phone number then any other Mail.ru Agent user that has your phone number in their address book may be able to view your online presence regardless of your security and privacy settings.
Mail.ru Agent Account and Password
The holder of an Mail.ru Agent account and password has the ability and discretion to edit the user details provided in the user profile for such account. For this reason and other reasons it is very important to choose a difficult password, to keep your password in a safe place and to use updated anti-virus software. It is your responsibility to keep your password and username secure.
Advertising and Added Value Services
LLC VK may display various types of advertising to you throughout the Mail.ru Agent Services and may provide you with certain added value services to enhance your Web browsing experience(i.e. a comparison shopping feature). Certain advertising and added value services displayed may be based, among other things, on certain keywords you’ve entered, search queries, interests added to your profile (or other locations within the Mail.ru Agent Service), or the content of a Website that you are viewing. For example, when visiting a sports Website LLC VK may present you with ads related to sports gear or when viewing a camera on a certain ecommerce site LLC VK may present with you alternative prices from other web sites.
In addition LLC VK and its advertisers may use ad network providers and other service providers, to help present customized content and advertisements on the Mail.ru Agent Services and other Web sites. These providers may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies on your computer to help present, better target, and measure the effectiveness of their content and advertisements, using data gathered over time and across their networks of Web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audience. The Mail.ru Agent Services may share certain non-personally identifiable information about you as an Mail.ru Agent Services user (such as age or zip code) with certain ad network and service providers, to help them deliver more relevant content and advertisements through their networks.
Our Commitment to Security
LLC VK has established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of your Mail.ru Agent Services Information, but cannot guarantee that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy (for example, as a result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or the policies of the Mail.ru Agent Services and its affiliated providers).
General Internet Hazards
You should be aware that receiving files from third parties, via any application (e.g. Mail.ru Agent, email, etc.) may be harmful. Before receiving any files from any user, and even if the account from which the file transfer notice is sent looks familiar to you, it is strongly recommended that you verify that the person sending you these files is indeed the person you think he is, for example by asking him for some kind of information known only to the two of you. Please make sure not to receive files from users you do not trust, from users you are not sure they are whom they say they are or whenever you are not sure you want to receive the files.
You should be aware that communications over the Internet are not secure unless they have been encrypted. LLC VK does not encrypt your communications. In addition, your communications may be routed through different countries - that is the nature of the Internet. LLC VK cannot accept any responsibility for any unauthorized access or loss of Data.
Governing Law
This Agreement and the Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation, excluding its conflicts-of-law rules. Please note that your use of the Mail.ru Agent Services may be subject to other local, state, national, and international laws. You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or dispute with LLC VK or relating in any way to your use of the Mail.ru Agent Services resides in the courts of the Russian Federation in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving LLC VK or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers and content providers.
Special Note for Parents or Legal Guardians
Parents and guardians who would like to permit their children to use the Mail.ru Agent Services should assist them in setting up their Mail.ru Agent account and supervise their use of the Mail.ru Agent Services. The Mail.ru Agent Services may contain certain content that is not appropriate for children. As parents and guardians it is your responsibility to supervise your children’s use of the Mail.ru Agent Services and restrict any use of Mail.ru Agent Services which may not be appropriate for your child.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the Mail.ru Agent Services Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us at this email address:
contact_agent@corp.mail.ru
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Additional Information
LLC VK may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, therefore you should review this Policy periodically.
Mail.ru
О компании
Реклама
Вакансии