superjob.ru Privacy Policy
"
"
"
"
"
"
"
"
"
"
Вакансии
Москва
Найти
Ваш город
Москва
?
Всё верно
Выбрать другой
+7 495 790 72 77
Вход
Регистрация
Regulation on Personal Data Processing in the CVs and Vacancies Database (Privacy Policy)
What this Privacy Policy covers
This Privacy Policy (the Policy hereinafter) covers any information that may include personal information, which the Limited Liability Company SuperJob may obtain when you use the Mobile App (the App hereinafter).
By using the App you provide your consent to processing your personal information by SuperJob, LLC (the Operator hereinafter).
Who processes information
In order to provide correct functioning of the Apps your personal information are processed by SuperJob, LLC, a legal entity incorporated under the Russian laws and located at 4-36 Г, suite I, floor 3, 20 M. Dmitrovka st,., Moscow 127006 (TIN 7702319337).
What type of personal information is collected by the Operator
When you use the App, the Operator may collect the following categories of your Personal Information:
a version of the operating system;
a device model;
geolocation (with your consent);
RAM;
flash memory;
device orientation;
device unique identifier;
device universal advertising identifier (with your consent).
device phonebook information
What are legal basis for processing your personal information and purposes thereof
The Operator only processes your Personal Information if:
processing is necessary to perform contractual obligations between you and the Operator;
processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations;
processing is provided by applicable law, is necessary for the legitimate interests of the Operator and does not unduly affect your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
The Operator processes your Personal Information for securing its legitimate interests, for instance, in the following situations:
to better understand how you interact with our App;
to enhance, modify, personalize or otherwise improve the Apps for the benefit of all users;
to enhance usability of the Apps;
to develop new products, utilities and offers by SuperJob, LLC.
Where your Personal Information is stored and processed
Your Personal Information will be stored and processed in the Russian Federation. The Operator will not transfer your Personal Information to other jurisdictions.
How long we store your Personal Information
Your consent to processing your Personal Information will be valid until it’s withdrawn or until the purpose of its communication is achieved, whichever comes first. A withdrawal can be communicated by a written application to the Operator’s address.
Your rights
You have the right, at your own discretion, to withdraw, exclude, set restrictions imposed to a list and categories of personal information allowed for disclosure by delivering a respective written request to the Operator’s e-mail. address cv@superjob.ru. The above request must include the last name, name, patronymic (if any), contact details (telephone number, e-mail or postal address) of the owner of the personal information, and a list of personal information which processing is subject to termination.
Updates to this Policy
This Policy may be subject to amendments. The Operator shall be entitled to make such amendments at its own discretion, including, without limitation, to reflect changes in applicable legislation or amendments to the App.
Соискателям
Создать резюме
Поиск работы
Работа для студентов
Советы
Каталог профессий
Конструктор резюме
Cписок компаний по индустриям
Зарплаты по профессиям
Курсы
Каталог кадровых агентств
Работодателям
Разместить вакансию
Поиск сотрудников
Стажировки
Тарифы
Советы для работодателей
Каталог резюме
Партнерам
Реклама на сайте
Реклама вакансий
Интеграционные сервисы
Логотип SuperJob
SuperJob
О компании
Новости сервиса
Работа в Superjob
Исследования
Зарплатомер
Профориентация
Калькуляторы
Карта сайта
Документы
База данных SuperJob
Услуги
База данных Поиск услуг
Рекламный кабинет
Агрегатор образовательных курсов
Иные документы
Поиск
работы
Поиск
сотрудников
Производственный
календарь
© 2000–
2023
SuperJob
Мы используем cookies, чтобы
улучшить сайт для вас.
Подробнее
Понятно