Sami4Apps Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective and was last updated as of 16 Mar 2017
sami4apps has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how sami4apps collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with sami4apps’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. sami4apps reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If sami4apps makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, sami4apps may post a notice on sami4apps’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data sami4apps may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device.
sami4apps may use and disclose to sami4apps’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other sami4apps services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by sami4apps may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Your privacy is important to sami4apps. Sometimes we need information to provide services that you request, this privacy statement applies to our products .
sami4apps may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other sami4apps services and products. sami4apps may combine non-personal data with personal data.
sami4apps may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by sami4apps in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
sami4apps collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, sami4apps may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
sami4apps may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on sami4apps behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by sami4apps . These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. sami4apps may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. sami4apps has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for sami4apps . sami4apps is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
sami4apps may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or sami4apps to legal liability. sami4apps may also disclose your personal data to third parties when sami4apps has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with sami4apps rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or sami4apps believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect sami4apps’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on sami4apps . To the extent permitted by applicable law, sami4apps will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through sami4apps website or in another reasonable manner.
Safeguards
sami4apps follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in sami4apps possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in sami4apps possession. Personal data collected by sami4apps is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, sami4apps maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite sami4apps reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Location information
When you use a location-enabled sami4apps service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at contact@sami4apps.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
3rd party services
We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.
Advertising
3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on sami4apps apps, possibly based on user interests.
Admob
We use Admob by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob Privacy Policy – https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Analytics
3rd party analytics services allow us to monitor and analyze app usage, better understand our audience and user behavior.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google utilizes the collected data to track and examine the use of sami4apps Apps, to prepare reports on user activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)
Contact Us
If you have a question or issue with the Sami4apps Privacy Policy please send an email to: contact@sami4apps.com