Privacy policy B623 - Apple Pie
Apple Pie
Home
Contact Us
Facebook
Linkedin
Instagram
B623:Beauty Plus Selfie Camera
Privacy Policy
S
elfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters has developed the Photo Editor application as a Free application for Android users. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decides to use our Service.
This service is provided by Selfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters, and at no cost, it is intended for use as is.
Our Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Every user’s privacy is important to Our App Service.
We hope, that our policy is straightforward and easy to understand. Please spare a minute to read and review the details of our privacy practices below.
In order to provide the best, more accurate, and well-targeted services, Selfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters may use personal information submitted by the user only. Selfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters will not disclose any such information or provide such information to any third party at any cost.
Terms of Services:
Selfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters may employ some third-party companies or individuals for the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service.
To assist us in analyzing ‌how our services are used
To perform Service-related services.
To provide the Service on our behalf.
Selfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters wants to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf, and they are obligated not to disclose or use the user’s information for any other purpose.
Required Permissions:
Photo Editor requests the following permissions on your device:
READ EXTERNAL STORAGE –
This permission is required to read from external storage.
WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE –
This permission is required to write to external storage.
CAMERA –
required to capture images of documents using the device camera. Revoking this permission will limit the application’s functionality.
Modification and Termination of Services:
Selfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters may change any function or feature or can terminate the services altogether. We have a policy of constantly improving the services we provide, and for that, we can modify or terminate any of our services anytime without notifying the user or anyone. This may result in the deletion of user data. Any loss or compromisation of data will not be liable to Selfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters. Users are advised to keep their sensitive information outside of the app because we do not promise anything about our services.
Cookies
:
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored in your device’s internal memory.
Refusing Cookies:
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. But, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and to know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Log Data:
Selfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters wants to let you know that whenever you avail of our services, in ‌case of an error in the app we may collect data and information (maybe through any third party products) on your phone known as the log data. This Log Data may include ‌information such as your device name, device Internet Protocol (IP) address, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, operating system version, time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics (if required).
About Terms And Conditions:-
Selfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters may modify these terms and conditions or add any additional terms that apply to a service or changes to our services without any prior or post notice to users.
Security:
Selfie Beauty Photo Editor: Beauty Camera, Filters is concerned about safeguarding your confidential information. We provide electronic, physical, and procedural safeguards to protect we process and maintain. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information, we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Your Consent:
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy ‌and as amended by us. Where, the processing means using cookies on a computer or any other device, or using or touching information in any way, including. but not limited to, storing, collecting, using, deleting, disclosing, and combining information.
Links to Other Sites:
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. These external sites are not operated by us and therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control and take no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services.
Use of IN-App Purchase System
1. Subscribed users will have access to the pro features.
2. Unsubscribed Users can access limited filters, backgrounds, frames, and templates.
3.You will get a 3-day free trial after purchasing the subscription. After the free trial period expires an auto-renewing subscription period will start on a regular basis. Please mind that you will be charged automatically unless you cancel your subscription 24 hours before the end of the free trial period. When you cancel your subscription you will still have access to basic functions of the App. Premium options are available during the whole free trial period.
4. Once the subscription has ended, the user will have to renew it.
5. Payment is non refundable.
Changes:
Our Privacy Policy may change occasionally or frequently. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without providing explicit, advance notice.
About Us
ApplePie Applications provides the best & highly innovative and unique mobile apps as we believe in uniqueness.
Facebook
Linkedin
Instagram
Quick Links
Home
Contact Us
Contact Us
List Item #1
List Item #2
List Item #3
Copyright © 2024 Apple Pie | Powered by Apple Pie