Share Pro Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Share Pro Privacy Policy
Share Pro Privacy Policy
SharePro is committed to respect your privacy and to comply with applicable data protection and privacy laws. This privacy policy ("
Policy
") describes our practices concerning the personal information we collect from you or that you provide to us.
If you do not agree with this Policy, you should not use SharePro.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
You don't have to create an account to use SharePro. When you use SharePro, we will collect some basic information about you, which includes:
Usage Information.
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use SharePro. Such information includes the content format (i.e. whether the content is a word, pdf, music or video, etc.), title and size you share. Please rest assured that we will not collect the content you share.
Device Information.
We will also collect information regarding the device you are using to access SharePro, such as your device model, the network type, device IDs, and Identifier for Vendors (IDFV).
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Appyhigh deals with the personal identifiable information (\'PII\') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the\'Google Play\'Platform).\n\n Generally, we do not collect any PII from you when you download our Android applications. To be specific, we do not require the consumers to get registered before downloading the application, nor do we keep track of the consumers\' visits of our application, we even don\'t have a Server to store such PII.\n\n Appyhigh uses Admob as ads provider. Admob wants to show ads that are relevant to you. For more information, please check privacy guidelines of Admob from their official website. The only situation we may get access to your PII is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug report. The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address and your survey response only.\n\n In above situation, we guarantee that your PII will only be used for contacting you and improving our services. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.\n\n It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at
admin@appytome.com
, we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner. For
google admob's privacy policy refer to here.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
f
2. USE OF INFORMATION
We generally use the information we collect about you to:
provide, improve and develop our services;
support you efficiently using SharePro, i.e. to permit you and other users to connect with each other through our services to share content;
fulfil requests for services, product functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting and testing, etc.;
communicate with you if necessary, including to notify you about changes and updates in our services when you provide your contact information;
understand how you use SharePro;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies and terms;
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
3. SHARING OF INFORMATION
We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose your information to third parties. We want you to understand that we may share your information with law enforcement agencies or public authorities if legally required to do so, or if such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal obligations;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share your information for other purposes pursuant to your consent or with your further direction.
5. Policy for Children
We do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children (we define "children" as minors younger than 13, in certain cases, this age may be higher due to local regulatory requirements). We do not knowingly allow children to use our service. If you are a parent and become aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us at
admin@appytome.com.
6. Data Security
We seek to protect your information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational, and administrative security measures. Although we work to protect the security of your information, please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the internet is completely secure.
7. Data Retention
We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the services. Where we do not need your information to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such information. In some cases, we retain your information for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable laws and regulations. In case you want to uninstall the app and also want your data to be deleted, please contact us at admin@appytome.com.
User Generated Content
a. Definition. “User Content” means any content that users upload, post or transmit (collectively, “Post”) to or through the Service including, without limitation, any text, comments and other works subject to protection under the laws of the United States or any other jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright laws, and excludes any and all SharePro Content.
b. Screening User Content. SharePro offers end users the ability to submit User Content to or transmit User Content through the Service. SharePro does not pre-screen any User Content, but reserves the right to remove, disallow, block, or delete any User Content in its sole discretion. SharePro does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness, availability, or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will SharePro be liable in any way for any User Content.
c. Licenses to User Content. While you retain ownership of any rights you may have in your User Content, you hereby grant SharePro an unrestricted, assignable, sublicensable, revocable, royalty-free license throughout the universe to reproduce, distribute, publicly display, communicate to the public, publicly perform (including by means of digital audio transmissions and on a through-to-the-audience basis), make available, create derivative works from, retransmit from External Sites, and otherwise exploit and use (collectively, “ Use”) all or any part of all User Content you Post to or through the Service by any means and through any media and formats now known or hereafter developed, for the purposes of (i) advertising, marketing, and promoting SharePro and the Service; (ii) displaying and sharing your User Content to other users of the Service; and (iii) providing the Service as authorized by this EULA. You further grant SharePro a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content. Any User Content posted by you to or through the Service or transmitted to SharePro will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and treated as such by SharePro, and may be used by SharePro in accordance with this EULA without notice to you and without any liability to SharePro.
d. You Must Have Rights to the Content You Post. You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the User Content Posted by you on or through the Service or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this EULA; (ii) the Posting and Use of your User Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights, intellectual property rights, or any other rights of any person, including, but not limited to, the rights of any person visible in any of your User Content; (iii) the Posting of your User Content on the Service will not require us to obtain any further licenses from or pay any royalties, fees, compensation, or other amounts or provide any attribution to any third parties; and (iv) the Posting of your User Content on the Service does not result in a breach of contract between you and a third party. You agree to pay all monies owing to any person as a result of your Posting your User Content on the Service.
e. Waiver of Rights to User Content. By Posting User Content to or through the Service, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof. To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain, or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Service.
f. Objectionable Content. You agree not to Post any User Content to the Service that is or could be interpreted to be (i) abusive, bullying, defamatory, harassing, harmful, hateful, inaccurate, infringing, libelous, objectionable, obscene, offensive, pornographic, shocking, threatening, unlawful, violent, vulgar, or in violation of any applicable laws (including laws related to speech); or (ii) promoting any product, good, or service, or bigotry, discrimination, hatred, intolerance, racism, or inciting violence (including suicide) (collectively, “Objectionable Content”). The Posting of any Objectionable Content may subject you to third party claims and none of the rights granted to you in this EULA may be raised as a defense against such third party claims. If you encounter any Objectionable Content on the Service, then please immediately email
admin
@appy
tome
.com SharePro in its sole discretion may take any actions it deems necessary and/or appropriate against any User who Posts Objectionable Content on the Service.
8. Your rights
You have a right to know what information we hold about you, and to access it. You have a right to have incomplete, incorrect, unnecessary or outdated information updated. You have the right to request that your information be erased, and to obtain a copy of your information. You have the right to object to or restrict processing in certain circumstances, such as where you believe the information is inaccurate or the processing activity is unlawful.
Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardises the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision.
9. Updating this Privacy Policy
SharePro reserves the right to change, modify, or update this privacy policy at any time. Any changes to this privacy policy will become effective when we post the revised privacy policy on SharePro. We will update the "Last Updated" date at the top this privacy policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued use of the service following these changes means that you accept the revised privacy policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using SharePro.
Data and Permissions
Share Pro accesses the following data and permissions solely for the purposes of delivering and improving its intended features to you -
1. Camera - for scanning QR code by user.
2. File read & storage permission - Read, modify and delete contents of USB storage to save, retrieve and delete content in accordance with the usage of the features of the app
3. Device-specific information like OS version, hardware model, IP address to optimize our network connections and ensure the quality of service.
4. Information about installed apps to enable sharing of apps via our service.
5. Approximate and precise location facilitates the transfer of files between the sending and receiving devices.
6. Wifi & Bluetooth - required for users to connect with the other device for sharing files.
10. Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us via
admin@appytome.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse