Privacy Policy - Heic to JPG Converter by Mobile Apps Smart Ultility Online
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy - Heic to JPG Converter by Mobile Apps Smart Ultility Online
Trang chủ
Heic to JPG Converter Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy - Heic to JPG Converter by Mobile Apps Smart Ultility Online
Trang chủ
Heic to JPG Converter Privacy Policy
More
Trang chủ
Heic to JPG Converter Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy -
Mobile Apps Smart Ultility Online
This Agreement is a legal agreement between you and
us
regarding your
downloading, installation and use of
our
mobile application software and
related services.
UPDATE:   Privacy Policy in about the collection of File.
Some our app (example : Convert Word to PDF) need upload to our serve to convert into PDF, we will use it for converting only. We dont use your files anymore after converting.
Your uploaded
files
will be processed by our AI network in our server. We will only store the uploaded items for 12 hours temporarily. After that, all original and processed
files
will be cleared permanently. All uploaded and processed images/photos will never be used for other purposes or shared with others.
YOUR DOWNLOADING, INSTALLATION AND USE OF THIS MOBILE APPLICATION
SOFTWERE IS BASED ON YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE
TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.
We
has the right to modify the terms of this Agreement regarding the
updates of the Software. You can check the modified version of this Agreement from
our official Google Play Store page.
When you use our apps, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy notice. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
WILL YOUR UPLOADED IMAGES BE USED FOR OTHER PURPOSE?
Your uploaded images or photos will be processed by our AI network in our server. We will only store the uploaded items for 12 hours temporarily. After that, all original and processed images/photos will be cleared permanently. All uploaded and processed images/photos will never be used for other purposes or shared with others.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We automatically collect(By Google Analysis) certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use personal information collected via our Services for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account *(such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract.
To send you marketing and promotional communications. We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the “ WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS ” below).
Fulfill and manage your orders. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Services.
To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
To deliver services to the user. We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law en
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse