Photo,Video Locker – Calculator
Skip to content
Photo,Video Locker – Calculator
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to the “Photo, Video Locker – Calculator” mobile app for Android under the publisher name of “Photo and video applications”. We are committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors, users and others who access our application. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood and agree to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your personal information is not collected because we do not store data online while you hide pictures and videos using our app. We use information only to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the App, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages to solve your problems regarding the app.
This app capture intruder photo when incorrect password attempted from unauthorized intruders and email to registered email address provided by user. This captured photo will be removed from our servers in 24 hours and we no longer store this data of user. This feature is optional for user and user can Turn On or Turn Off this feature from Settings->Intruder Selfie.
NON PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as the data of install and uninstall, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
MODIFICATIONS TO APPLICATION
“Photo,Video Locker-Calculator” reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or
permanently, the Application or any service to which it connects, with or without notice and without liability to you.
ADVERTISING IDENTIFIERS
We use device identifiers to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share such identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
HOW OUR APP USES PERMISSIONS
– Read the contents of your USB storage: This permission is used so that you can manage saved photos and videos.
– Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage: To view, delete, share photos and videos from this application.
-View network connections: To identify whether download is possible or not.
-Full network access: To check internet availability.
Our App uses Device Administrator permission. For the protection from the app uninstallation by snoopers or children, We recommended to enable Device Admin permission from our Settings. We called it Uninstall Protection.
Our App uses Accessibility Service. You can enable Power Saving mode from our Settings to save battery power and have Eco-friendly applock. We use this accessibility service for the read app lock for the people with disabilities. Please be assured that We never collect any other data from accessibility.
We do not store files online. Those are stored locally in your device.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be provided along with the updated Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us: photovideoapps@gmail.com
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
photovideoapps.wordpress.com
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
%d
bloggers like this: