Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Pione built the MCPESkinStudio app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by
                    Pione at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure
                    of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
                    relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving
                    the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
                    in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is
                    accessible at MCPESkinStudio unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Collected items of personal information and methods of collection
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain
                    personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Android AD id. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase
Types of Data Collected
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Cookies and Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Methods of collection
Collection by entry or agreement on the company android application
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to
                    your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However,
                    they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving
                    to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
                    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
                    its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
                    to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly
                    advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over
                    and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
                    or services.
User’s right
The users or their legal representatives, as main agents of the information, may exercise the following rights regarding the collection, use and sharing of personal information by the Company:
The right to access to personal information;
The users or their legal representatives may access the information and check the records of the collection, use and sharing of the information under the applicable law.
The right to rectification;-	The users or their legal representatives may request to correct inaccurate or incomplete information.
The right to erasure;
-	The users or their legal representatives may request the deletion of the information after the achievement of their purpose and the withdrawal of their consent.
-	However, Company will not be able to erase some personal data due to following reasons in accordance with the article 17 of the EU GDPR(General Data Protection Regulation).
· The processing of your personal data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
· The processing of your personal data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to restriction of processing;
-	The users or their legal representatives may make temporary suspension of treatment of personal information in case of the disputes over the accuracy of information and the legality of information treatment, or if necessary to retain the information.
The right to data portability
-	The users or their legal representatives may request to provide or transfer the information.
The right to object
-	The users or their legal representatives may suspend the treatment of personal information if the information is used for the purpose of direct marketing, reasonable interests, the exercise of official duties and authority, and research and statistics.
The right to automated individual decision-making, including profiling
-	The users or their legal representatives may request to cease the automated treatment of personal information, including profiling, which has critical impact or cause legal effect on them.
Matters concerning the installation / operation and rejection of automatic collection of personal information
"Company" may install and operate a device that automatically collects personal information such as "cookies" that store and find your information from time to time. A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your browser by the server used to run the "company" site and is stored on your computer's hard disk. "Company" uses cookies, etc. for the following purposes:
Purpose of use, such as cookies, to analyze the frequency of visitors and non-members 'visit times, to identify customers' preferences and interests, and to provide targeted marketing and personalized services through traceability, Is located.
You have the option of installing cookies. As a result, you can allow all cookies by setting options in your web browser, check each time a cookie is saved, or refuse to save all cookies.
You can refuse to set cookies by selecting the option of your web browser so that you can accept all cookies, check each time you save cookies, or refuse to save all cookies.
Period of retention, use and destruction of personal information
We destroy the personal information of our users without delay when the purposes of our collection or use of the personal information are accomplished. However, the personal information is retained for a given period as outlined below as required for verifying the related rights and duties concerning transactions based on the provisions of the Commercial Act or other relevant statutes:
three years
The personal information is destroyed as outlined below:
Personal information printed on paper is destroyed by way of shredding or incineration.
Personal information saved in digital files is destroyed by way of deletion using technical methods disabling recovery of records.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect
                    personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child
                    under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from
                    our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
                    information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
                    this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting
                    the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
                    this page.
Manager responsible for managing personal information
We have appointed our representative as our personal information manager with substantial authority for management of personal information on our website as outlined below in order to protect your personal information while preventing damages caused by leakage or abuse or misuse of personal information :
                    us.
MyoungBo-Seo
+82-10-7929-7973
kiringun07@gmail.com
This privacy policy page was created at
privacypolicytemplate.net
and modified/generated by
App
                      Privacy Policy Generator