Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 2019
Welcome to Livesho(the "Platform"). The
Platform is provided and controlled by Livesho ("Livesho", "we" or "us"). We are
committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in
this policy have the meaning given to them in the
Terms
of Service
.
What information do we collect?
We collect information when you create an
account and use the Platform, such as your Name, Age, Gender, Phone number,
content you create, and your Public IP Address. We also collect information you
share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical and
behavioral information about your use of the Platform.
Information you choose to provide
For certain activities, such as when you
register, upload content to the Platform, or contact us directly, you may
provide some or all of the following information:
Registration information, such as gender, age and
     phone number
Profile information, such as name, social media
     account information, and profile image
User-generated content, including comments,
     photographs, videos, and virtual item videos that you choose to upload or
     broadcast on the Platform ("User Content")
Payment information, such as PayPal or other
     third-party payment information (where required for the purpose of
     payment)
Your social network contacts, with your
     permission. If you choose to find other users through your social network
     contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names
     and profiles of your social contacts
Your opt-in choices and communication
     preferences
Information to verify an account such as a form
     of identification
Information in correspondence you send to us
Information you share through surveys or your
     participation in challenges, sweepstakes, or contests such as your gender,
     age, likeness, and preferences.
Data Protection Policy - Retention/Deletion/Usage
Livesho store mentioned personal collected data or login plateform data (if any) for profile creation and matching users call with similar profile at our server side only. Livesho never share these personal data to any third party for this matching process
Livesho will delete data within 30 days once user contacted our support via email id which is mentioned in this policy or updated on play store.
If user is no longer using these services, Livesho will delete data in 180 days.
For any data related query, user have to request or contact on support email id
Livesho only share advertising id and other public ip info shares with thrtd party for advertising only but it not includes any personal profile data
Information we obtain from other sources
We may receive information about you from
other sources. For example, if you choose to link or sign up using your social
network (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google), we may collect
information from these third-party services, including your contact lists for
these services and information relating to your use of the Platform in relation
to these services.
We will also receive information about
you (including age data and demographic information) from third parties (such
as advertising networks and analytics providers) and from other sources,
including business directories and other commercially or publicly available
sources.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain
information from you when you use the Platform, including your IP address,
unique device identifiers, screen resolution.
Usage Information
We collect information regarding your use
of the Platform and any other User Content that you generate through and
broadcast on our Platform. We also link your subscriber information with your
activity on our Platform across all your devices using your email, phone
number, or similar information.
Location data
We collect information about your
location, based on your IP address.
Messages
We do not process any of your messages,
neither store them.
Metadata
When you upload User Content, you
automatically upload certain metadata that is connected to the User Content.
Metadata describes other data and provides information about your User Content
that will not always be evident to the viewer. In connection with your User
Content the metadata can describe how, when, and by whom the piece of User
Content was collected and how that content is formatted. It also includes
information, such as your account name, that enables other users to trace back
the video to your user account. Additionally, metadata will consist of data
that you chose to provide with the video, e.g. any hashtags used to mark
keywords to the video and captions.
How we use your information
We use your information to fulfill and
enforce our
Terms of Service
, to improve and administer
the Platform, and to allow you to use its functionalities. We may also use your
information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform,
and customize your ad experience.
We generally use the information we
collect:
to fulfill requests for products, services,
     Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations,
     including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical,
     and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback
to customize the content you see when you use
     the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the
     country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to
     content that you liked or interacted with
to send promotional materials from us or on
     behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties
to improve and develop our Platform and conduct
     product development
to measure and understand the effectiveness of
     the advertising we serve to you and others and to deliver targeted
     advertising
to make suggestions and a customized ad
     experience
to support the social functions of the Platform,
     including to permit you and other users to connect with each other through
     the Platform and for you and other users to share, download, and otherwise
     interact with User Content posted through the Platform
to use User Content as part of our advertising
     and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform
to help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal
     activity on the Platform
to ensure that you are old enough to use the
     Platform (as required by law)
to communicate with you, including to notify you
     about changes in our services
to announce you as a winner of our contest,
     sweepstakes, or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send
     you any applicable prizes
to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies
consistent with your permissions, to provide you
     with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized
     content
to inform our algorithms
to combine all the information we collect or
     receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the
     time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
How we share your information
We are committed to maintaining your
trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the
information we collect.
If you access third-party services, such
as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, to login to the Platform or to share
information about your usage on the Platform with others, these third-party
services may be able to collect information about you, including information
about your activity on the Platform, and they may notify your connections on
the third-party services about your use of the Platform, in accordance with
their privacy policies.
If you choose to engage in public
activities on the Platform, you should be aware that any information you share
may be read, collected, or used by other users. You should use caution in
disclosing personal information while engaging. We are not responsible for the
information you choose to submit.
Your Choices
Your mobile device may include a feature that
     allows you to opt out of some types of targeted advertising ("Limit
     Ad Tracking" on iOS and "Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" on
     Android).
You can opt out of marketing or advertising
     emails by utilizing the "unsubscribe" link or mechanism noted in marketing
     or advertising emails.
If you have registered for an account you may
     access, review, and update certain personal information that you have
     provided to us by logging into your account and using available features
     and functionalities.
Security
We use reasonable measures to help
protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access,
disclosure, alteration, and destruction. You should understand that no data
storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public
network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please note that
information collected by third parties may not have the same security
protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for
protecting the security of such information.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from
time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating
the "Last Updated" date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy
Policy and providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend
that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay
informed of our privacy practices.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests
regarding this policy should be addressed to:
Email Address: nishadroid89@gmail.com