Birthday Master Studio
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Birthday Master Studio
Birthday Master Studio
Privacy Policy
we recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy applies to all apps (Android) under the publisher name of “
Birthday Master Studio
”. We has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you can understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience.
Third-Party Sites
The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us
Security
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
We Do-not share your personal information to any third party for our interest and we are very much concern about your personal information security and privacy.We put physical power for security purposes. We or non of our employee has rights to share your information with any third party without your prior permission.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not to disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
Advertisement in Application
We use advertisements in our applications. There could be errors in the programming and sometime programming errors may cause unwanted side effects.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Services or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.
Contact
You can contact us email us at the address below:
Birthday Master Studio
Email:-
birthdaymasterstudio@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse