Highapp Limited - Email Inbox all in one - Privacy Policy
Home
Apps
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Highapp Limited Apps & Services
Highapp Limited. (“Highapp Limited” or “we”) respect your preferences concerning the treatment of information that we may collect. This Privacy Policy explains what kind of information we collect, use, share, and the security of your information in relation to our mobile applications (“Applications” or “Apps”) and mobile services (“Services”). Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our privacy practices.
By installing the apps on your mobile device, entering into, connecting to, accessing, and/or using the apps, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this privacy policy, including the possible collection and processing of your information and you are consenting to the use of cookies and other tracking technologies on your device. Please note: if you or, as applicable, your legal guardian, disagree to any term provided herein, you may not install, access, and/or use the apps and you are requested to promptly erase them, and any part thereof, from your mobile device.
Google API Disclosure
Email Inbox All in One App in Highapp Limited use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements. Press
here
to reach Google ApI Services User Data Policy
What information do we collect?
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with a safe, efficient, and customized experience and to provide you with services and features that better meet your needs or requests.
Personal Information We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you. “Personal Information” means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.
Non-Personal Information We collect non-personal information about your use of our Apps and aggregated information regarding the usages of the Apps. “Non-Personal Information” means information that is of an anonymous nature, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Applications.
How we use your information we collect
Personal Information
We do NOT collect and use Personal Information in any way.Non-personal Information
Generally non-personal information is used internally to monitor and improve the Services, to perform analyses of the behaviour of our users, to measure user demographics and interests, to describe our services to third parties such as advertisers and to analyse how and where best to use our resources. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
How we share the information we collect
Personal Information
We do NOT collect and share Personal Information in any way.Non-personal information
We accept advertisements from Third Parties ad networks which may be displayed in our Apps. We may share certain information with third-party advertisers, ad networks and ad platforms (“Advertising Entities”) to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Apps. We may also allow Advertising Entities to collect non-personal information within the Services which they may share with us, including your device identifier, device type, device brand, device model, network type, device language, and IP address. Advertising entities may also collect non-personal information related to the performance of the advertisements, such as how many times an advertisement is shown, how long an advertisement is viewed, and any click-throughs of an advertisement.
Links to third-party websites and services
The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements. If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that websites or service, and not to this Privacy Policy. We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information. Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service. You agree that Mobile Flame will have no liability for any matters relating to a third-party website or service that you provide information to, including their collection and handling of that information.
Compliance with laws and law enforcement
Highapp Limited reserves the right to share your information with third parties if we believe such action is necessary in order to: (1) conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served upon us; (2) protect or defend our legal rights or property (3) investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or violations of the terms and conditions of using our Apps and Services.
Children’s Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Contact us
If you have any suggestions, feedback, or requests, email us at
wecare@highapplimited.co.uk
Highapp Limited – wecare@highapp.co.uk
Registered office address:
1 Durrad Drive, Oadby, United Kingdom, LE2 4TT
Company number:
13652126
VAT:
398550350
Copyright © 2021. All rights reserved.