개인정보 취급방침
기본 콘텐츠로 건너뛰기
이 블로그 검색
앱잠금 - 개인정보취급방침
개인정보 취급방침
공유 링크 만들기
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
이메일
기타 앱
12월 21, 2020
Smart Lock Privacy Policy
Smart Lock values your privacy and we are committed to protecting your privacy. So we've developed a Privacy Policy. When you use our services (including mobile applications), we may collect and use your related information. Important, you should not install Smart Lock products in the event that you do not consent with this privacy policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
Personal Information
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products, your personal information like your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, media files and information stored within your device. We will not collect or store your Personal Information and we will not use, transfer or disclose your Personal Information, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you send an error report or participate in online surveys and other activities. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
Your prior permission.
By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests.
By requests from public and governmental authorities.
To protect our legal rights and interests.
Non-Personal Information
We collect your non-personal information when you are using our, including your device information, operation system, logs. We may collect the information you provided to us. Please make sure that you will not send us or disclose any sensitive information such as information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, health information, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership of past organizations, including trade union memberships. We will not sell, trade, or transfer your information to any third party. We will not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information, such as combining your unique User Device number with your name. We may use your Information for the following purposes:
To provide our services to you.
To assure the safety of products and services we offer via using your information on identification-check, customer services, security, fraud-detection, archives and backups when we are providing you with our services.
To help us develop new services and improve our existing services.
To better understand how you access and use our services, for the purposes of improving and personalizing our services to better respond your desires and preferences, including language and location setting, personalized services, help and instructions, or other responses to you and other customers on other aspects of our services.
To evaluate the effect of advertisements and other marketing scheme we put in our services and improve it.
To verify software or administer software upgrades.
To allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services.
Information Security
Smart Lock is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We will not collect Personal Information, in the meanwhile we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use.
Children
We do not collect, use or disclose personal information from children. If you are under 13, you may use our applications when you are with a parent or guardian. We do not provide service focus on Children.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us at:
yjj774104
@gmail.com
공유 링크 만들기
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
이메일
기타 앱
댓글
댓글 쓰기
Powered by Blogger
테마 이미지 제공:
Michael Elkan
개인정보취급방침
프로필로 이동
자료실
12월 2020
1
신고하기