Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Stardomsolution developer
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
January 10, 2022
PRIVACY POLICY
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy informs you use our services (including websites and mobile applications), we may collect and use your related information on our services. If the related information was not provided, otherwise you may not register as our user to use some of our services or we may not able to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences from our services. So we are developed a Privacy Policy.
USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not collect or store your Personal Information and we will not use, transfer or disclose your Personal Information. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law: Your prior permission;By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;By requests from public and governmental authorities;To protect our legal rights and interests;
USE YOUR NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not sell, trade, or transfer your information to any third party. We will not combine Non Personal Information with Personal Information, such as combining your unique User Device number with your name.INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USEFor a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the appGoogle Play Services Admob personal information data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will not collect Personal Information, in the meanwhile we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorised access and use.We will not share any Information from your device with third parties. If you do not understand and/or agree to the privacy, you should immediately exit and avoid making any use of app for Whatsapp's services.
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATE
Developers will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do so, we will also revise the "last modified" date of the privacy statement.USER CONTENTAll Content added, uploaded, submitted, distributed, posted to, or created using the Services by users (collectively "User Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you represent that any User Content you create using tools accessible on the Services does not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of any third party and is otherwise in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content, including User Content, accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or any other party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Services is or will continue to be accurate.
DEVICE ADMINISTRATION
Screen Lock requires Device Administration permission to be able to lock the device upon user selected events. App does not use the permisson for any other purpose.Vibrate: This permission is needed for vibrating on some touch events.Internet: This permission is needed for exporting/importing app for Whatsapp data to/from google drive.Storage: We may collect and store information (including your images and videos) locally on your device using mechanisms such as application data caches.
AD POLICY
- GOOGLE
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
Google Ads Policy
We use Google Admob Advertising on our app. Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
- FACEBOOK
Facebook Ads Privacy
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically.
CONTACT US
You have any additional questions about app’s Privacy Policy, You are encouraged to contact app. You can also send Your enquiries via email to snowfall.
stardomsolution1@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Popular posts from this blog
Privacy policy
August 27, 2021
We built App & This SERVICE is provided by us at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at our app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. *Information Collection and Use* For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any wa
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Stardomsolution developer
Visit profile
Archive
January 2022
1
August 2021
1
Report Abuse