Privacy policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
bubble shooter game
is committed to protecting your privacy when using our websites. The following information explains how we handle your personal data, so that we can best meet your needs as a business, while protecting your rights as an individual.
Personal data
bubble shooter game
will not collect your personal data, whether name, e-mail, telephone number, etc. unless you choose to give it to us, for example, when subscribing to a newsletter, or contacting us with a query.
Should you provide us with any personal information, it will only be used for the purpose for which you provided the information in the first place, unless you agree that it may also be used for other marketing purposes either by
bubble shooter game
or by a third party working on our behalf.
Third party use
Third party service providers will only use your personal information for the purpose which we have agreed them. bubble shooter game   will not provide any personal data to third parties for their own use. Nor at any time will we disclose any information that is personally identifiable without your permission, unless we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
Information is stored for the lifetime of the project for which it was provided. If at any time you would like us to stop using your personal data, please contact us at the address below. On receipt of your request we will stop using your information for marketing purposes.
Security
We have put in place the appropriate electronic means and procedures to ensure that information is both stored and accessed securely. All personal data supplied to bubble shooter game is held securely in accordance with the appropriate data protection regulations.
Cookies Policy
bubble shooter game uses cookies to monitor activity on our websites. We do not use cookies to collect information that would identify you as an individual, but rather to understand the different computers, devices, browsers etc. used to access our site. You can not be identified from this information, but it helps us to analyse how our site is used and improve the service we provide you with when you visit our website.
Should you wish to block the cookies, please consult the Help menu in your web browser for further details on how to do so.
Children’s Privacy
bubble shooter game   does not target the content of its websites at children, nor does it knowingly collect personal data from children.
External links
bubble shooter game may link to content on other websites. This content, and the privacy practices of these sites, are beyond our control and not included in this privacy policy.
have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please e-mail simohamed.bellile@gmail.com , or write to bubble shooter game N 6 rue 25 bloc d hay oued fes fes, fes 30000   morooco
Changes to this privacy statement
This page will be updated whenever there are any changes to how we handle data protection. Please check this page regularly to be sure you have the latest version of our Privacy Policy.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse