Audio Video Cutter - Merger
Audio Video Cutter - Merger
Audio Video Cutter - Merger Privacy Policy
CV Infotech built the Audio Video Cutter - Merger app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by CV Infotech at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Audio Video Cutter - Merger unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Data Collection
Audio Video Cutter - Merger collects anonymous usage data by using Google Analytics and Crashlytics. Audio Video Cutter - Merger does not share any information or the user data provided to any third party companies or services.
Terms of Services
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service.
To provide the Service on our behalf.
To perform Service-related services.
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your
    Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Required Permissions
Audio Video Cutter - Merger requests following permissions on your device:
Internet and Network
FULL NETWORK ACCESS
– Required for all the application features. Revoking this permission
		will limit the application functionality to local use only.
GOOGLE PLAY BILLING SERVICE
- Required for in-app purchase of Audio Video Cutter - Merger and its additional components.
ACCESS WIFI STATE
- Required to check the applications to access information about Wi-Fi networks.
INTERNET
- Allows applications to open network sockets.
Other Permissions
WRITE SETTINGS
- Allows an application to read or write the system settings.
WRITE EXTERNAL STORAGE
- This permission is required to write/update to external storage. Revoking this permission
		will limit the application to not to write/update video and audios file to external storage.
Modification and Termination of Services
We have a policy of constantly improving our services, and for that we can modify or terminate any of our services anytime.
  We may change any function, feature or can terminate our services all together. This may cause in deletion of user data.
  Any loss or compromisation of data will not be liable to CV Infotech, users are advised to keep their sensitive information 
  outside of the app. We do not promise anything about our services.
About these terms
We may modify these terms or add any additional terms that apply to a service or changes to our services without any prior 
  or post notice to users. User need to check the terms at a regular interval to be updated with the services and terms. 
  If it turns out that any particular term is not applicable, it wili not affect other terms. The laws of New Delhi, 
  India will be applicable to any dispute arising out of our these terms or related to our services. All claims arising 
  out of or related to these terms, App or Website use or services provided by CV Infotech will be litigated exclusively
  to District Court Dwarka, New Delhi, India.
Log Data
We want to let you know that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving
      to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
      the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
      its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
      to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly
      advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over
      and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
      or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
      this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting
      the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
      this page.
Informarion Collected and Used
Our app uses third party services and that may collect information about you. Link to the privacy policy that are used in our application given below. By agreeing to the terms and conditions/privacy policy of our application, you agree to the privacy policies of the below mentioned SDK's.
Facebook
Audio Video Cutter - Merger
&starf;
&starf;
&starf;
&starf;
&starf;
Looking for the best MP3 Video Cutter, Audio Cutter App that can cut videos, merge videos, cut audio, merge audio and make ringtone of any mp3, audio file.
Copyright © 2017 Audio Video Cutter - Merger, Made with ❤ by
CV Infotech