Privacy
Policy
Your privacy is
extremely important to us and we are committed to protect it. Please
read our Privacy Policy carefully and email us if you have any
further questions or concerns.
Note: Our Privacy
Policy covers the use of our blog/website and all software products
developed by ESSE Joint Stock Company and available on the Google
Play™ store website.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We DO NOT collect,
share, sell, send, store or use any personal information obtained
while using any of our software applications or visiting our website.
We may use information submitted by you when you email us or submit
an error report in order to improve our products and services to you.
NON-PERSONAL
INFORMATION
Non-personal
information refers to information that cannot relate to a specific
individual. Such information may include the device id, model and
build number, operating system version, application usage frequency
e.t.c.
We may collect
non-personal information from time to time in order to understand our
users needs better, fix problems with our products, improve the
quality of our products and improve the overall user experience with
our products. In the case where non-personal information is combined
with personal information, this information will be treated as
personal information.
PROTECTION OF
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take appropriate
security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural
measures) to help safeguard your information from unauthorized access
and disclosure. Please know that, despite our efforts, no security
measures are perfect or impenetrable.
INFORMATION YOU
SUBMIT TO OTHER SERVICES
Please note that we
cannot be held responsible for information you submit to other
services (such as when submitting comments regarding our products to
other websites). You should therefore take the necessary precautions
when using other services in order to safeguard your personal
information.
ADS
Third party vendors,
including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior
visits to our website.
Ad networks may use
cookies in our applications in order to improve the user's experience
by serving relevant ads
Google's use of the
DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your
based on your visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of
the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by
visiting Ads Settings
Third party vendors
may use the device's location in order to improve the quality of ads
that are displayed to the user.
PRIVACY POLICY
UPDATES
We may update our
Privacy Policy from time to time, therefore you should check back
often. When we update our Privacy Policy we will post a notice on our
website. You can always find the latest version of our Privacy Policy
on this link.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any
questions about our Privacy Policy you can email us using our
developer contact email. Our email can be found on the Google Play
page or the About page of any of our applications.