Lịch Vạn Niên - Lịch VN
Lich Van Nien - Lich VN privacy policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) provides important information 
regarding Lich Van Nien - Lich VN brands (“Lich Van Nien - Lich VN”, “we” or “our”). 
You provide consent to this Policy when you open 
and use Lich Van Nien - Lich VN application (“App”) and other related services 
(“Services”) .
1. COPPA, personal and non-personal information.
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do 
not knowingly collect personal information on children under the age of 
13.
The App does not collect or require users to enter their personal 
information.
When using the App, we might read non-personal information (such
 as network connection, Wi-Fi availability, wake lock, alarm, device 
status) for the use of Product development and Service improvement. The collection 
of information will be used for the development and functional 
improvement of our App to ensure quality user experience. We only 
collect such information to the extent that allow us to conduct our 
normal business operation and App's research and development.
Any information we received will be used internally for the purpose 
of product development.
2. Permission asking
Lich Van Nien - Lich VN requires some device permissions, we declare below:
Device location:
to update & show the weather forecast at current user location.
3. Right of access and collection user information
(a) By using the App, you acknowledge that we reserve the right to 
use the following system APIs to access data on your phone:
Obtain your current location with consent.
Access the Internet from the device.
Write app data to the external storage.
All such access is made by us with your consent, so you undertake and acknowledge that, 
once you have granted us permission, you will not have any claims about this access.
(b) For a better experience, while using our Services, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Android Advertising ID.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. 
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
(c) With access, we will collect the following information from you:
Personal information: includes information you provide us to 
verify your account such as email address;
Location information: your geolocation data will be stored on the server to help 
	you use the App's search function;
We do not use any means to track message content, exchange or otherwise to track users while using this App.
(d) Note content: can be stored on the server if you select uploading function.
(e) Submitting email:
You can contact us by sending an email.
You can use your email address to register account and sign in the App.
If you submit a request with email address or register an account, we may 
receive your email address you provided.
4. Third party websites and cookies
The App may open our website or third party websites. Our
 Privacy Policy will have no effect on any third party websites’ privacy
 policy or their usage of personal information collected. Our Privacy 
Policy as expressed herein does not apply to other parties, and we do 
not dictate the collection or usage of information by them. We do not 
take part in the operation of third party advertisers or websites.
The App does not use cookies.
5. Amendments
We may amend our privacy policy from time to time by posting the 
amended Policy on our website, without directly informing our users. 
Therefore we encourage our users to review this policy frequently.
6. Update or remove user data
Lich Van Nien - Lich VN keeps your content for as long as necessary in providing 
its services. If you want to remove user data, please do following steps in your Android phone:
Swipe down to your
Quick Settings
Panel and
Tap
on the
Settings
cogwheel.
Scroll down the screen and
Tap
on
Apps
.
Locate the app you would like to
Clear Data
by scrolling through the app list or by using the search icon.
Select
Storage
.
Tap on
Clear Data
.
Select
OK
to Clear App Data.
7. Facebook data deletion instructions
According to the Facebook Platform rules, we have to provide User Data Deletion Callback URL 
or Data Deletion Instructions URL. If you want to delete your activities for our application 
(Ex: Lich Van Nien - Lich VN), you can remove your activities by the following instructions.
Go to your Facebook
Account’s Setting & Privacy
. Click
Setting
.
Go to
Apps and Websites
and you will see all of your Apps activities.
Select the option box of our application which you want to remove.
Click
Remove
button.
Congratulation, you are successfully remove your activities.
In case you do not want to continue using our application, please use the delete account feature 
in the application. All your personal data will be permanently deleted from our system.
8. Contact us
If there is any question you may contact us using the information below.
We love hearing your voice. Let's contact us and stay connected!
Website: weplay.vn
Email: lichvn@weplay.vn‬
Address: No.28, Alley 165, Mai Dich Street, Mai Dich Ward, Cau Giay District, Ha Noi, Viet Nam