Terms & Conditions of using EngVarta - English Practice App
Skip to content
EngVarta app connects you with live English experts over a Phone Call. Download the app now & Start your English speaking practice.
Menu
Home
Blog
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use for EngVarta.com website, app and services
These terms govern your usage of the EngVarta website, application and service. By using or visiting EngVarta website and application, you agree to be bound by these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, you should not use EngVarta website or application. For the purpose of this agreement, you means anyone who visits the website, uses the EngVarta app, pays for the service or takes classes.
The use of the website or service by the customer shall mean that he/she agrees with the following terms of use
Changes to terms of use
EngVarta reserves the right to change these terms of use from time to time with or without notice to you at our sole discretion. The most current version of these terms can be viewed by clicking on
“Terms of Use”
at the app or bottom of the pages of the EngVarta website. The most current version of the Terms of Use will supersede all previous versions. Your use of the EngVarta website or app or continued use of our service after changes are made means that you agree to be bound by such changes.
Privacy Policy
Any information submitted on the EngVarta website or app is subject to our Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein. We do not sell, lease or rent any of your personal information to any third party or agent.
The calls may be monitored or recorded for training and quality assurance purposes.
Use of Cookies
EngVarta uses Google Analytics cookies to collect non-sensitive data about your browsing behavior on www.engvarta.com and uses it to better optimize your experience. Your continuing to browse the website constitutes your consent to allow the use of such cookies to collect non-sensitive data.
Enrollment
To use the English speaking session services, you will need to enroll for the program, purchase the plan and provide the required information. You agree to
(a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service’s registration form (such information being “Your Data”),
(b) maintain and promptly update Your Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. You agree not to use the site, app, the Services or the Company Content to recruit, solicit, or contact in any form Trainers or potential Consumers for employment or contracting for a business not affiliated with us without our advance written permission.
Refund and Cancellation Policy
Fee once paid will not be refunded in any circumstances.
Similarly, no cancellation is permitted on the plans you buy.
You will have to consume the sessions within the validity duration and any request regarding cancellation or refund will not be entertained.
Non Transferability
The sessions you buy through any package on EngVarta app are for the specific individual and cannot be transferred to any other individual or individuals.
Conduct
You may only access the site, app and use the Company Content and the Services for lawful purposes. You are solely responsible for the knowledge of and adherence to any and all laws, rules, and regulations pertaining to your use of the Services. You agree that you will not in any way:
(i) interfere with the ability of others to access or use the Services;
(ii) disrupt the normal flow of communication or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users’ ability to use the site app or the Services;
(iii) claim a relationship with or to speak for any individual, business, association, institution, or other organization for which you are not authorized to claim such a relationship; or
(iv) interfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies, or regulations of networks connected to the Services.
You agree that you will treat the trainers with respect and not use obscenities during the sessions, make threats, or discuss matters other than those directly related to spoken English communication exercise which the trainer is conducting. You agree that you will not solicit any personal information from any tutor, and agree that if any tutor ever discloses such information to you, asks you for any personal information, or suggests any offline meeting or conversation, you agree to immediately report this to us by phone and in writing.
You agree that any misbehavior or disrespectful conduct, threats, obscenities or unprofessional behavior will make you liable for immediate termination of your subscription including but not limited to stoppage of all your sessions at the sole discretion of EngVarta.com management.
Electronic Communication
By using the EngVarta service, you consent to receiving electronic communications from EngVarta. These communications will include notices about your account (e.g., receiving e-mails and other transactional information) and information concerning or related to our services, such as featured content or other announcements, or offerings. These communications are part of your relationship with EngVarta and you receive them as part of the EngVarta subscription. You agree that any notice, agreements, disclosure or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.
Limitations of use
You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the EngVarta service. While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service, they may do so only with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian. Unless otherwise specified, the content on the EngVarta website or app is for your personal and non-commercial use and we grant you a limited license to access the EngVarta website or app for that purpose. You may not download (other than through page caching necessary for personal use), modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale any information contained on, or obtained from, the EngVarta website or app without our express written consent. EngVarta does not promote, foster or condone the copying of copyrighted material or any other infringing activity. Any unauthorized use of the EngVarta website or app or its contents will terminate the limited license granted by us.
Right to terminate
We reserve the right to terminate or restrict your use of our service, without notice, for any or no reason whatsoever.
Disclaimer of warranties, limitations
The company content, the site, the services and each portion thereof are provided “as is” without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent possible pursuant to applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, with respect to the site, the company content, the services and each portion thereof, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or other violation of rights. We do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use, validity, accuracy, or reliability of, or the results of the use of, or otherwise respecting, the company content, the site, the services, each portion thereof or any third party sites.
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall we or third parties be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the company content, the site, the services or any portion thereof, even if we or our authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of the site, the company content, the services or any portion thereof results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or date, you assume any costs thereof. Neither we nor third parties warrant the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained in the company content, the site, the services or any portion thereof or in any reports of verification services. You agree not to hold us (or our agents, employees or trainers) liable for any instruction, advice or services delivered which originated through the site, through our trainers, any verification service or in connection with the company content, the services or any portion thereof.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless us, and our affiliates, officers, directors, agents, partners, employees, licensors, representatives and third party providers (including our affiliates’ respective officers, directors, agents, partners, employees, licensors, representatives, and third party providers), from and against all losses, expenses, damages, costs, claims and demands, including reasonable attorney’s fees and related costs and expenses, due to or arising out of any User Content you submit, post to, email, or otherwise transmit to us or through the Services, your use of the Services, the Company Content or any portion thereof, your connection to the Services, or your breach of these Terms. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to fully cooperate with such defense and in asserting any available defenses.
Modifications to the service
We may add, change or eliminate features, pricing, nomenclature and other aspects of the Services and make other changes at any time and these Terms will continue to apply to the Services as modified. We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the site or the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the site or the Services.
General
The Terms and Conditions set out here constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. All rights not expressly granted herein are expressly reserved. These Terms shall inure to our benefit and to the benefit of our agents, licensors, licensees, successors, and assigns. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining Terms and Conditions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of India applicable to contracts executed and performed entirely therein, and the courts in Lucknow shall have exclusive jurisdiction. Any notice or other communication to be given hereunder will be in writing and given by facsimile, postpaid registered or certified mail return receipt requested, or electronic mail. Nothing in these Terms shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, or employment relationship between the parties nor shall either party have the right, power, or authority to create any obligation or duty, express implied, on behalf of the other.
Copyright © 2021 NGB EDUCATION PVT LTD
Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Proudly powered by WordPress