Terms & Conditions: Wi-fi Analyzer Application Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Friday 31 January 2020
Wi-fi Analyzer Application Privacy Policy
WiFi Analyzer: WiFi analyzer is an app to view your connected WiFi passwords , save WiFi code by scanning QR code , WiFi speed test and free open WiFi information.This app is according to google play policies and doesn't collect any sensitive data. This application mainly uses the following 
permissions to work on your android phone devices:
PERMISSIONS:
we use some permissions with user will these are:
CAMERA
LOCATION
STORAGE
WIFI
NETWORK
Monetization:
***For the advertisements we use GOOGLE ADMOB PUBLISHERS ADS that includes banners and interstitial, advance native.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
DISCLAIMER:
All of our source code as well as the graphics are uniquely made and 
programmed by our team. Our application is published according to the 
google play console policies. If there is any kind of violation
please contact us at the following email :  absoinventive@gmail.com.
Posted by
Account Privacy Policy
at
22:08
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
No comments:
Post a Comment
Newer Post
Older Post
Home
Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)
About Me
Account Privacy Policy
View my complete profile
Blog Archive
▼
2020
(12)
►
August
(4)
►
March
(1)
►
February
(4)
▼
January
(3)
zip extractor and compressor Privacy Policy
Wi-fi Analyzer Application Privacy Policy
Contacts Share Application Privacy Policy
Picture Window theme. Powered by
Blogger
.