Site Policy | AdrenalineCrew
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, elit eget consectetuer adipiscing aenean dolor
Home
Adrenaline Crew 4
Adrenaline Crew 4 on iTunes
Home
Adrenaline Crew 4
Adrenaline Crew 4 on iTunes
Home
Adrenaline Crew 4
Adrenaline Crew 4 on iTunes
Site Policy
Site Usage Policy
By using the Adrenaline Crew Web site YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS CONDITIONS OF USE (explained below), LEGAL NOTICES, PRIVACY POLICY and all disclaimers and terms and conditions that appear elsewhere on the Adrenaline Crew Web site. The policies of retail stores caring Adrenaline Crew products may differ substantially from those applicable to your use of the Adrenaline Crew Web site.
References to Adrenaline Crew herein additionally refer to their affiliates, subsidiaries and designees as deemed appropriate by Adrenaline Crew.
Adrenaline Crew reserves the right to make changes to its Legal Notices and Conditions of Use at any time. Each time you use the Adrenaline Crew Web site, you should visit and review the then current Legal Notices and Conditions of Use that apply to your use of this site and any transactions made while on the site. If you are dissatisfied with, its content or Legal Notices and Conditions of Use, you agree that your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Adrenaline Crew Web site.
Tampering with the site, misrepresenting the identity of a user, using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities on the site are prohibited.
Right to Download
You may only download Content displayed on the Adrenaline Crew Web site for non-commercial, personal use provided you also retain all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices contained in the material, do not modify or alter the material and do not copy or post the material on any network computer or broadcast the material in any media. It is strictly prohibited to modify, transmit, distribute, reuse, repost, “frame” or use the content of the Adrenaline Crew Web site including the text, images, audio and/or video for public or commercial purposes without written permission from an authorized representative of Adrenalin Crew. It is strictly prohibited to download the images of the products for sale within this site.
Proprietary Rights
All content included on or comprising the Adrenaline Crew Web site including information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds and other material (collectively “Content”) is protected by copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights, and these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or developed in the future. All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. and international copyright laws, and Adrenaline Crew owns, to the fullest extent allowed by such laws, the copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of all Content.
Except as expressly authorized or licensed, you may not copy, modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, lease or rental of, create derivative works from or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part.
One or more patents are pending that apply to this site.
The Adrenaline Crew logos and other trademarks on the site are the property of their respective owners and are owned by, licensed to, or, where required, used with permission by Adrenaline Crew and may not be reproduced, copied, or manipulated in any manner without the express, written approval of the trademark owner.
By using the Adrenaline Crew Web site, you agree that any information (except for purchase information), materials, suggestions, ideas or comments you send to Adrenaline Crew or any other third party using the Adrenaline Crew Web site is non-confidential. By submitting any solicited or unsolicited information using the Adrenaline Crew Web site, you grant Adrenaline Crew an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute such materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments for any purpose whatsoever to the extent permitted by law.
Applicable Law
The Adrenalin Crewe Web site is created, operated and controlled by Adrenaline Crew L.L.C., in Delaware, United States of America. The laws of Delaware will govern the Legal Notices and Conditions of Use without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of laws.
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
The Adrenaline Crew Web site contains links to other sites operated by third-parties, including but not limited to third-party sites that display the Adrenaline Crew trademarks (“Third-Party Site(s)”). These links are available for your convenience and are intended only to enable access to these Third-Party Sites and for no other purpose.
Adrenaline Crew does not warrant or make any representation about the substance, quality, functionality, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability or any other representation about any Third-Party Site or its content. A link to a Third-Party Site on the Adrenaline Crew Web site does not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, approval or responsibility for any Third-Party Site. Adrenaline Crew makes no representation or warranty as to any products or services offered on any Third-Party Site.
The conditions of use and privacy policy of any Third-Party Site may differ substantially from the Conditions of Use and Legal Notices that apply to your use of the Adrenaline Crew Web site. Please review the conditions of use for all Third-Party Sites for more information about the terms and conditions that apply to your use of Third-Party Sites.
Privacy
Please review the Adrenaline Crew Privacy Policy for information on the privacy practices of the Adrenalin Crew Web site.
Security
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and password.
The Adrenaline Crew Web site may only be used for lawful purposes. Activities including, but not limited to, tampering with the site, misrepresenting the identity of a user, using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities on the site are prohibited.
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Adrenaline Crew Web site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) using the web site for unintended purposes or trying to change the behavior of the site; (c) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (d) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including without limitation via means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mailbombing” or “crashing;”; (f) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability; or (g) forging communications on behalf of the Web site (impersonating the Adrenaline Crew Web site) or to the Web site (impersonating as a legitimate user). Sending unsolicited and unauthorized e-mail on behalf of Adrenaline Crew, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, is expressly prohibited. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine or data to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Adrenaline Crew Web site or any Activity being conducted on this site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, data or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Adrenaline Crew Web site other than the search engine and search agents provided by Adrenaline Crew or generally publicly available browsers.
Export
Certain software or other materials (“Software”) that you may download from the Adrenaline Crew Web site may be further subject to United States Export Controls. No Software from the Adrenaline Crew Web site may be downloaded or exported contrary to any applicable export law, including but not limited to any applicable prohibitions against download or export as follows: 1) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Syria or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or 2) anyone on the United States Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using Software downloaded from the Adrenaline Crew Web site, you agree to abide by the applicable laws, rules and regulations ? including, but not limited to the Export Administration Act and the Arms Export Control Act ? and you represent and warrant that you will not transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, this Software to a foreign national or a foreign destination in violation of the law.
Owner and Operator of The Adrenaline Crew Web site is Adrenaline Crew L.L.C.