App Privacy Policy - HFG and Ena Games Walkthrough
Login
Register
HFG and Ena Games Walkthrough
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
Games
Escape Games
Walkthrough
Games
Blog Posts
Users
App Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy details the information collected by Hidden Fun Games. (“Hidden Fun Games”, “we,” “us” or “our”) via our mobile applications and website, and our usage of this information.
We do not require you to provide any information to download or use our mobile applications, and we do not collect any information about you or your device, excepting
(i) non-personal information about how the App is used, and for how long, such as the screens viewed and actions are taken within the applications, for the specific purpose of improving our applications.
1.0. Support requests can be made via email
You may contact us via email in regards to any general or specific support inquiries. Any information provided in this request, including your email address, will only be used to provide support.
2.0. Information sharing disclosure
Any information received from you, such as your email address or support information, will not be shared with anyone, except for the following disclosures
(i) your email address is shared with our email service provider, for the purpose of sending the newsletter and other notifications
(ii) if required, we will share your email address or support request information to protect the security or integrity of our applications and website, in taking precautions against liability, and to comply with judicial or law-enforcement requests.
3.0. Cookie usage
We may send a cookie to your computer to uniquely identify your browser when you visit our website, to improve our service to you. Most browsers allow you to disable or delete cookies in their settings.
4.0. Third-party site links
Our website and Applications may contain links to third-party websites and services for which we claim no responsibility for the privacy practices or content therein. Our Applications can contain links to third-party websites (i.e. social networking websites) within the parent-only sections of the Applications.
5.0. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will only use your information in accordance with the Privacy Policy at the time the information was provided. If there is a change to the Privacy Policy and how your email address is to be used, you will be contacted prior to the change taking effect.
6.0. Contact
If you have any queries in regards to this Privacy Policy, please
contact us
Games
Blog Posts
Users
Blog Posts
Welcome to Escape Games
Links
Share
email
facebook
tumblr
twitter
reddit
google+
facebook app integration.
Contact Us
Members
Pages
Escape Gamez reserved all rights.