Privacy
Policy
Your
privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we developed this
Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use,
communicate, disclose and make use of personal information.
We
may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page
occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes.
By
using our website and videogames, you’re agreeing to be bound by
this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should
be sent by email to support@moonlightmouse.ru.
How we collect
	information
You
may make personal data available to IP Dmitri Isaenkov when you use
our videogames or visiting our websites, accessing to technical
support using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or
gaming services, subscribing to newsletters, purchasing a product (or
"in-app purchase) or services within the videogame; using "email
this page" or other similar features, otherwise through use of
IP Dmitri Isaenkov videogames where personal data is required for use
and/or participation.
Types
	of information that we collected
Among
the types of personal data that our websites and videogames collect,
by itself or through third parties, there are: cookies, IP-address
and usage data such as what stages you’ve played and when. If you
make a purchase, your card information is not held by us, it is
collected by the store, who specialise in the secure online capture
and processing of credit/debit card transactions.
Complete
details on each type of personal data collected are provided in the
dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation
texts displayed prior to the data collection.
The
personal data may be freely provided by the user, or, in case of
usage data, collected automatically when using our videogames.
All
data requested by our videogames is mandatory and failure to supply
this data may affect the services provided by our videogames. In
cases where our videogames specifically state that some data is not
mandatory, users are free to not communicate this data without any
consequences on the availability or the functioning of the videogame.
Users
who are uncertain about which personal data is mandatory are welcome
to contact us.
Any
use of cookies – or other tracking tools – by our videogames and
websites or by the owners of third-party services used serve the
purpose of delivering the service(s) required by the user, in
addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users
are responsible for any third-party personal data obtained, published
or shared through our videogames and websites and confirm that they
have the third party's consent to provide the data to the owner.
How we process
	the information
Methods of
processing
IP
Dmitri Isaenkov processes the information of users in a proper manner
and take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized
access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the
data.
The
processing of data is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled
tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related
to the purposes indicated. In addition to IP Dmitri Isaenkov, in some
cases, the data may be accessible to certain types of people in
charge, involved with the operation of the videogames
(administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or
external parties (such as third-party technical service providers,
mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications
agencies) appointed, if necessary, as data processors by the owner.
The updated list of these parties may be requested from the data
controller at any time.
Place
The
data is processed at IP Dmitri Isaenkov's operating offices and in
any other places where the parties involved with the processing are
located. For further information, please contact us
(support@moonlightmouse.ru).
Retention
time
The
data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested
by the user, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document. The
user can always request Dmitry to suspend or remove the data.
The
use of the collected data
The
data concerning the user is collected to allow IP Dmitri Isaenkov to
provide its services, as well as for the following purposes:
analytics, managing contacts and sending messages, remarketing and
behavioral targeting and user database management.
The
personal data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific
sections of this document.
Detailed
information on the processing of personal data
Personal
data is collected for the following purposes and using the following
services: The services contained in this section enable IP Dmitri
Isaenkov to monitor and analyze web, videogame traffic and can be
used to keep track of user behaviors.
Google
Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google
Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks
and reports website traffic. Personal data collected: Usage data,
cookies.
Place
of processing: US –
Privacy
Policy
Remarketing
and behavioral targeting
This
type of service allows us and its partners to inform, optimize and
serve advertising based on past use of our videogames by the user.
This
activity is performed by tracking usage data and by using cookies,
information that is transferred to the partners that manage the
remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
In
addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the
User may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by
visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Facebook
Custom Audience (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook
Custom Audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service
provided by Facebook, Inc. that connects the activity of this
Application with the Facebook advertising network.
Personal
Data collected: Cookies. Place of processing: US –
Privacy
Policy
-
Opt
Out
Managing
contacts and sending messages
This
type of services makes it possible to manage a database of email
contacts, or any other contact information to communicate with the
User.
These
services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the
message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted
with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
If
you sign up to our marketing communications, you will given the
opportunity to unsubscribe at any time.
Cookies, beacons
	and tracking
Our
websites may use "cookies" and other technologies such as
pixel tags, local shared objects, hardware-based device identifiers
and operating system-based identifiers. IP Dmitri Isaenkov treats
information collected by cookies and similar technologies as
non-personal data.
Cookies:
A "cookie" is a small file stored by your browser when told
to do so by a website. Typically websites place a number of different
cookies on an end-user’s machine. Some of the cookies are "1st
Party," from the website itself, and others are "3rd
party," belonging to advertising and analytics entities or
social networks. IP Dmitri Isaenkov’s cookies do not include
personal data and are typically used to quickly identify your device
and to "remember" your browser during subsequent visits for
purposes of functionality, preferences, and website performance. You
can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are
being sent to your device; however, disabling cookies may affect your
ability to use our services.
Web
Beacons and pixel tags: A "web beacon" or a "pixel
tag" is an electronic image (often not visible to the end-user)
that allows IP Dmitri Isaenkov to count users who have visited
certain pages or viewed certain advertisements. Additionally, e-mails
and other electronic communications IP Dmitri Isaenkov sends to you
may contain pixel tags that enable IP Dmitri Isaenkov to track your
usage of the communication, including whether the communication was
opened and/or what links were followed, if any.
Links to other
	websites
Our
website and videogames may contain links to other websites run by
other organizations. This privacy policy applies only to our website
and videogames‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements
on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the
privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them
using links from our website.
In
addition, if you linked to our website or videogames from a third
party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and
practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and
recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
Children’s
	information
We
are concerned about protecting the privacy of children aged 16 or
under, if we learns that personal data of users of 16 or under has
been collected, other than for support of the videogame, we will
remove such information. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get
your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide us
with personal information.
Transferring
	your information outside of Europe
As
part of the services offered to you through our website and
videogames, the information which you provide to us may be
transferred to countries outside the European Union ("EU").
To exemplify: this may happen if any of our servers are, from time to
time, located in a country outside the EU. These countries may not
have similar data protection laws as the EU. By submitting your
personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or
processing. If we transfer your information outside the EU in this
way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures
are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue
to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
If
you use our videogames or websites while you are outside the EU, your
information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you
with those services.
Information
	Collected By One Signal
When
permitted by the operating system, OneSignal may check to see if the
device has specific applications installed, based on a limited list,
for purposes that include attribution, relevancy of ads, and
relevancy of notifications related to those applications.
Purchases
		made within an app.
Information
		about End User’s transactions and interactions with apps and
		websites
Mobile
		advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Android Advertising
		IDs (“Mobile IDs”). These Mobile IDs may be associated with
		other Information, including with Data Segments.
Precise
		Location information, generally an End User’s lat/long data
		(i.e., GPS-level data) or WiFi information, which we may associate
		with Mobile IDs, and which may be collected whether or not an app
		is in use.
Email
		address, which we may (in our discretion) hash or otherwise
		deidentify.
IP
		address as well as system configuration information
Information
		associated with or related to devices, such as device type (e.g.,
		mobile, tablet); type and version of operating system (e.g.,
		Android, iOS); network provider; mobile browser (e.g. Safari,
		Chrome, etc.); language setting; time zone; and network status type
		(such as WiFi).
Review of this
	Policy
We
keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated
in February 2019.