Top100
Last games
Clans
Profile
Tutorials
Download
Chat
“PRIVACY POLICY”
Last updated: June 20, 2022
Thank you for playing the games and game services developed and published by Digital Garbage (DG)! In this Privacy Policy "You" and "Your" refer to you, the person visiting or playing our Games. "We", "Us" and "Our" refer to the staff, sites, and other resources of DG.

We believe in protecting Your privacy. Please read the following Privacy Policy to understand how We use and protect the information that You provide to Us.
1. Contacting DG
Digital Garbage. If You want to know what information We hold about You or if You have any other queries in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact Us in writing.
Our contact information is below:
Postal Address:
Russia, Lipetsk.
398046, Stakhanova 4. 52
Email:
webmaster@redsungame.ru
2. Information That We Collect From You
2.1 Information of username (nickname), id number.
3. Use Of Your Information
3.1 We may use Your information for the following purposes:
• identify the user in multiplayer;
4. Disclosure Of Your Information
4.1 Other than as expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise required or permitted by law, We will not share, sell or distribute any of the information You provide to Us.
5. Cookies
The Game not use cookies.
6. Third Party Sites and Contributors
6.1 Advertisements contained on Our Games operate as links to that advertiser’s websites and as such any information they collect by virtue of Your clicking on that link will be collected and used in accordance with the privacy policy of that advertiser.
7. ADVERTISING
7.1  We want to provide you with more detail about how we use information for advertising, both in our properties and in third-party properties.
When you view ads in DG properties(e.g. in our games)
7.2 To enable us to show in-game ads, we may send your advertising ID and IP address to advertisers (or ad networks) to enable them to find appropriate ads to serve to you in our Games and on third-party properties. You can control and limit our use of your advertising ID in your device settings. DG does not control which specific ads are shown in our games (this is controlled by ad networks), but we do prohibit certain types of ads.
7.3. Advertising IDs are used by ad networks for a number of purposes (please refer to the Privacy Notices of our advertising partners listed herein as "Third Party Sites and Contributors") including, for example, to:
(a) limit the number of times you see the same ad
(b) ensure they are dealing with humans with real devices and not automated “bots”
(c) to serve you with advertisements likely to be relevant to you based on your advertising ID, your engagement with other brands and ads which is recorded using your advertising ID, and to use your general geographic area.
(d) Other brands buy ad placements via an ad network or ad exchange to advertise their products in DG. The ad network or ad exchange acts as intermediary between the other game companies and DG. In order for an ad network to charge the company purchasing the ad, clicks from the ad and potential installs of other developers’ apps are tracked. Views, clicks and installs from ads are measured using the Advertising ID.
(e) Ad networks track which games you have used to market you similar kind of games.
7.4 We may also automatically record your Advertising ID for advertising or analytics purposes. These IDs do not reveal any specified information about the user. Though, if you want to reset your Advertising ID, you can follow these instructions:
•	for Android devices:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
•	for iOS devices:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
8. Security And Data Retention
We employ reasonable security measures to protect Your information from access by unauthorized persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain Your information for the duration of Your membership of the Games and/or whilst you continue to have access to the Games and for a reasonable period thereafter or as long as the law requires or permits.
9. Data Access and Corrections
9.1 You are entitled to see the information We hold about You and You may ask Us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If You wish to do this, please contact Us in writing using the information provided above. We may charge a small fee to meet Our costs in providing You with details of the information We hold about You.
9.2 You can delete information about yourself at any time using the profile settings. After deleting your profile, we will not be able to recover information about you impossible.
9.3 You may also withdraw Your consent for Us to process Your data at any time by notifying Us in writing, but if You withdraw Your consent to certain types of processing described above We may be unable to maintain Your membership of the Games and you may no longer be able to access the Games.
10. Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to Our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such changes to Our privacy policy will be posted here.