Acceptance of Terms
Acceptance of Terms
The Terms of Service ("Terms") you are reading are a legal agreement  between Heyshell. ("Heyshell") and yourself ("you"). By  accessing or using any Heyshell application or game ("Service") you agree  that you have read, understood, accept and agree to be bound by these Terms. If  you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Service. Heyshell reserves the  right, in its sole discretion, to revise or modify these Terms at any time, and  you agree to be bound by such revisions or modifications. Users are responsible  for viewing these Terms periodically. Your continued use of the Service after a  change or modification of these Terms has been made will constitute your  acceptance of the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the Terms your only  remedy is to discontinue your use of the Service and to cancel any accounts you  have created using the Service. If you violate the Terms, Heyshell reserves the  right to issue you a warning regarding the violation or immediately terminate  or suspend any or all accounts you have created using the Service. You agree  that Heyshell need not provide you notice before terminating or suspending your  account(s), but it may provide such notice in its sole discretion. You agree  that Heyshell may change any part of the Service, including its content, at any  time or discontinue the Service or any part thereof, for any reason, without  notice to you and without liability. The Service is intended for use by those  21 or older for amusement purposes only. You declare that you are 13 years old  or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you declare that your legal  guardian has reviewed and agrees to these Terms.
Account information
During the process of creating an account to access the Service (”Account”),  you may be required to select a password or to allow us to access your account  information from a social network service (“Login Information”). The following  rules govern the security of your Account and Login Information. For the  purposes of these Terms, references to Account and Login Information shall  include any account and account information, including user names, passwords or  security questions, whether or not created for the purpose of using the  Service, that are used to access the Service (for example, account information  for a social network service account from which the Service is accessed): You  shall not share your Account or Login Information, nor let anyone else access  your Account or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your  Account. Heyshell will not ask you to reveal your password and will not  initiate contact with you asking for answers to your password security  questions; In the event you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of  security, including, without limitation any loss, theft, or unauthorized  disclosure of your Login Information or unauthorized access to your Account,  you must immediately notify Heyshell and modify your Login Information; You are  solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Login  Information, and you will be responsible for all uses of your Login  Information, including purchases, whether or not authorized by you; You are  responsible for anything that happens through your Account, whether or not such  actions were taken by you. You therefore acknowledge that your Account may be  terminated if someone else uses it to engage in any activity that violates the  Terms of Service or is otherwise improper or illegal. You undertake to monitor  your Account to restrict use by minors, and you will deny access to children  under the age of 13. You accept full responsibility for any unauthorized use of  the Service by minors and you acknowledge that you are responsible for any use  of your credit card or other payment instrument (for example, paypal) by  minors. Heyshell reserves the right to remove or reclaim any usernames at any  time and for any reason, including but not limited to claims by a third party  that a username violates the third party’s rights. You understand that your  user ID number, name and profile picture will be publicly available and that  search engines may index your name and profile photo Any personal information  you provide to us when creating or updating your account, which may include  your name, birth date, e-mail address, and, in some cases, payment information,  will be held and used in accordance with Heyshell’s Privacy Policy. You agree  that you will supply accurate and complete information to us, and that you will  update that information promptly after it changes.
License
Subject to your agreement and compliance with these Terms, Heyshell grants you  a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable,  limited scope license to use the Service. Use of the Service shall be solely  for your own, private, non-commercial entertainment purposes and for no other  purpose whatsoever. You hereby acknowledge that your license to use the Service  is limited by these Terms, and, if you violate or if, at any point, you do not  agree to any of these Terms, your license to use the Service shall immediately  terminate, and you shall immediately refrain from using the Service. If the  Service or any part thereof is determined to be illegal under the laws of the  country in which you are situated, you shall not be granted any license to use  the Service, and must refrain from using the Service.
Account Termination
Heyshell may refuse access to the Service or may terminate your account without  notice for any reason, including, but not limited to, a suspected violation of  these Terms, illegal or improper use of your account, or illegal or improper  use of the Services, User Content (as defined below), products, or Heyshell’s  intellectual property as determined by Heyshell in its sole discretion. You may  lose your user name and persona, if applicable, as a result of account  termination, without responsibility on the part of Heyshell for any damage that  may result from the foregoing. If you have more than one account, Heyshell may  terminate all of your accounts. In addition to the foregoing, Heyshell may  selectively remove, revoke or garnishee Benefits associated with your account.  "Benefits" mean licensed rights granted, awarded, gifted, provided to  and/or purchased by you to access and/or use online or off-line elements or  features of the Service and/or products, and include but are not limited to  paid and free downloadable content, virtual currency, digital and/or virtual  assets, unlockable content, rights of use tied to unlock keys or codes, serial  codes and/or online authentication of any kind, and in-game achievements. If  your account, or a particular subscription for the Service associated with your  account, is terminated, suspended and/or if any Benefits are selectively  removed, revoked or garnisheed from your account, no refund will be granted, no  Benefits will be credited to you or converted to cash or other forms of  reimbursement, and you will have no further access to your account or Benefits  associated with your account or the particular Service. You acknowledge that Heyshell  is not required to provide you notice before suspending or terminating your  account or selectively removing, revoking or garnisheeing Benefits associated  with your account. In the event that Heyshell terminates your account, you may  not participate in any of the Services again without Heyshell’s express  permission. Heyshell reserves the right to refuse to keep accounts for, and  provide access to the Service or other services to, any individual. You may not  allow individuals whose accounts have been terminated by us to use your  account. If you believe that any action has been taken against your account in  error, please contact us.
Refund Policy
Heyshell's Purchase Policy. Though Points that you purchase with "real  world" money, you may redeem "virtual currency", including but  not limited to virtual coins, cash, tokens, or points, all for use in Heyshell's  games; "virtual in-game items" (together with "virtual currency",  "Virtual Items"); and other goods or services  ("Merchandise"). ALL REDEMPTION OF VIRTUAL CURRENCY, VIRTUAL IN-GAME  ITEMS, OR VIRTUAL ITEMS THROUGH HEYSHELL POINTS ARE NON-REFUNDABLE. You can  order Virtual Items by visiting the purchase page in one of our games,  providing your billing information, confirming the particulars of your purchase  and re-affirming your agreement to these Terms. When you place an order to  purchase Virtual Items from our Service, we may send you a confirmatory e-mail  that will contain details of the items you have ordered. Please check that the  details in the confirmatory e-mail are correct as soon as possible and maintain  a copy of it for your records. Heyshell keeps records of transactions in order  to deal with any subsequent queries. When you purchase Heyshell Points from any  officially appointed payment channels by Heyshell, you are agreeing to their  respective purchase policy and Heyshell Sdn. Bhd. is not a party to the  transaction. The provision of Virtual Items for use in Heyshell games is a  service provided by Heyshell that commences immediately upon acceptance by Heyshell  of your purchase. By ordering Virtual Items you agree and accept that Heyshell  will provide them to you immediately following completion of your purchase. Heyshell's  Promotion Policy. Heyshell Sdn. Bhd. from time to time may create special  promotions to reward to only one unique person that maintains only one Heyshell  account. It is a violation of our Terms of Service to create multiple Heyshell  accounts coming from one same person that take advantages of Heyshell's various  promotional activities. Such activity can be easily detected and Heyshell Sdn.  Bhd. shall disable your Heyshell account and others that is associated with it.
User Content
You agree that any content published by you through the Service is done so  through the use of technology and tools provided by Heyshell. You agree that  you are publishing such content willingly and you represent that you own such  content, that you have all rights to publish said content and that your  publishing of the content complies with all applicable laws. You understand and  agree that you may not distribute, sell, transfer or license this content  and/or application in any manner, in any country, or on any social network, or  other medium without the explicit prior written permission of Heyshell. You  grant Heyshell the right to act as an agent on your behalf as the Service’s  operator. Any data, text, graphics, photographs, or any other content, and  their selection and arrangement, uploaded to the Service by any user  ("User Content") are subject, whether in whole or in part, to  unlimited worldwide commercial, non-commercial and/or promotional use by Heyshell.  Any text, graphics, photographs, files or other User Content uploaded by you  shall be your sole responsibility and you hereby agree that you may be held  liable for any User Content that you upload. Heyshell shall not bear any  responsibility for any of the abovementioned content. Heyshell may or may not  regulate User Content and provides no representations or guarantees regarding  the accuracy, quality, or integrity of any User Content posted via the Service.  By using the Service you acknowledge and accept that you may be exposed to  material you find offensive or objectionable. You agree that Heyshell will not  under any circumstances be responsible or liable for any User Content,  including, but not limited to, errors in any User Content or any loss or damage  incurred by use of the User Content or for any failure to or delay in removing  User Content. Heyshell reserves the right (but shall at no time be obligated)  to, in its sole discretion, remove, block, edit, move, disable or permanently  delete User Content from the Service with or without notice for any reason whatsoever.  You hereby agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Heyshell  shall at no time be responsible or held liable for the removal, modification or  blocking of material or User Content that may be considered offensive and shall  at no time be obligated to effect such removal other than under applicable law.
Communication Channels
The Service may provide communication channels such as forums, communities, or  chat areas ("Communication Channels") designed to enable you to  communicate with other Service users. Heyshell is under no obligation to  monitor these communication channels but may do so, and reserves the right to  review materials posted to the Communication Channels and to remove any  materials, at any time, with or without notice for any reason, at its sole  discretion. Heyshell may also terminate or suspend your access to any  Communication Channels at any time, without notice, for any reason. You  acknowledge that chats, postings, or materials posted by users on the  Communication Channels are neither endorsed nor controlled by Heyshell, and  these communications should not be considered reviewed or approved by Heyshell.  You will be solely responsible for your activities within the Communication  Channels and under no circumstances will Heyshell be liable for any activity  within the Communication Channels. You agree that all your communications  within the Communication Channels are public, and you have no expectation of  privacy regarding your use of the Communication Channels. Heyshell is not  responsible for information that you choose to share on the Communication  Channels, or for the actions of other users.
Virtual Currencies and Goods
The Service may include an opportunity to purchase virtual, in-game currency  ("Points") that may require you to pay a fee using real money to  obtain the Points. Points can never be redeemed for real money, goods, or any  other item of monetary value from Heyshell or any other party. You understand  that you have no right or title in the virtual in-game items, pins or points or  Points. Your purchase of Points is final and is not refundable, transferable or  exchangeable, except in Heyshell's sole discretion. You may not purchase, sell,  or exchange Points outside the Service. Doing so is a violation of the Terms  and may result in termination of your Service account and/or legal action taken  against you. Heyshell retains the right to manage, control, modify and/or  eliminate Points or any other form of virtual currency at its sole discretion.  Prices and availability of Points are subject to change without notice. Points  may only be held by legal residents of countries where access to and use of the  Services are permitted. Points may only be purchased or acquired from us and  through means we provide on the applicable website or otherwise expressly  authorize. We reserve the right to refuse your request to purchase and/or  acquire Points for any reason. When you purchase Points, they will reside in  your account ("Game Account") until discharged through use of the Service.  When purchasing Points or other content as may be made available, you agree to  pay us the applicable charges for your purchase, including applicable taxes,  using a valid charge card or other payment method we may accept in accordance  with the billing terms and prices in effect at the time the fee or charge  becomes payable. All sales of Points and/or other content are final. If your  Game Account is charged for items you did not purchase, or you did not receive  the items you purchased, or you were charged an incorrect amount, you may  request a refund or correction in accordance to payment provider policy. Any  refund request must be received within 96 hours from the time of purchase in  order for refunds to be issued in accordance to payment provider policy. Refund  requests past 96 hours from time of purchase will be honored according only in  accordance to payment provider policy. Other than charges to your Game Account,  you agree to notify us about any billing problems or discrepancies within 30  days after they first appear on your account statement. If you do not bring  them to our attention within 90 days, you agree that you waive your right to  dispute such problems or discrepancies. You are responsible for and agree to  reimburse us for all reversals, charge-backs, claims, fees, fines, penalties  and other liability incurred by us (including costs and related expenses) that  were caused by or arising out of payments that you authorized or accepted. You  understand that we may suspend or terminate your user account or Game Account  if for any reason a charge you authorize us to make to your credit card or  other method of payment cannot be processed or is returned to us unpaid and, if  such event occurs, you shall immediately remit to us payment for such charge through  an alternative payment method.
Rules of Conduct and Usage
You represent and warrant that you have full right and authority to use the  Services and to be bound by these Terms. You agree that you will comply fully  with all applicable laws, regulations, statutes, ordinances, and the Terms  herein. You undertake that you shall not defraud, or attempt to defraud, Heyshell  or other users, and that you shall not act in bad faith in your use of the  Service. If Heyshell determines that you do act in bad faith in violation of  these Terms, or if Heyshell determines that your actions fall outside of  reasonable community standards, Heyshell may, at its sole discretion, terminate  your account and prohibit you from using the Service. You agree that your use  of the Service shall be lawful and that you will comply with the usage rules.  In furtherance of the foregoing, and as an example and not as a limitation, you  agree that you shall not: Create an account with or access the Service if you  are under the age of 13; Upload, post, transmit or otherwise disseminate  material that is vulgar, indecent, obscene, pornographic, sexual or that is, in  a reasonable person's view, otherwise offensive or objectionable; Libel,  ridicule, defame, mock, stalk, intimidate, threaten, harass, or abuse anyone,  hatefully, racially, ethnically or in any other manner; Upload or transmit (or  attempt to upload or transmit) files that contain viruses, Trojan horses,  worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or data, or any other similar  software or programs that may damage the operation of the Service or the  computers of other users of the Service; Advertise, solicit or transmit any  commercial advertisements, including chain letters, junk e-mail or repetitive  messages (spim or spam) to anyone; Violate the contractual, personal,  intellectual property or other rights of any party including by using,  uploading, transmitting, distributing, or otherwise making available any  information or material made available through the Service in any manner that  infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other right of any  party (including rights of privacy or publicity); Create false personas,  multiple identities, multiple user accounts, set up an account on behalf of  someone other than yourself, use bots or other automated software programs to  defraud or which otherwise violate these Terms of Service and/or the terms of  service of any third-party applications or social networks through which the  Service is accessed; Attempt to obtain passwords or other private information  from other members including personally identifiable information (whether in  text, image or video form), identification documents, or financial information;  Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit), without Heyshell’s  express permission, any material that acts as a passive or active information  collection or transmission mechanism, including, without limitation, clear  graphics interchange formats ("gifs"), 1x1 pixels, web bugs, cookies  or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as "spyware,"  "passive collection mechanisms" or "pcms"); Improperly use  support channels or complaint buttons to make false reports to Heyshell;  Develop, distribute, use, or publicly inform other members of "auto"  software programs, "macro" software programs or other "cheat  utility" software programs or applications; Exploit, distribute or  publicly inform other members of any game error, miscue or bug which gives an  unintended advantage; Deal with Points in a manner that violates these Terms,  including transferring Points to other individuals, parties, or entities,  selling or re-selling Virtual Currency or virtual goods or fraudulently  obtaining or acquiring Virtual Currency or other products or services; Rent,  lease, sell, trade, gift, bequeath or otherwise transfer your account to anyone  without Heyshell’s written permission; Access or use an account which has been  rented, leased, sold, traded, gifted, bequeathed, or otherwise transferred from  the account creator without Heyshell’s written permission; Engage in any  fraudulent activity with respect to payment methods or advertiser tracking  mechanisms; Violate any applicable laws or regulations, or encourage or promote  any illegal activity including, but not limited to, copyright infringement,  trademark infringement, defamation, invasion of privacy, identity theft,  hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software, or cheats or hacks  for the Service; Attempt to use the Service on or through any service that is  not authorized by Heyshell. Any such use is at your own risk and may subject  you to additional or different terms. Heyshell takes no responsibility for your  use of the Service through any service that is not authorized by it; Post or  communicate any person's real-world personal information using the Service;  Attempt to interfere with, hack into or decipher any transmissions to or from  the servers for the Service; or Interfere with the ability of others to enjoy  using the Service, including disrupt, overburden or aid the disruption or  overburdening of the Service servers, or take actions that interfere with or  materially increase the cost to provide the Service for the enjoyment of all  its users.
Intellectual Property (IP) Ownership
Heyshell retains all rights in the Service materials (including, but not  limited to, applications, software, designs, graphics, texts, information,  pictures, video, sound, music, and other files, and their selection and  arrangement) (collectively, “Service Materials”). The entire contents of the Service  are protected by applicable copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws,  international conventions, and other laws protecting intellectual property and  related proprietary rights. You shall not, nor shall you cause any other party  to modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, copy, transfer, create  derivative works from, rent, sub-license, distribute, reproduce framed,  republish, scrape, download, display, transmit, post, lease or sell in any form  or by any means, in whole or in part, use for any purpose other than for using  the Service pursuant to these Terms or otherwise exploit any of the Service  Materials without Heyshell's explicit, prior written permission. The foregoing  shall not apply to your own User Content that you post through the Service in  accordance with these Terms. All other uses of copyrighted or trade mark  material, including any derivative use, require explicit, prior written  permission from Heyshell. Any reproduction or redistribution of materials not  in accordance with these Terms is explicitly prohibited and may result in the  termination of your Service account as well as severe civil and criminal  penalties. Heyshell and/or its licensors and affiliates own all right, title,  and interest, including copyrights and other intellectual property rights, in  and to all the Service Materials. You hereby acknowledge that you do not  acquire any ownership rights by using the Service or by accessing any of the  Service Materials, or rights to any derivative works thereof.
Disclaimer of Warranty; Limitation of Liability
You agree that your use of the Service shall be at your sole risk. To the  fullest extent permitted by law, Heyshell, its officers, directors, employees,  and agents disclaim all warranties, explicit or implied, in connection with the  Service and your use thereof including implied warranties of merchantability,  title, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement, usefulness,  authority, accuracy, completeness, and timeliness. Heyshell makes no warranties  or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the content of the  Service of the content of any sites linked to the Service and assume no  liability or responsibility for any: (i) Errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of  content; (ii) Personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever,  resulting from your access to and use of the Service; (iii) Any unauthorized  access to or use of Heyshell’s secure servers and/or any and all personal  information and/or financial information stored therein; (iv) Any interruption  or cessation of transmission to or from the Service; (v) Any bugs, viruses,  Trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through the Service  by any third party; or (vi) Any errors or omissions in any content or for any  loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content  posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service. In  no event will Heyshell, its directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners  and employees, be liable to you or any third person for any special, direct,  indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever  including any lost profits or lost data arising from your use of the Service or  other materials on, accessed through or downloaded from the Service, whether  based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or  not Heyshell has been advised of the possibility of these damages. The  foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted  by law in the applicable jurisdiction. You specifically acknowledge that Heyshell  shall not be liable for user submissions or defamatory, offensive, or illegal  conduct by any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the  foregoing rests entirely with you. You agree to indemnify and hold Heyshell,  and each of its directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and  employees, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand,  damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out  of or in connection with (i) Your use of and access to the Service; (ii) Your  violation of any term of these Terms; (iii) Your violation of any third party  right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right;  (iv) Any claim that a user submissions made by you has caused damage to a third  party; or (v) Any User Content you post or share on or through the Service.
General
By using or visiting the Service, you agree that the laws of the State of  Israel, without regard to principles of conflict of laws and regardless of your  location, will govern these Terms and any dispute of any sort that might arise  between you and Heyshell. Any claim or dispute between you and Heyshell that  arises in whole or in part from your use of the Service shall be decided  exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Tel Aviv - Jaffa,  and you hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal  jurisdiction and forum non convenient with respect to venue and jurisdiction in  the courts of Tel Aviv - Jaffa. Heyshell reserves the right to amend these  Terms of Service at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility  to review these Terms of Service for any changes. Your use of the Service  following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your assent to  and acceptance of its revised terms. YOU AND HEYSHELL AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF  ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1)  YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS  PERMANENTLY BARRED.