UnderAIR Privacy Policy
Last update: 11.09.2019
UnderAIR built the City 2048, Dots Tails, Quadtris, Placid Place and Get aCC_e55 app’s as an Ad Supported app. This app is provided by at no cost and is intended for use as is:
This privacy policy is used to inform you regarding policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use this Service.
1. Overview
In addition, we may use third party services that collect, monitor and analyse data. Here is the list of third party services we might use.
Our third party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
Google Play Services
Apple Game Center
Unity (Unity Analitycs, Unity IAP PURCHASE)
We strongly recommends that you review the privacy policies and cookie usage of our third parties partners.
2. Sharing Your Information
The developer will share personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
Your personal information may be disclosed:
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
To any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
3. What information are collected and why
3.1 AdMob
AdMob, is Google’s mobile app advertising platform designed specifically for app developers. In order to understand Google’s use of Data, consult Google’s partner policy.
Personal Data:
Online identifiers, including cookie identifiers
IP addresses
Device identifiers
Client identifiers
Unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example)
Usage Data.
Retention: 
Google anonymizes the log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months)
Online resources:
Privacy Policy
Opt out
Service Information
Partner policy
Ad technology providers
3.2 Google Play Services
Google Play Services offers APIs and security services to the Android developer ecosystem. Google acts as a data controller for any personal data processed in Google Play Services,and offers user notices and consents about the use of personal data in the service’s userinterface in Android.
Collected informations:
Device information
Log information
Location information
Unique application numbers
Local storage
Cookies and similar technologies
Google use the collected information to provide, maintain, protect and improve Google’s services, to develop new ones, and to protect Google and the users. Google also use this information to offer you tailored content — like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
Online resources:
Google Terms of Service
Google Privacy Policy
3.3 Apple Game Center
Apple Game Center also offers APIs and security services to the Android developer ecosystem. Apple acts as a data controller for any personal data processed in Apple Game Center,and offers user notices and consents about the use of personal data in the service’s userinterface in iOS.
Collected informations:
Device information
Log information
Location information
Unique application numbers
Local storage
Cookies and similar technologies
Apple use the collected information to provide, maintain, protect and improve Apple’s services, to develop new ones, and to protect Apple and the users. Apple also use this information to offer you tailored content — like giving you more relevant search results and ads.
Online resources:
Apple Terms and Conditions
Apple Privacy Policy
4. Security
I am striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting your Personal Information. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
5. Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
6. Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
7. Distribution
The only official channel for distribution of this app are:
Google Play Store
Apple App Store
Any other mode of distribution is not official and thus, is not maintained by the developer. This privacy policy is effective to distribution made on official channel only.
8. Your Consent
Your personal data is processed under the consent given by You (article 6.1 (a) of GDPR). We ask You for providing Us with the consent before processing Your personal data.
9. Changes to This Privacy Policy
This policy may be updated from time to time.
Contact us:
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, you can write to us by
email