AVIX - Privacy Policy
Toggle navigation
Menu
We DO
We DID
Team
Contact Us
AVIX PRIVACY POLICY
Avix  is committed to protect and respect your privacy. This Policy has been developed to inform you about the ways we collect, process, use, and manage the information you provide in connection with any game or application or any other digital products or services produced/provided by Avix.
What information do we collect?
> Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is defined in the US Privacy Act (1974) to include information or opinion about such things as an individual's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.
Avix will not attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information or personal data.
> Collection of other Non-Personal Information
Though Avix itself does not use cookies in order to track your movement around the web, our websites and apps may contain APIs from third parties.
What do we use your information for?
To improve our apps, websites and services We may use the collected data for purposes of analyzing usage of our apps and to further develop our services and products. We reserve the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by us and/or our partners.
> Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.
> Children’s privacy
Because protecting the privacy of young children is especially important ,we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties at any time for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website and apps. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
This are the our third party partners, and their privacy policies:
Unity Analytics
Unity Ads
AdColony
AppLovin
Chartboost
Flurry
Fabric
Vungle
Google Play
Google Ads
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users, furnish current information, and respond to legal and technical changes. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be available
HERE
This policy was last modified on
14/10/2020
Reach us on the world wide web!
Also, you can use this contact form
Send
Copyright © AVIX 2023