iceblue software
iceblue software
HOME
APPS
PREVIEW
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
iceblue software privacy policy
iceblue software built the Cube Solver, Super Cube, Build Tower and Stress Cubes apps as
                            supported app. This applications are provided by iceblue software with no cost. This page is
                            used to inform application visitors regarding our policies. We will not use or share your
                            information with anyone except as described this privacy policy. The terms used in this
                            privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions which is accessible at
                            Cube Solver, Super Cube, Build Tower and Stress Cubes apps unless otherwise defined in this
                            privacy policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our application, We may require you to provide us with
                            certain personally identifiable information. The information that We request is retained on
                            your device and is not collected by us in any way the app does use third party services that
                            may collect information used to identify you.
                            Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play
                                Services
AdMob
Service Providers
We may work with third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
                            -To assist us in analyzing how our application is used.
                            We want to inform users of this application that these third parties have access to your
                            Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.
                            However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
Your trust in providing us your Personal Information is important for us, thus we are
                            striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
                            of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and
                            reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This application may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you
                            will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us.
                            Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no
                            control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of
                            any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this
                            page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new
                            privacy policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted
                            on this page. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of
                            this Site please contact us by sending an email to icebluesoftware@gmail.com.
iceblue software
Email: icebluesoftware@gmail.com
HOME
Home
Privacy Policy
©
2019 -
iceblue software