Penguin Apps | Android and iPhone Apps
Privacy Policy
Hello! This is our Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on September 13th, 2016.
Effective Date: June 30th, 2011
About Us
At Penguin Apps, our website (
https://www.penguinapps.com.au/
)
            is just for parents, while our apps are designed for the
            whole family, including young children with parent supervision. We take privacy seriously at Penguin Apps and this policy
            is designed to share what information we collect and how we use it.
Penguin Apps may change or update the Privacy Policy at any time as we add new or different features, or as the law changes.
            Unless another date is given, the changes are effective upon posting. Thus, you should review the Privacy Policy
            frequently. This Privacy Policy is also part of the Terms of Service that explain your rights and responsibilities
            and Penguin App's when using our services and sites. If you don't agree with this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service,
            you should not use the sites and services. If you have any questions please contact us at support@penguinapps.com.au.
Information we collect
We do not collect any information about you. We also do not collect any statistics about your use of this app.
Because we do not collect any infomration about you we therefore do not sell, or otherwise share your personal information
            or data with third parties.
We may disclose anything about this app in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our
            legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance (COPPA)
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We therefore will not distribute your personal
            information to outside parties without your consent.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from anyone, including those we actually know are under 13, and
            no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Links
We may include links to third parties from our website or services. Penguin Apps isn't
            responsible for these companies and including a link to them doesn't mean that Penguin Apps
            endorses them. So be sure to check their privacy policies if you decide to visit them. And
            remember, your use of Penguin App's sites and services may also be subject to the terms and
            conditions and privacy policies of other services that Penguin Apps doesn't control such as mobile application
            stores, mobile software platforms, online social media sites, or payment processors.
Data Retention
User data is retained as long as it is necessary to provide the service. Data is
            deleted from our records when it is no longer needed within a reasonable timeframe. You may
            request that your data be removed from our servers by contacting support@penguinapps.com.au.