f
Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 25,
2018
Joy
Journey Girls (¡°Joy Girl¡±, ¡°we¡±, ¡°our¡± or ¡°us¡±) respects the privacy rights of
our online visitors and mobile customers and recognizes the importance of
protecting the information collected about you. For our practices regarding
children, please see below.
About this privacy policy
This
Privacy Policy (the ¡°Privacy Policy¡±) applies to the collection, use and
disclosure of personal and non-personal information by Joy Journey Girls and
the mobile apps published by Joy Journey Girls (the ¡°Apps¡±). This Privacy
Policy does not apply to the collection, use or disclosure of personal and
non-personal information through any apps for which Joy Journey Girls is not
the publisher.
By
using the Apps, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do not
agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use any of our Apps.
We
reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please
check the Privacy Policy each time you use our Apps to ensure you are aware of
any changes in our privacy practices. Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date
it was last updated. Your continued use of our Apps will signify your
acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy. If there is a substantive or
material change in the way that we use your personal information, we will
notify you via email of the relevant changes or provide other prominent notice.
If you choose to opt-out of or not opt-in to our changed practice, our email
communication (if applicable) will contain instructions on how to do so. If
such change affects children users, we will first notify and obtain the prior
verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian.
1 How we protect the online privacy of children
under 13
Joy Journey Girls takes many
precautions to protect the online privacy of children. Whenever we refer to
“children” in this Privacy Policy, we mean children under the age of 13. Please
help us in protecting children’s privacy by instructing them to never provide
any personal information (full name, email address, home address, phone number,
etc.) without your permission.
Joy Journey Girls follows
the principles of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), a
U.S. law designed to protect the online privacy of children, in our online
services and Apps that are directed to children. If you would like to learn
more about COPPA, you can refer to the “Children’s Privacy” section of the
Federal Trade Commission’s website.
Currently, Joy Journey Girls
does not knowingly collect any personal information from children or within the
child-directed portions of our Apps except as otherwise outlined in this
Privacy Policy. If we were to collect and store personal information from
children, we would obtain the consent of a parent or legal guardian before such
collection, unless the collection of information falls within an exception that
is permitted under COPPA.
In our Apps directed to
children users, we collect information which includes persistent identifiers
such as a device identifier (“device ID”) or an Internet Protocol address (“IP
address”). This information is collected solely for the purpose of providing
functionality and support for our internal operations and optimizing our users’
game experience.
The Apps may contain
advertisements about Joy Journey Girls or third party products and services. In
any case, Joy Journey Girls does not permit behaviorally-targeted advertising
to children in the Apps or in the Apps where we have actual knowledge that the
user is under the age of 13.
If you believe that we may
have unintentionally collected your child’s personal information without your
prior consent, you may contact Joy Journey Girls
By email:
joy4girlgames@gmail.com
2 Information collected by
Joy Journey Girls
When you access or use the App, we do not automatically collect
any general information about you. If we collect any information from you, we
will ask for your permission.
The information we collect
from Apps is called non-personal information which doesn’t directly identify an
individual. Joy Journey Girls may collect non-personal information about your
use of the Platforms to help us improve our services or for other purposes as
described in this Privacy Policy.
Information
we collect from other sources
If
you log into the App using a third party site or platform such as Facebook,
Apple Game Center and Google Sign-In, we access information about you from that
site or platform, such as your screen name, profile information and friend
lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third
party site or platform provided that you have given the third party site in
question such consent.
If you log into the App
using a third party site or platform, you represent and warrant that (i) your
access and use of such features in connection with the App will comply with the
applicable terms and policies of such site or platform; and (ii) that you are
over the minimum age limit that is prescribed for such third party site or
platform by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions.