ï»¿
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect your personal data and why we do so
How we use your personal data
The choices you have about your personal data
This Privacy Policy applies to games, applications, websites and related services of DLB Immobilien AG, which we here collectively call the Service. We may update this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
Information we collect
Log data
When you use our Service, we and our third party service providers (including any third-party content, advertising, and analytics providers) may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. This data is considered “non-identifying information”, as it does not personally identify you on its own. It may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, your interaction with content or advertisements and other details.
We may also collect data about the device you are using to access our website. This data may include the device type, operating system, unique device identifiers, device settings, and geo-location data. What we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and software. We recommend checking the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider to learn what information they make available to us.
Personal information
You can visit the website without telling us who are you or giving us any information that can identify you personally. However, if you want to register to become a member of the website to comment and use other community features, we may ask for personal information, such as your:
Name
Email
Social media profiles
Payment information
This data is considered "identifying information", as it can personally identify you. We only request personal information relevant to providing you with a service, and only use it to help provide or improve this service.
How we collect information
We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we're collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without it.
Use of information
We may use a combination of identifying and non-identifying information to understand who our visitors are, how they use our services, and how we may improve their experience of our website in future. We do not disclose the specifics of this information publicly, but may share aggregated and anonymised versions of this information, for example, in website and customer usage trend reports.
Data processing and storage
The personal information we collect is stored and processed in the Netherlands and in Ireland, or where we or our partners, affiliates and third-party providers maintain facilities. We only transfer data within jurisdictions subject to data protection laws that reflect our commitment to protecting the privacy of our users.
We only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide a service, or to improve our services in future. While we retain this data, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee absolute data security.
Reporting a vulnerability
If you believe youâ€™ve discovered a security vulnerability within one of our products, we strongly encourage you disclose it to us as quickly as possible and in a responsible manner. Please fill out a vulnerability report form available
here
. All vulnerability report forms and accompanying documentation must
		be transmitted in a safe and secure manner. Please submit the completed form to:
developer.chess@gmail.com
DLB Immobilien AG
Address: Stationsstrasse 3, 8545 Rickenbach, Switzerland
Data deletion
You can ask for personal data deletion by contacting our support via in-app support form or by contacting us at:
developer.chess@gmail.com
DLB Immobilien AG
Address: Stationsstrasse 3, 8545 Rickenbach, Switzerland
Age limits
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Your rights and options
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android).
For mobile advertising in apps, you can reset your Advertising Identifier and depending on your device, select to opt out of interest-based ads (Android) or turn on the Limit Ad Tracking setting (iOS).
For display advertising on the Web, you can also adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking by means of cookies.
For personalized in-game offers and personalized ads opt-out, you can use the options provided in the Privacy Checkup section of your User Profile.
Access the personal data we hold about you.
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. If you request your personal information to be deleted, or where your personal information becomes no longer relevant to our operations, we will erase it from our system within a reasonable timeframe. You can also always withdraw your consent in your mobile device settings.
Cookies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your device when you visit, typically containing information about the website itself, a unique identifier that allows the site to recognise your web browser when you return, additional data that serves the purpose of the cookie, and the lifespan of the cookie itself.
Cookies are used to enable certain features (eg. logging in), to track site usage (eg. analytics), to store your user settings (eg. timezone, notification preferences), and to personalise your content (eg. advertising, language).
Cookies set by the website you are visiting are normally referred to as "first-party cookies", and typically only track your activity on that particular site. Cookies set by other sites and companies (ie. third parties) are called "third-party cookies", and can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service.
Types of cookies and how we use them
Essential cookies
Essential cookies are crucial to your experience of a website, enabling core features like user logins, account management, shopping carts and payment processing. We use essential cookies to enable certain functions on our website.
Performance cookies
Performance cookies are used in the tracking of how you use a website during your visit, without collecting personal information about you. Typically, this information is anonymous and aggregated with information tracked across all site users, to help companies understand visitor usage patterns, identify and diagnose problems or errors their users may encounter, and make better strategic decisions in improving their audience's overall website experience. These cookies may be set by the website you're visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. We use performance cookies on our site.
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies are used in collecting information about your device and any settings you may configure on the website you're visiting (like language and timezone settings). With this information, websites can provide you with customised, enhanced or optimised content and services. These cookies may be set by the website you're visiting (first-party) or by third-party service. We do not use this type of cookie on our site.
Targeting/advertising cookies
Targeting/advertising cookies are used in determining what promotional content is more relevant and appropriate to you and your interests. Websites may use them to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. This helps companies improve the effectiveness of their campaigns and the quality of content presented to you. These cookies may be set by the website you're visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. Targeting/advertising cookies set by third-parties may be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. We do not use this type of cookie on our site.
Third-party cookies on our site
We may employ third-party companies and individuals on our websites—for example, analytics providers and content partners. We grant these third parties access to selected information to perform specific tasks on our behalf. They may also set third-party cookies in order to deliver the services they are providing. Third-party cookies can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. As we have no control over third-party cookies, they are not covered by our cookie policy.
Our third-party services partners, that also use cookies. In the overview below you can find links to information on how the technology providers use your data.
Social networks
Youtube -
Privacy policy
Facebook -
Privacy policy
We may provide anonymous information to third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service
Google Analytics -
Privacy policy
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service. Depending on the ads that are served, your data may be shared with any of the ad technology provider listed below.
Tapjoy -
Privacy policy
Google AdSense, AdMob, DFP -
Privacy policy
Aarki -
Privacy policy
AppNexus -
Privacy policy
Beeswax -
Privacy policy
Criteo -
Privacy policy
Fractional Media -
Privacy policy
Kochava -
Privacy policy
Liftoff -
Privacy policy
Oath -
Privacy policy
Smart -
Privacy policy
SpotX -
Privacy policy
StreamRail -
Privacy policy
Server and database hosting services, content delivery network services, DDoS mitigation, Internet security and distributed domain name server services, Proxy services
CloudFlare -
Privacy policy
DigitalOcean -
Privacy policy
Amazon -
Privacy policy
Our third-party privacy promise
We review the privacy policies of all our third-party providers before enlisting their services to ensure their practices align with ours. We will never knowingly include third-party services that compromise or violate the privacy of our users.
How you can control or opt out of cookies
If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you can instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default, but you can update these settings to either refuse cookies altogether, or to notify you when a website is trying to set or update a cookie.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics data collection with the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
If you browse websites from multiple devices, you may need to update your settings on each individual device.
Although some cookies can be blocked with little impact on your experience of a website, blocking all cookies may mean you are unable to access certain features and content across the sites you visit.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you can instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default, but you can update these settings to either refuse cookies altogether, or to notify you when a website is trying to set or update a cookie.
For mobile applications you can delete cookies by uninstalling the application or by deleting your data in your device's Application Manager.
Offer Wall
We may display an “offer wall” in our applications that is hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall allows third party advertisers to provide virtual currency to users in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or anonymous demographic information. After clicking on one of these advertisements, you will no longer be on a Service hosted by us. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier and other information will be shared with the offer wall provider. For information on how to opt-out from “offer wall” advertisements, see section "Your rights and options".
YouTube
Our apps and websites are using
YouTube API Services
. This implies:
By agreeing to this policy you are agreeing to
YouTube's Terms of Service
and
Google Privacy Policy
Our client always asks your permission to use Youtube Services on your behalf. First it asks you to grant permission to upload a video of your chess game to your Youtube account. Once you give a permition your access and refresh tokens are stored on our server. You can invalidate that access directly at
Google security settings page
or by deleting your chess account.
After granting access to YouTube API Services, our client never uploads to your Youtube account any video without manual request for each video.
In addition to stored access and refresh tokens, our server stores also URL to videos you have generated via our apps.
All Youtube Services data stored on our clients and servers are refreshed at least once a month. If you remove access to Youtube Services, our server will delete all stored data related to that revoked access. If you make videos private or delete them in your Youtube account our server will delete related video link from database.
We do not share and do not let other users to see any of your data related to YouTube Services. Other users can't see your videos through our software.
In case you have any questions or requests related to privacy of Youtube Services you can contact us at:
developer.chess@gmail.com
GDPR
We comply with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), regarding obtaining, storing and using personal data.
Name of the controller: DLB Immobilien AG
Address: Stationsstrasse 3, 8545 Rickenbach, Switzerland
Email:
developer.chess@gmail.com
Terms of Use
The purpose of this Agreement is to set forth the Use Policy by which User will abide while using or otherwise making use of services of Company (DLB Immobilien AG, Stationsstrasse 3, 8545 Rickenbach, Switzerland). This Agreement constitutes the entire and only Agreement between Company and User and supersedes all prior or other Agreements with respect to the service and products provided.
Services
Company's service will be provided on an "as is, as available" basis. Further, Company provides no warranty, written, expressed, or implied, for any services provided, including, without limitation, warranty of the merchantability and warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. This expressly includes any reimbursement for losses of income due to disruption of services by Company or its providers. Company does not guarantee the server’s permanent accessibility or functionality.
User will use the services in a manner consistent and compliant with any and all applicable laws of Switzerland.
Use of any information obtained by way of Company is at User’s own risk, and Company specifically denies any responsibilityfor the accuracy or quality of information obtained through its services. Company makes no warranty, written, expressed or implied of any guaranteed uptime, or that the service will function at a reliable level based on past performance.
Company is not responsible for any damages arising from User’s use of Company’s services or by any inability to use the services for any reason.
Company is not responsible for User’s data, files, or directories residing on Company's equipment and servers. User is solely responsible for maintaining data, files, and back-ups.
Modification of terms
Company reserves the right to add, modify, or delete any provision of this Agreement at any time. Company reserves the exclusive right and will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of any of these provisions. If User does not agree with any of the terms, User shall stop using the services. The most recent terms will be posted on this Website. User’s continued access to the Website constitutes an acceptance of any amendments or modifications contained within this Agreement. Company shall have the right to change User’s privileges to accounts already bought. Company may add or remove functionality.
License
Company grants to User an non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the services in accordance with this Agreement.
Misuse of system resources
It is a violation for anyone who, including but not limited to, employs posts or other data that consume excessive CPU time, server memory or storage space. Company reserves the right to immediately and without notice to the User, terminate any service or process that uses a disproportionate amount of any system resources.
Potentially illegal conduct in general
The following shall be construed as violations of this Agreement and may result in suspension or deletion of a Customer’s Users’ account or in Termination of this Agreement.
Company products and services may only be used for lawful purposes. Transmission, distribution, or storage of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is strictly prohibited. This includes, without limitation, material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property right used without proper authorization, or material that is obscene, defamatory, or constitutes an illegal threat. Non-acceptable content may include, but are not limited to: Pirated software, Hackers’ programs or archives, Chat Sites/Servers, Pornography and Adult Content, or any other file or media deemed by Company to be inappropriate or to be illegal or for which User does not have the legal right to use or post.
No one shall post defamatory, scandalous, or private information about a person without their consent or with intention to inflict emotional distress, or post any information that violates any rightful trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights.
Sending unsolicited email messages (“Spam”) from or through or post on Company’s servers, including, without limitation, commercial advertising or informational announcements, shall be prohibited. Company reserves the right to terminate this Agreement and any other accounts under User’s account if receives complaints.
Any unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material, harassment, fraud and other illegal activities, or dealing in content and material that has been deemed illegal in Switzerland or the User’s community or state.
Falsifying any User information provided to Company or to other Users in connection with the use of a Company service.
System and network security
Violations of system or network security are strictly prohibited, and may result in criminal or civil liability. Examples include, but are not limited to: allowing unauthorized access, use, probe, or scan of any Company system, security, authentication measures, data or traffic; interference with service to any User, host or network, flooding, or attempts to overload a system or broadcast attacks.
Copyright
All content, graphics, logos, fonts, chess pieces and other designs, software, and other content and matters related to the services provided are protected under Swiss and International Law. All replication, distribution, publication and all other use is strictly prohibited.
Acceptable use while playing
User shall not use any software, such as playing engines or databases, and books to assist him while playing, and User shall not have another User assist him or play for him or use his user name for any purpose. It is not allowed to play User against the same User (which could result in boosting User’s rating). All ratings are based on User’s performance in the games. User shall not unfairly increase or decrease rating.
Third-party products and services.
Third-parties may advertise their products and services on Company’s website. Company doesn’t control these products and services. Every use of the products and services is at User’s own risk and Company shall not be liable for any damages arising out of the transaction between User and Third-party.
Links
Company’s websites contain links to other websites. Company is not responsible or liable for the content of such websites. By inclusion of links Company does not approve or endorse the linked website. By leaving Company’s website User does so at his own risk.
Consequences of Violation
If Company becomes aware of an alleged violation of any of the terms contained in this Agreement, or any other policy that has been posted on its websites, made available to Customer via e-mail, or posted in any other form, Company shall have the right to initiate an investigation. During the investigation, Company may restrict Customer or Customer’s Users’ access to Company products and services in order to prevent further possible unauthorized activity. Company may, at its sole discretion, restrict, suspend, or terminate Customer's account without notice or refund, or pursue civil and/or penal remedies as it deems necessary. Company shall notify the appropriate law enforcement department of any such violations. Company shall not be responsible for any payment, refunds, or compensation in any way for service disruptions or termination of this Agreement. If Company has a reasonable suspicion of fraudulent activity of User, including any breach of these terms, Company reserves also its right to withhold any payment and to release these amounts fully or partially to the misbehaving User’s opponents at its sole discretion. Company shall also have the right to keep back other virtual items such as tickets to tournaments, virtual trophies etc. In other terms: User losing their account will lose loaded money or other virtual amounts and items without any right for refund after Company decides to cancel any service in general or any service for a particular banned User.
Limited liability & Indemnification.
Company shall not be liable for any content posted, opinions expressed, or actions taken by any of the Users. Any conduct that violates the laws, regulations, or the accepted norms of the Internet community or the community standards in Switzerland or the User’s territory, whether expressly mentioned in these terms or not, is strictly prohibited. Company reserves the exclusive right to prohibit any activities that it deems will adversely affect its commercial reputation or goodwill, endanger its network, impact its Customers, or expose it to liability or tort.
User hereby releases and discharges Company, employees, directors, agents, contractors, advertisers, attorneys, product and service providers, its agents, representatives, and assignees from any and all claims, losses, expenses and demands including reasonable attorney’s fees arising related to User’s violation of this Agreement or use of the services.
Assignment
Company shall have the right to assign this Agreement and any of the rights granted herein, in whole or in part, to any person, firm, corporation or entity, and nothing contained herein shall imply anything to the contrary.
Place of Jurisdiction
Exclusive Place of Jurisdiction for all disputes arising from or in connection with this Agreement shall be Zurich. Swiss law shall apply, excluding the conflict of law regulations. By using Company’s services User agrees to comply and be bound by these policies.
Effective Date: 10th August, 2020