Privacy
Policy
Last updated: 18 June 2018
This Privacy Policy explains how
your personal data is collected and processed when you use our application (the
“App”).
The App is a free to play game (with
optional in-game-purchases), and in order to maintain the high quality and a
great game experience we process information from and about you in particular
to improve the entire experience in the App and to support internal
operations.
We update this Privacy Policy from
time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at
the top of the policy and, depending on the specific changes, we will provide
you with additional notice or require a renewed consent. We encourage you to
review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the App to stay informed about
how we process your personal data and how you can protect your privacy.
Collection of information
Information you provide to us
This Privacy Policy only concerns
the App. If you submit any information to edaysoft through our website or other
sites or services, please review the edaysoft Privacy Policy (available at www.edaysoft.cn)
or such other privacy policy as applicable for information about how we
collect, use and disclose such information.
Information we collect
automatically through the app
When you access or use the App, we do
not automatically collect any general information about you. If we collect any
information from you, we will ask for your permission.
Information we collect from
other sources
If you log into the App using a third
party site or platform such as Facebook, Apple Game Center and Google Sign-In,
we access information about you from that site or platform, such as your screen
name, profile information and friend lists, in accordance with the
authorization procedures determined by such third party site or platform
provided that you have given the third party site in question such consent.
If you log into the App using a
third party site or platform, you represent and warrant that (i) your access
and use of such features in connection with the App will comply with the
applicable terms and policies of such site or platform; and (ii) that you are
over the minimum age limit that is prescribed for such third party site or platform
by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions.