Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Barley Game (hereinafter referred to as "we") respects and protects the privacy of all users who use our services. We may collect and use your information when you use our services. However, in safeguarding your privacy, we will treat this information with the highest degree of diligence and prudence.
This Privacy Policy is closely related to the services you use. Once you install, use, register or otherwise access our services, it means that you have accepted this policy and, on an informed basis, express a complied consent to be treated in accordance with this policy regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information.
1.Scope of Application
2.Information use
3.Information Disclosure
4. Subscription and automatic renewal
5. Information storage
6.Information security
7.Information management
8.Minor information protection
9.Regulations of blacklisted users and refund issue
10.Revisions
1.Scope of application
a) Information that you automatically receive and record on your browser and on your computer and other mobile devices when you use our web services or visit our platform pages, including but not limited to your IP address, address location information, browser type, language used, date and time of access, communication accounts, communication duration, hardware and operating system information, and web page records.
b) Name, personal nickname, ID number, mobile number, QQ number, WeChat, or other social networking site information, personal avatar, and shared photos that you fill out, provide, or upload when you register or edit your account.
c) Your home address, personal interests, and other personal details that may be provided when you use services provided by Barley Game.
d) User personal data that we obtain from our business partners through legal channels.
2.Information use
a) We will not provide, sell, rent, share, or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless we have obtained your permission in advance, the third party provides services to you individually, or they cooperate with us (including our affiliates) to provide services to you. After any service concludes, it will be barred from accessing all data that it has previously been able to access and utilize.
b) We also do not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell, or distribute your personal information by any means. If any of our platform users engage in the above activities, upon discovery, we have the right to terminate the service agreement with the user immediately.
c) We use your information for identity authentication, security, anti-fraud detection, customer security services, archive backups, business analysis, and more.
d) For the purpose of serving the User, we may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to providing you with personalized needs, sending new product and service advertisements, information, and inviting you to participate in our service surveys, or share information with our partners so they can send you information about their products and services (Note: sharing your information with partners requires your consent in advance).
3.Information disclosure
We will disclose your personal information in whole or in part in accordance with your personal wishes or the law in the following circumstances:
a) disclose to third parties with your prior consent.
b) In order to provide the products and services you request, we have to share your personal information with third parties.
c) disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law, or at the request of the administrative or judicial authorities.
d) If you have violated relevant Chinese laws, regulations, or our service agreements or related rules, we need to disclose them to third parties.
e) If you are a qualified IP Complainant and have filed a complaint, it should be disclosed to the Respondent at the request of the Complainant so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes.
f) We have the right to decide on a transaction created on our platform or in the event of a merger, acquisition, asset transfer or other cooperation, such as a transaction or cooperation, which fulfills or partially fulfills the transaction obligation and requests for disclosure of information. Provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute.
g) Other disclosures that we believe to be appropriate by law, regulation, or policy.
4.Subscription and Auto-renewal Features
a) Payment will be charged to your iTunes account upon confirmation of purchase.
b) Subscriptions will renew automatically, unless automatic renewal is closed at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
c) The account will be charged the renewal fee within 24 hours prior to the end of the period and the renewal fee will be determined by then.
d) Orders can be managed by the user and can be turned off after the purchase via the user's account settings.
e) Any unused portion of the free trial period (if provided) will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription of the publication.
5. Information storage
We will comply with relevant laws and regulations to store your personal information in a secure database device or other more advanced  database or device equipped with higher security system. We will provide appropriate security for your information to prevent information loss, improper Use, unauthorized access, or disclosure.
6. Information security
a) When creating your account, create a unique username and a password combination mixed with letters, capital letters, and numbers. Creating a strong password is the most effective way to guarantee your account’s security. We will ensure that your information is not lost, misused, or altered by encrypting user information. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no “perfect security measures” on the internet.
b) When using our web services for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only if absolutely necessary. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially if usernames and passwords have been leaked, please contact our customer service immediately so that we can take appropriate measures.
7. Information management
a) You can manage your information in the process of using our services according to our guidelines, including registration information and other personal information. The specific information management scope and management methods are subject to the specific service you use. For example, with regards to your registration information, you can access and modify your account details , but you are not authorized to delete your account, otherwise you will not be allowed to use the services we provide.
b) If we collect and use your information for the purpose of fulfilling the service function or for the event, you may find that we have violated the agreement to collect and use your information falsely. In case of misuse, you can contact our customer service as stated in this Privacy Policy and report to us,  and we will process your information as per your request.
c) If you access and manage your personal information, we will authenticate your identity to ensure that the account is secure. You need to provide us with your identity verification information according to our guidelines. If the information provided by you fails the verification process, we regret to inform you that you may not be able to manage the personal information you request.
d) We will do our utmost to fulfill the management of your personal information, but due to technical reasons or legal supervision requirements, we may not be able to meet all your expectations. You can report your problems to us by the customer service contact instructions as stated in this Privacy Policy, so that we can improve our technology and better serve you.
e) If you need to manage personal information or have questions about our personal information management, you can use our customer service (aomgsvip@gmail.com). We will review your request and respond to your query as soon as possible.
8. Minor information protection
a) We attach great importance to the safeguarding of minor’s information privacy and personal safety. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain prior consent from a parent or legal guardian before using our services.
9.Regulations of blacklisted users and refund issue
The products that our game sell are digital goods and cannot be "returned". Of course, in addition to these rules, each country has its own laws surrounding refunds, and these local laws are not excluded if they apply to you.
If you have purchased an item from our game via App Store, Google Play etc., and you are experiencing a technical issue with the item, we recommend that you contact our customer services (Facebook messenger, Discord, Email or “Support” inside the game) and seek assistance. Often they’ll be able to help to solve your problem.
If your account got banned after you refund, means that our system have detected some abnormal refund activities on your account. Which includes:
·Refund more than 3 payment orders.
·Refund more than $49.99 in total.
Banned account will move to our user blacklist automatically. To unban it, please kindly contact customer support team. Your account will be unlock for 8 hours after we verified the issue, to make sure it will not got ban again, please recharge the same amount which you have refunded, or the account will be banned after 8 hours (user data reboot to certain date if necessary).
10. Revision
We may revise this Privacy Policy in due course, but we will post a notice of its change on a prominent location on our website or in the Barley Game services you use. In such cases, your continued use of our services constitutes your agreement to be bound by this revised Privacy Policy.
The final interpretation right belongs to the Barley Game.