Privacy Policy & Cookies - NASCAR Heat - Racing Game
Homepage
Mobile
Esports
Ultimate Summer Showdown
eNASCAR Heat Pro League
Watch Live
Blog
About us
Buy Now
Ultimate Summer Showdown
»
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Modified: May 17, 2018 This website is developed and maintained by 704 Games Company (hereinafter “704 Games Company,” “we” or “us”). When you visit our website, or any 704 Games Company Offering, 704 Games Company may collect and use certain information about you. The term “704 Games Company Offering” means the websites of 704 Games Company, including sites on which this Privacy Policy is posted, and any other 704 Games Company application, service or product licensed, downloaded or otherwise accessed by you through third party sites or sources, including the products and services available through any of the foregoing. This Privacy Policy explains how we may collect and use your information, particularly your personal information, and the choices you can make about what information you share. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By continuing to interact with our site, or any 704 Games Company Offering, you are agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the “Last Modified” date at the top of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how 704 Games Company protects your information.
INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT
Personally Identifiable Information: 704 Games Company collects information about you when you interact with a 704 Games Company Offering. We collect information you provide to us including, but not limited to, your name, title, organization, address, country, phone number, email address, fax number, credit or debit card information or other payment details, depending on form of payment. Technical Information: In addition, we may automatically collect information about the devices you use to interact with 704 Games Company Offerings. The information we automatically collect may include your web browser, IP Address, operating system, web browsing information collected through cookies and beacons and identifiers associated with the device. 704 Games Company may also automatically collect information about how you use 704 Games Company Offerings, such as what you have searched for and viewed. Sign Up and Survey information: Any information you provide to us, and any information you choose to share about yourself as part of your use of any 704 Games Company Offering, may be stored as entered. Cookies and Web beacons: Cookies are text files that we and our service providers may place on your device’s browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your shopping cart between visits, personalized 704 Games Company advertisements on third party websites and mobile applications, and personalized third party advertisements within certain 704 Games Company Offerings. We may use cookies to remember your settings, preferences and usage within a 704 Games Company Offering. Web beacons are small pieces of code that we and our service providers may place on a 704 Games Company Offering to monitor and collect data about visitor behavior within the 704 Games Company Offering. Email Confirmation and Analytics: We may receive a confirmation when you open email from 704 Games Company, if your computer supports such capabilities. We may also track other types of information, such as what games users download and install, any download errors, what games users purchase, how long our users have been participating in any 704 Games Company Offerings, the last time a user accessed a 704 Games Company Offering, user behavior and gameplay, whether a user has won any of our games, sweepstakes, contests or other promotions featured on a 704 Games Company Offering, ad response measurement and other 704 Games Company Offerings analytics. Social Networking Sites: If you access a 704 Games Company Offering via a third party social networking site (a “Social Game”), 704 Games Company may receive information about your social networking site profile, including without limitation the information you make publicly available, your social networking site user ID, your first, last and user names, profile and cover photos. If you invite new members into your Social Games network or send messages through Social Games, we may collect the information associated with those messages, including your friends’ social networking site user IDs, email addresses and content. Mobile: When you download or access 704 Games Company Offerings via a mobile device, we and our service providers may receive information about your location (based on your IP address) and your mobile device, including various unique identifiers associated with your device, hardware type, the version of your operating system and your in-game activity. We and our service providers may use this information to provide you with personalized advertising and other content, including advertising and content based on your location. Aggregated, Anonymous Information: We may collect aggregated, anonymized information via 704 Games Company Offerings that does not identify any single user or device.
USE AND SECURITY OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
We may use your username, email address, and password to uniquely identify you as a user on a 704 Games Company Offering, to provide you with services and to process transactions. We may use or display your username and icon or profile photo, if applicable, for the purposes of rankings, competitions or sweepstakes, chat identification, and/or game high scores. We may use your date of birth to confirm your eligibility to participate in 704 Games Company Offerings. Subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, we may use your contact information to process our promotional newsletters and/or email campaigns and to send you updates, security alerts, or administrative messages relating to 704 Games Company Offerings. Your contact information will allow us to notify you about new features, enhancements, resolution of 704 Games Company Offerings problems, handle and/or route your customer support questions and issues, and inform you of upgrade opportunities, sweepstakes, contests, prizes, and/or special events. If our “Tell a friend” feature is available within a particular 704 Games Company Offering and you choose to participate in it, your email will be shared with the person to whom you send the 704 Games Company Offering using this feature. We may use an IP address to surface the appropriate country-based version of a 704 Games Company Offering to a user, or to exercise our ability to restrict access to the site by users who have violated our Terms of Use. We and our third party service providers use cookies and other technologies, such as mobile device identifiers, to enhance your experience with 704 Games Company Offerings. These technologies enable us and our service providers to run affiliate programs and provide you with customized content or offerings, such as personalized 704 Games Company advertisements on other websites and mobile applications and personalized third party advertisements within certain 704 Games Company Offerings. Cookies also enable you to automatically sign in when you access a 704 Games Company Offering, and offer other operational activities within a 704 Games Company Offering. We and our third party service providers may also use cookies and other technologies to manage and measure the performance of third party advertisements within certain 704 Games Company Offerings, and 704 Games Company advertisements on third party sites and mobile applications. This helps us and our service providers provide more relevant advertising to you. We and our third party service providers may also use web beacons to monitor user behavior and collect information about visitors viewing a web page. We may use information collected to calculate aggregate, anonymized statistics about our user community for the purpose of enhancing our 704 Games Company Offerings, or for security purposes. If you access a Social Game, we may use your social networking site profile ID to link your social networking site account with your activities within the Social Game or offer personalized 704 Games Company advertisements on the social networking site. We may use your social networking site first, last and user names and icon to identify you to the social networking site account you’ve linked to your activities within the Social Game, as well as for the purposes of rankings, competitions, sweepstakes, game high scores and/or identification to your social network. If you access a Social Game and provide us with another person’s contact information for purposes of delivering information through a Social Game, we may use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person that she or he has been invited to join a Social Game or received content through a Social Game. All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations from 704 Games Company. We at 704 Games Company take reasonable measures to help protect the information we collect from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
SHARING INFORMATION
We may share customer information with 704 Games Company Affiliates, and as described below. Third Party Marketplaces and Service Providers: We may disclose your personal information as well as aggregate, anonymous information to third party business partners, marketplaces, and third parties who perform services for us, such as credit card processing, prize fulfillment, delivering packages, sending postal mail, collecting and analyzing data, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), and providing advertising and marketing assistance, including serving ads on our behalf on third party websites and mobile applications and serving ads on behalf of third parties within certain 704 Games Company Offerings. Those third parties have access to your information only as necessary to perform their functions, and for no other purposes. Business Transfers: As 704 Games Company continues to grow, we might sell or buy certain subsidiaries and/or business units. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred assets. Also, in the unlikely event that 704 Games Company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information would in most cases be one of the transferred assets. Protection of 704 Games Company and Others: We may also disclose your information if there is a violation of the Terms of Use or other agreements; if we have a good faith belief that the law requires it; or if needed to protect the rights, property or safety of 704 Games Company, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with entities for fraud detection and protection, and credit risk reduction.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION:
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide 704 Games Company Offerings to you and to fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for any one that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or make it anonymous so that we can’t identify you.
YOUR CHOICES
Promotional Email Communications: When you create a customer account or provide access to your email address via a 704 Games Company Offering, you may be automatically registered to receive one or more of our promotional e- newsletters. Note that when you provide an email address through a 704 Games Company Offering, we treat that as a request to be enrolled in one of our promotional e-newsletter lists, even if you previously opted out of receiving newsletters from us, but if you change your mind and wish to opt out again, you may do so at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any newsletter and then following the instructions provided. If you express interest in a 704 Games Company Offering by clicking on a banner within a newsletter, you may be automatically registered to receive newsletters relating to the 704 Games Company Offering that appeared in the banner. At any time, you may opt-out of receiving a newsletter by selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any newsletter. We treat each 704 Games Company Offering individually, so if you are receiving mailings from more than one 704 Games Company Offering, if you want to unsubscribe you must do so with respect to each individually. You may also contact us at CustomerSupport@704Games.com. Please note that we reserve the right to send you non-promotional, account or administrative emails even if you opt out of receiving promotional e-newsletters. Cookies, Online Advertising and Analytics: Please refer to your browser settings and help section to learn about blocking, erasing or being notified of cookies. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of 704 Games Company Offerings’ essential features, we recommend that you leave cookies turned on. For example, you may not be able make purchases on 704 Games Company Offerings without having cookies turned on. Mobile Advertising: Most mobile devices provide the ability to opt out of the collection and use of information from the apps you use for purposes of serving ads targeted to your interests. For more information, and to exercise these choices, consult the settings on your device. Social Games: With respect to Social Games, you may manage your own social network privacy preferences through your social networking site account. European Economic Area (EEA) Users: If you are an EEA user, you can: Access information we hold about you. We’ll usually share this with you within 30 days of your request for it. Have your information corrected or deleted. Object to us processing your information. Have the information you provided to us sent to another organization. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at CustomerSupport@704Games.com.
THIRD-PARTIES
704 Games Company Offerings may allow you to play or share information through social media (such as by logging in through a social media account or using a “Like” button”) or contain links to social media services or other third parties. The use of these features and links are subject to the privacy policies of those companies and your settings on those services. 704 Games Company has no control over, and is not responsible for, the information submitted to or collected by social networks or other third parties. We encourage you to review those third party privacy policies to understand the way your information may be collected and handled by such third parties.
CHAT AND MESSAGING
704 Games Company Offerings may operate message boards and/or chat areas where users can exchange ideas and communicate with each other. When posting to a message board or chat area, the information is being made publicly available in an online environment. Any information posted is the sole responsibility of the individual user.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
704 Games Company does not knowingly request or collect information from children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that any information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information. If you are under 13, you may not register for an account or otherwise provide any personal information to us. If you are based in the EEA you may only participate in 704 Games Offerings if you are over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing under the laws of your country or if verifiable parental consent for your use of any 704 Games Offering has been provided to us. If you are a parent and you learn that your child is using a 704 Games Offering and you don’t want them to, please contact us.
Our Partners and Brands
Brands
Motorsport Network
Motorsport Games
704 Games
BTCC Game
Le Mans Esports
Le Mans 24 Hours Virtual
Partners
NASCAR
ACO
Fanatec
© 2020 704Games. 704Games is a trademark of 704Games Company. All rights reserved.
704Games
Privacy policy
Terms & Conditions
Support
About us
End-User License Agreement
Categories
Homepage
NASCAR Heat 4
NASCAR Heat Mobile
eNASCAR Heat Pro League
Blog
Contact Us
Advertise with NASCAR Heat
Contact the Team
© 2023 704 Games Company.
All rights reserved. Part of
MOTORSPORT NETWORK
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By closing this banner, scrolling this page you consent to the use of cookies.
More info.
Accept
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
SAVE & ACCEPT