Privacy and Cookies Policy
Home
Community
News
V-log
Tournaments
Ratings
Challenge accepted
Wiki
Forum
Media
Wallpapers
Music
EN
RU
DE
PL
BR
ES
Other videos:
When will the conversion happen?
1/7
Challenge accepted: October II 2023
2/7
Tanki Online V-LOG: Episode 491
3/7
Halloween 2023
4/7
Wild West
5/7
Wild West
Container System update
6/7
Winter Major Rankings III
7/7
EN
RU
DE
PL
BR
ES
Home
Community
News
V-log
Tournaments
Ratings
Challenge accepted
Wiki
Forum
Media
Wallpapers
Music
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Effective Date: April 22, 2022
1. Introduction and Applicability of This Policy
1.1. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and disclose your personal data, and what choices you have with respect to that personal data.
1.2. Updates in this version of the Privacy Policy reflect changes in data protection law. In addition, we have worked to make the Privacy Policy clearer and more understandable by:
organizing it into the sections listed in the Table of Contents below,
providing a series of examples that help illustrate how the policies may be implemented by us and
defining and capitalizing a few terms that are used more than once, for the sake of simplicity and brevity.
1.3. This Privacy Policy applies to our games
(“
Games
”)
, websites
(“
Sites
”)
, apps, Tanki Online Account
(“
Account
“)
and other official related products, sites, communications and services
(including support services, forums)
, which we collectively call “
the Services”
, but excluding services which are offered under a different privacy policy or services provided by third parties.
Data Controller Details
2.1. Throughout this document, “Company”, “Tanki Online”, “we”, “us”, “our” and “ours” refer to
APL Publishing Ltd. (“Data Controller”)
Address: Neofytou Nikolaidi & Kilkis, 35, Flat/Office 312, 8011 Paphos, Cyprus
Contact E-Mail:
privacy@tankionline.com
Table of Contents
Introduction and Applicability of This Policy
Data Controller Details
Table of Contents
Data We Collect and Receive
How We Use Data
Who We Share Your Data With
International Data Transfers
Data Retention
Security Safeguards
Age Limits
How To Exercise Your Personal Data Rights
Contact US
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Data We Collect and Receive
4.1. In order to provide the Services, we may collect or receive data, which may include the information voluntarily provided in the course of filling special forms in the Game, the information provided during the registration process, subscription to the Services, publication of materials and request for other services or information collected automatically during the course of providing the Services.
4.2. Data You Provide Us With
4.2.1. Account Data
To register or update an Account, you may be asked to provide Personal Data including, but not limited to, your username, email address, phone number, password.
4.2.2. Communication and Content Data
When you communicate with us or submit a report about problems with the Services, post any content or messages, or provide any other information within the Services, we may process all of this information. This data includes:
data that you post, comment or like in any of the Games’ Forums and Sites;
data sent through the “game-chat” functionality in the Games;
data you provide through our support channels;
payment data, when you purchase Digital Content from us, including information necessary to process your orders with the relevant payment provider, which may include the amount of any transaction, but will not include your name, financial information or cardholder data, which will only be submitted directly to the payment service provider under secure protocols; you can find further information in the current data protection guidelines of the respective payment providers. When you make in-app purchases in the mobile application, we do not collect or have any access to your name and billing information. This information is collected and stored by your platform (e.g. Applestore or Google Play) or your platform’s payment processor.
Be aware that if you chose SafeCharge (Prepaid Services Company Ltd.) as one the payment methods made available for you, SafeCharge will collect, process and store your card details as well as other required information by their own rules, thus we strongly advise careful reading of respective privacy policies of payment service providers before proceeding with any payments.
Tanki Online does not collect, process or store your card details.
information other than the Account data you provide to us when participating in competitions, contests and tournaments, responding to surveys, e.g. your contact details;
information regarding your profiles on social networking sites in order to allow integration with such social networking sites.
Please note that information that you voluntarily make public, or which you post publicly (for example in the game-chat or forum), will be publicly available and viewable by others. We do not hold any liability for any information that you voluntarily choose to be public through such and/or other explicit actions.
4.2.3. Anonymous data
We will also collect anonymised details about visitors to and use of our Services for the purposes of creating aggregate statistics or reporting purposes. However, no single individual will be identifiable from the anonymised details we collect for these purposes.
4.2.4. Sensitive Information
We do not deal with any sensitive information, such as related to the racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, physical or mental health or condition, crime or court records, etc.
4.2.5. Social Network Login
To access some Services, you can be asked to log in using your social network account, for example such as Facebook. We do not have access to your social network login and password, since the login process runs on social network’s servers. You enter your username and password on social network site. You are responsible for safeguarding the details of your social network account and for any activities or actions under your social network login using the Services.
When you connect to the Services and/or use the Services through your social network account, you will be asked to permit the Service to access certain information stored on social network. We use your information from social network account only in accordance with your privacy settings you have set up under your social network account. Accordingly we only use the information to provide you with the Service at the given moment (but do not store) such information, which you allowed social network to share with third parties subject to the privacy settings that you have set in social network.
The social network’s use of Personal Information and/or information on social network made available by you using the Services is governed by social network’s Privacy Policy and controlled by social network, not by this Privacy Policy or by us.
4.2.6. Other Data
We may request any information required to organize and conduct events in the Game when you register to participate in such events initiated by us.
4.3. Data We Collect Automatically
4.3.1. Usage Data
The browser or a client program may transfer certain information about the details of visits to the Services, including
information about traffic, log-files, user activity information;
IP-address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, Android ID, IMEI);
general location data;
social platform ID;
browser and device information, operating system;
data about your use of the Services, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Services and other information.
In most cases, when you use the Services, we also create for you an in-game identifier such as an Account ID.
4.3.2. Cookie Files and Similar Technologies
In order for the Services to function properly, we may use Cookies. Cookies are small bits of record-keeping text information that are automatically created and stored in your computer or other device in order to associate and identify activity with the User (“Cookies”). Cookies do not typically include names and/or email addresses and/or other Personal Data. In fact they typically contain anonymous information that is required for the better functionality of the Services.
Cookies or similar technologies stored on your computer or device through which you use the Services have amongst others but without limitation, the following functions:
Authentification.
If you’re signed in to our Services, cookies help us show you the right information and personalize your experience.
Security.
We use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity.
Preferences and Features
. Cookies or similar technologies can tell us which language you prefer and what your communications preferences are. They can help you fill out forms on our Sites more easily. They also provide you with features, insights, and customized content.
Marketing.
We may use cookies or similar technologies to help us deliver marketing campaigns and track their performance. Similarly, our partners may use cookies to provide us with information about your interactions with their services and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness and allow more effective targeted advertising, but use of those third-party cookies would be subject to the service provider’s policies.
Performance, Analytics and Research.
Cookies or similar technologies help us learn how well our Sites and Services perform. We also use cookies or similar technologies to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services, including to create logs and record when you access our Sites and Services from different devices, such as your computer or your mobile device.
We use the following first-party cookies on our Sites:
Domain
Cookie Name
Expiration
Description
tankionline.com
TNK_CDN
1 year
Analytics and Research
tankionline.com
TNK_Flash
1 year
Preferences and Features
tankionline.com
TNK_HTML5
1 year
Preferences and Features
tankionline.com
TNK_cluster
1 year
Preferences and Features
tankionline.com
TNK_visit
1 year
Marketing
help.tankionline.com
csrftoken
1 year
Security
help.tankionline.com
uesessionid
1 day
Authentification
tankiforum.com
ips4_IPSSessionFront
Session
Authentification
tankiforum.com
ips4_hasJS
1 day
Preferences and Features
tankiforum.com
ips4_ipsTimezone
Session
Preferences and Features
tankiforum.com
ips4_member_id
3 Months
Authentification
tankiforum.com
ips4_pass_hash
3 Months
Authentification
The first-party cookies are stored for no more than one year.
We may use third-party analytics providers software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our software on your device, including but not limited to, Google Analytics, Google AdWords, Yandex.Metrica, firebase, Facebook Analytica, AppsFlyer (collectively “
Third Party Analytics Providers
”). This software may record information such as how often You use the Services, the events that occur within the Services, aggregated usage, performance data, and where our Software was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information You submit within the Services.The information about
your use of our Services, may be transmitted to and stored by Third-Party Analytics Providers’ servers, which may also be located outside of the European Economic Area.
Our Services may contain third party tracking tools from our partners. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze User information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, general geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their Services under their respective privacy policies. This Policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties.
The following are third parties that we use for analytics:
AppMetrica
Publisher uses AppMetrica to help understand usage of the Services. For more information about AppMetrica privacy practices, please see the
https://yandex.com/legal/metrica_termsofuse
. Learn more from their
Terms of Use
and
Privacy Policy
.
To Opt-out:
Visiting Yandex Metrica opt-out add-on.
Facebook Analytics
Solution for analytics that helps to understand how You use our Services. For more information about Facebook Analytics privacy practices, please see the
https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
.
Firebase
Firebase helps us understand clearly how Users behave, which enables You to make informed decisions regarding app marketing and performance optimizations. For more information about Firebase privacy practices, please see the
https://firebase.google.com/terms/analytics
.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics collects information such as how often Users visit this Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this Site. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our Services is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing You on return visits to this Site by disabling cookies on your browser or mobile device. For more information about Google Analytics, please see the Google Privacy Policy (https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en). To prevent Google Analytics from using your data through a web browser, you can get the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
).
Google AdWords (Marketing Cookies)
Our Site uses the
Google AdWords
Conversion Tracking cookie to measure and optimize the performance and user experience related to our ads in Google Search or selected Google Display Network sites. Learn more about Google’s privacy policy
here
.
To Opt-out:
Visiting
Google’s Ads Settings
.
Google AdMob
To learn more about Google AdMob’s privacy practices please visit
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your iOS or Android device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android).
You can
control and/or delete
cookies as you wish by changing your browser settings. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site, and some services and functionalities may not work.
How We Use Your Data
5.1. To Provide the Services to You
To provide the Services
to you and to perform our contract with you, we use your information, which is necessary:
to register and administer your Account, and to verify your details,
to provide you with the Services you request;
to verify and confirm payments;
to communicate with you including via email or push notification about your Account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our Services or changes to our policies;
to provide support including, but not limited to, product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar communications;
to arrange your participation in competitions, rewarding you with gifts and awards to which you may be entitled as a result of winning an online or offline competition, etc.
5.2. To make the Service more suitable for our players
5.2.1. To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest in collecting and processing the necessary data to
Update and develop player profiles;
Develop and improve the Service and player experience;
Manage our relationship with you;
Provide social features as part of the Service;
Customize your Service experience;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support;
Notify you and provide you with information including via email or push notification  about features on our Services, new product releases and service developments, and to advertise our products and services;
Provide you with special offers inside the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email;
Send you related information including via email or push notification, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages;
Enable you to communicate with other players.
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us. To find out how to do this, please refer to section 11.7. “Request That We Stop Using Your Data”.
5.3. To Keep The Services Safe And Fair
5.3.1. In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to prevent and fight fraud and cheating, and to ensure acceptable use, we have a legitimate interest in processing the necessary data to
Analyze and monitor the use of the Services;
Take action against fraudulent, cheating or disruptive players.
5.3.2. If the data can be used to prove that cheating, fraudulent activity, or EULA violation has occurred, we will further store the data for the establishment, exercise, or defence of the legal claims for the duration of the applicable statute of limitations.
5.4. With Your Consent
5.4.1. With your consent, we may process your data for additional specific purposes.
5.4.2. If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time (to find out what to do in this case, please refer to section 11.9.), but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.  Where we are using your information because we have a legitimate interest in doing so, you have the right to object to that use. However, in some cases, this may mean that you will no longer be eligible to use the Services.
Who We Share Your Data With
6.1. We share information we collect about you in the ways discussed below and only when necessary for the performance of a contract with you, compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or based on our legitimate interests. We are not in the business of selling information about you to advertisers or other third parties.
6.1.1. Payment Services:
we share your email address, IP address, information about your in-game purchases at the Services, and other information you provide to us with payment provider companies for the purpose of fulfilling your purchase requests.
6.1.2. Hosting Services:
we may use third-party companies to host information or provide other infrastructure that helps with the delivery of our Services.
6.1.3. Customer Support Services:
we engage third-parties to help us provide customer support for some territories and products. Such companies may have access to your personal data, including personal data that you may provide in your customer support requests.
6.1.4. External Moderators and Testers:
some limited data about you (such as your nickname, IP-address) may become available to third-party volunteering moderators and testers who contribute to providing you with better Services, e.g. to quickly respond to your questions about the Games.
6.1.5. Developers of the Game Software:
for the purpose of developing and supporting  the Game Software, we may share your nickname, e-mail, IP-address and some other information with third-party developer companies.
6.1.6. Advertising and Advertising Measurement Partners:
we may share your email, nickname, IP address and other information you provide to us in order to facilitate targeting, delivery, and measurement of online advertising on third-party services, or otherwise facilitate the transmission of information that may be useful, relevant, or of interest to you. For more information please see section 4.3.2. of this Privacy Policy.
6.1.7. Links to Third-Party Sites:
the Services may include links that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit information to any of those third-party sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies, not this one. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
6.1.8. Sharing anonymous information:
we also may share with third parties, anonymous or aggregated information, or other data that does not directly identify you and that cannot reasonably be used to identify any individual user, for instance to show trends about use of the Services. We may also allow our third party advertisers to collect anonymous information and aggregated information within the Services and they may then share that information with us. Our advertisers may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons. This enables our advertisers to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Services and on the websites of third parties, so that they can try to serve you with advertisements for products and services that are most likely to be of interest to you. Advertisers will also use this information to monitor, improve or modify their operations.
6.1.9. Publicly available information:
our Sites may offer publicly available chats, forums and blogs that are viewable by others. Please note that you post publicly available information at your own risk. We are not liable for any information that you voluntarily choose to be public through such and/or other explicit actions.
You should be aware that any information you provide on these communication services —including your Account information — may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses these communication services.  Your posts and certain Account information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these Services. To request removal of your information from publicly accessible websites operated by us, please contact us as specified below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to, and why.
6.1.10. Change of control:
we may share your data as part of our company’s sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any entity that buys us, or part of our business, will have the right to continue using your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy, unless you agree otherwise.
International Data Transfers
7.1. Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. We transfer, process and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services.  Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.
7.1.2. International transfers within the Subsidiary or Affiliate Companies.
To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information to Russia and allow access to that information from countries in which our owned or operated companies have operations for the purposes described in this policy. These countries may not have privacy and data protection laws equivalent to the laws of many of the countries where our customers and users are based. When we share information about you within and among corporate affiliates, we make use of standard contractual data protection clauses that have been approved by the European Commission.
7.1.3. International transfers to third-parties.
Some of the third parties described in this privacy policy that provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have privacy and data protection laws equivalent to those of the country in which you reside. When we share the information of customers in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we make use of the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, European Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses, or other appropriate legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer. We will provide you with a copy of the standard data protection clauses upon your request.
Data Retention
8.1.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active, or as long as is needed to provide you with the Service. We will periodically de-identify unused game Accounts, and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
8.2. Content you share on the Services: If your account is deactivated or disabled, some of your information and the content you have provided will remain in order to allow other users to make full use of the Services.  For example, we continue to display messages you posted on the forum, and continue to display content you provided.
8.3. Marketing information: If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our Services.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date when such information was created.
Security Safeguards
9.1.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Age Limits
10.1. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
How To Exercise Your Personal Data Rights
11.1. You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your information. Below is a summary of those rights, how to exercise them, and any limitations.
11.2. You have the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your information in a structured, electronic format.  Below, we describe the processes for making these requests. You may contact us as explained in the
Contact Us section below to request assistance.
11.3. Your requests and choices may be limited in certain cases, such as when fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.
11.4.
Access Your Data (Right of Access):
Upon your request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, electronic format.
11.5. Change or Correct Your Data (Right to Rectification):
You can edit some of your personal data (such as your email address) through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
11.6. Delete Your Data (Right to Erasure):
In certain territories (including the European Union) you can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g. if it is no longer necessary to Provide Services to you). As a result of deleting your Account, you will lose access to most Services, including the Account and game-related information linked to the Account, subscriptions to forums, and the possibility to access other services for which you are using the Account. Please note that once your Account has been deleted, you will lose your gaming experience and all Digital Content.
11.7. Request That We Stop Using Your Data (Right to Object):
In certain territories (including the European Union) where processing of your Personal Data is based on legitimate interests, you can use your right to object at any time. If you object, we will no longer process your Personal Data unless there are compelling and prevailing legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Opt-Out of Direct Marketing:
You can opt-out of receiving any direct marketing communications that we may send you by using the unsubscribe mechanism in those marketing emails, or, in relation to push notifications, by choosing not to accept them or by turning them off by visiting the settings on your device and selecting the appropriate setting. To opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications please check the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and select “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest-based ads” (Android).
To change or delete push notifications, visit the settings section on your device and select the appropriate setting, or change the settings on your browser if you are accessing any of our websites.
You can also opt-out of our use of your information for marketing purposes by contacting us, as explained in the section “Contact Us”.  When you make such requests, we may need time to investigate and facilitate your request. Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our Services.
11.8. For European Union users only. Data Portability:
Data portability is the ability to obtain some of your personal data in a format that you can move from one service provider to another (for instance, when you transfer your email address to another carrier).  Depending on the context, this applies to some, but not to all of your data.
11.9. You may withdraw consent
where processing of your personal data is based on consent, by contacting us as explained in the section “Contact us”. If you withdraw your consent, it will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
11.10. We are obliged to respond to your requests without undue delay. In most instances, we will respond within one calendar month. If we are unable to deal with your request fully within a calendar month (due to the complexity or number of requests), we may extend this period by a further two calendar months. Should this be necessary, we will explain the reasons for such a delay. If you make your request electronically, we will, where possible, provide the relevant information electronically unless you request otherwise.
You have the right to complain to the Data Protection supervisory authority
within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints
.
Contact US
12.1. If you have any questions about how your personal data is collected, stored, shared or used, or if you wish to exercise any of your data rights, please contact us at:
APL Publishing Ltd.
Address: Neofytou Nikolaidi & Kilkis, 35, Flat/Office 312, 8011 Paphos, Cyprus
Contact E-Mail:
privacy@tankionline.com
Changes to This Privacy Policy
13.1. We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by adding a notice within the Services or by sending you an email notification. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Download
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Game Rules
End User License Agreement
Imprint
Customer support:
help@tankionline.com
©2010-2023 Alternativa Game Ltd. All rights reserved. Published by APL Publishing Ltd.
Search
Date:
Newest first
Newest first
Oldest first
Announcement type:
All
Events
Videos
News
Request to customer service
You don't have an email address linked to your account. You will need to have it linked in order to send a request to our customer support service.
To link your email address to your account, enter the game and open Settings -> Account. You will find further details and directions there. Don't forget to confirm your email!
We have recieved your request for our services and we will get in touch with you shortly.
Request to customer service
We use Сookies to make sure our website is as secure and efficient as possible for our users. Read the full details
here
.
OK