Wonderful Games AG Privacy Policy
WE RESPECT YOUR PRIVACY
If you have any privacy related
concerns, please contact us at: info(at)wonderfulgames.com.
Wonderful Games AG is a company registered in Switzerland and address
at this date at Oberneuhofstr. 5, 6340 Baar, Switzerland (‘’Wonderful
Games AG’’, ‘’We’’), who offers
entertaining mobile applications (‘’App/s’’).
This privacy statement describes how Wonderful Games AG collects and
uses the information and/or data (the terms are used interchangeably)
you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding
our use of your information and how you can access the information.
We respect your privacy and we take protecting it seriously.
YOUR CONSENT
With downloading of our App, you
consent to this Privacy Policy.
Please read carefully this Privacy
Policy. By downloading and using our apps, you agree to the terms of
this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent with the collection,
use and disclosure of your Information. By using our Apps and not
choosing one of the opt-out options, you give us consent to use and
transfer your data as stated below. Please Note: if you or, as
applicable, your legal guardian, disagree to any term provided
herein, you may not install, access and/or use the apps and you are
requested to promptly erase all Wonderful Games AG apps from your
mobile device.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
In order for you to be able to use our
App, we need to collect some Information.
Non-personal Information
We collect anonymous information by
which users cannot be directly or indirectly identified
(‘’Non-Personal Information’’). Non-Personal
Information may include various technical information, such as
information about your device, your browser type, screen resolution,
device type, language, version and type of operating system, mobile
phone carrier, network provider, network status, SDK version, browser
cookies, API key, application version, Android or iOS Vendor, geo
location (not specific enough to identify a city or town), storage
size, screen size, firmware, aggregated data log files from servers,
session information, levels achieved and more.
Personal Information
Wonderful Games AG may collect,
directly or through Third Parties, the following Personal
Information:
the Users e-mail address, the User’s
personal identifiers, social media data, geo location data,
information in connection with Users’ activities within the
Apps including his/her use of the services therein, including
notifications, invite data, monetization events, accomplished stages,
how long he/she spent in the game, etc.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION COLLECTION
Wonderful Games AG does not knowingly
collect any personal information from children under 13 years of age.
If the company becomes aware that a
child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will
delete such information from our files.
USAGE OF INFORMATION
We use the Information we collect to
show personalized ads in our Apps to finance the development and
improvement of the Apps, because if we would not show personalized
ads we could not generate an income to pay the costs needed to
develop the apps (for example labour costs) and therefore the user
could not use this App.
We use the Information we collect to
constantly improve our Apps and make them better for you.
We use the Information to understand
and optimize how our Apps are used, improve our marketing efforts,
provide our content and features that are of interest to you, for
statistics, analytics, research and development in order to
continuously improve our apps and make them better for you. This
includes correcting technical malfunctions, customization, providing
better and improved content, developing new offers, measuring traffic
and usage of our apps, promoting the apps and improving the user
experience.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
Sometimes we need to disclose the
Information for other lawful purposes, as customary for all App
developers.
We may disclose Information in the
following cases: if required by law, for example to comply with a
court order, subpoena, regulation, legal process or other
governmental request;
to exercise or protect the rights,
property or personal safety of the Company, our users or others;
to enforce this privacy statement,
including investigation of potential violations thereof;
upon fulfilling legal requirements of
local legislation (for example verifiable parental consent of a legal
guardian for child directed apps in the US etc.) in order to supply
certain services/information third party might legally request from
us
to detect, prevent, or otherwise
address fraud, security or technical issues;
We may also disclose Information to let
Third Parties, our partners or affiliates serve the Users of the App
with advertisements as permitted under applicable laws and rules.
We share collected information with
third parties, including analytics providers, tracking providers,
third party advertising providers and other third party service
providers that support the Apps (collectively referred to as
“Partners”). We may share information that can be used to
personally identify your device (e.g. persistent identifiers such as
IDFA, IDFV, advertising ID and IP address) for the purposes of
delivering our services, displaying advertisements, conducting
analysis and research and for measuring our and our Partners’s
advertising campaign performance. We may share such information to:
Our analytics providers: For some Apps
we use third party analytics such as Flurry, Google Analytics and
Firebase Analytics for the purposes of delivering our services,
conducting analysis and research. To get more information about how
your data is being collected and processed you can visit the site
“How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps”
located at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
Our cloud service providers: We store
information we collect from you on servers provided by our third
party cloud service providers such as Amazon AWS.
Our tracking and fraud prevention
providers: for some of our Apps we use third party services for
tracking of our advertising campaigns and fraud prevention purposes.
Third party advertising partners: We
have contracted with certain third party advertising networks that
assist us in delivering advertising to you that allows us to continue
offering the Apps for free or at low cost.
Advertising partner’s third party
tracking provider: For some Apps we may allow our advertising
partners to track impressions, clicks, installs or other advertising
campaign performance indicators through their tracking providers for
the purposes of measuring their advertising campaign performance.
Other third party service providers:
For some Apps we use Unity Software to develop such Apps. For the
data processing by Unity please see Unity’s privacy policy
available at https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.
And we may also disclose Information
with data aggregators and service providers as part of an analysis of
player metrics or sales performance.
OPT-OUT
You are always free to opt-out from the
future collection of your personal information by Wonderful Games AG
in accordance with this Privacy Policy by uninstalling all the
Applications from each of your computing devices and discontinuing
use our Services.
You have an option to opt out from
sharing your information and data for the purposes of interest-based
advertising. You can opt out by choosing one of the following
options:
a) Via third party IBA provider:
InMobi
http://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/
Google (Adx)
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html
Google (AdMob)
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/mobile-about.html
Vungle https://vungle.com/opt-out/
AdColony
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/#targetingchoices
Apple (Search Ads)
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
Google (Ad Words)
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
b) Via "Do Not Track Settings"
in mobile phone:
Turn on "Limit Ad Tracking"
on your iOS device or "Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads" on
your Android device.
STORING OF INFORMATION AND DELETION
We store your Information for as long
as needed to provide you with our services. We may store Information
longer, but only in a way that it cannot be tracked back to you. When
Information is no longer needed, we shall delete it using reasonable
measures to protect the Information from unauthorized access or use.
EU Territory: We store Personal
Information as long as it is needed for the provision of our
services. Traffic information is erased or made anonymous when it is
no longer needed for the purpose of the transmission or, in the case
of payable services, up to the end of the period during which the
bill may lawfully be challenged or payment pursued. Location
information is stored to the extent and for the duration necessary
for the provision of a value-added service. Cookies, direct marketing
and provision of value-added services information (including traffic
information used for these purposes) is stored as long as the same is
necessary for the provision of these activities, or up to the time
when a user opts out from such use in accordance with this Privacy
Policy. Other information is stored for as long as we consider it to
be necessary for the provision of our services. This Section shall
not prevent any technical storage or access to information for the
sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication or
as strictly necessary in order for us to provide the service you
requested.
US Territory: We will retain collected
information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined
in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required
or permitted by applicable legislation.
Storing might be different depending on
the territory of collecting the information and the applicable
legislation, but we always strive to store the information only as
long as it is needed for the purposes of providing, improving or
personalizing our services.
SECURITY
Wonderful Games AG takes reasonable
measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or
against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to
store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating
environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee
the absolute security of that information during its transmission or
its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the
integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot
guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party
"hackers" from illegally obtaining access to this
information. We do not warrant or represent that your Account or any
of Your Information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or
alteration by third parties.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND THIRD
PARTY ADVERTS
Wonderful Games AG cannot be
responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites
even if you access them using links from the Games/Website, adverts
in the Games/Website or from adverts on a webpage when you are
playing the Game/are on the Website. Wonderful Games AG recommends
that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact its
owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions. In addition,
if you link to the Games from a third party site or via a social
network, Wonderful Games AG cannot be responsible for the privacy
policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party
site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site
and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or
questions.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
Wonderful Games AG GmbH reserves the
right, in its sole discretion, to change or modify this Privacy
Policy at any time by posting the changed or modified version of the
Privacy Policy on the Site. Any such changes or modifications will be
effective immediately upon posting. If we make any changes to this
Privacy Policy, we will change the Last Revised date above. Your
continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes
to this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT AND ACCESS TO PERSONAL
INFORMATION
If you have any questions, please
contact us at: info(at)wonderfulgames.com with the subject „Data
Protection Officer„ or write to us at Data Protection Officer,
Wonderful Games AG GmbH, Oberneuhofstr. 5, CH-6340 Baar, Switzerland.
We are committed to keep your
information accurate, complete and up to date. You can request that
we correct or delete the Information, provided that we are not
required to retain such information by law or for legitimate business
purposes. To make such request or ask us about this privacy statement
please send us an email to info(at)wonderfulgames.com or write to us
to the address written above. We may decline to process requests that
are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical
effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical,
or for which access is not otherwise required by local law.
Last updated on May 2018