Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Home
About
Privacy Policy
Home
About
Privacy Policy
About
Introduction
Masters Games  makes fun and exciting games for people of all ages. We at  Masters Games believe that privacy of our customers is an issue to be taken seriously. Thus we take great measures to respect and protect our users’ privacy. We believe that users have the right to know the personal information that is being collected. This document explains how we may collect some personal and non-personal information of our customers. In this document  Masters Games is referred to as ‘we’ and ‘company’, whereas users of our games are referred to as ‘users’ and ‘you’.
Consent
We would like to make it clear that by downloading, installing and using our games, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you also agree with the collection of the information mentioned in this document. You can always choose to not give this consent by deciding to not use our mobile games.
Collection and use of data
We collect non personal and personal information.
Non Personal Information
This is the anonymous information from which one cannot find out the identity of the user. Non personal information includes technical information, behavioral data and statistical data. This information is usually gathered by third party services during your usage of our games. They analyze your activities when you interact with our games. This information is used to do statistical research, measure traffic and make applications that are customized to your preferences.
We would like to make it clear that we may use other service providers according to our needs in the future, and those service providers will be notified to you through update of our privacy policy. Thus, you are advised to visit our privacy policy from time to time.
Personal Information
This is the kind of information that can identify you as an individual. We may collect directly or through third party services:
· the e-mail address of the user
· the user’s personal identifier, e.g. advertising identifier, device identifier (e.g. IP address), unique device identifier (UDID), and carrier user ID
· geo-location information from a GPS enabled device (if the user allowed it)
All of the above information is gathered by user’s consent, which is obtained by the acceptance of privacy policy. Purpose of this collection of information is to enhance user experience, provide users with customized content (ads and applications), allow user to use certain functionalities in the game (in app purchases) and make possible the availability of with ‘sign in with Facebook’ feature.
Cookies and Local Data
Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your device which enable applications to enable certain features. E.g. User preferences like muted sound of the game shall be stored locally on your device, frequency capping to make sure that if we decide to promote an app, we do not run the ad of the same game over and over again. We shall store and access such information to enhance your experience. Third party services might use session cookies (which are deleted once you close the app) or persistent cookies (which remain stored until the user clears the cookies). The data stored can be personal or non-personal. Most devices allow you to block and clear cookies. Thus if you have allowed cookies on your device, your local device storage might be used to store and access information
Sharing of Information
The user information that is stored by us, shall only be shared according to the following guidelines:
· If doing so is binding by law, such as following a court order, regulation, legal process or request by a government.
· To implement this privacy policy or finding out potential violations.
· To ensure detection and prevention of fraud and security threats.
· To negate the claims that content published under Creative Titan causes violation of a third party right.
· To make sure that the ads shown to you are relevant.
· To protect the rights and property of Masters Games, users or the general public.
· In case of a merger, acquisition or sale of the company, the change in ownership and usage of information shall be notified through our website.
Advertising
We work together with third party service providers to integrate ads (video interstitials, sticky ads, static interstitials and banners) into our games. These ads shall be displayed in our games. These service providers also track your interaction with the ads and the performance of the ads. This information may be personal and/or non-personal. This information is used by us in understanding the way our games are used by you, enhancing our marketing efforts and making games that are better customized for you. The third party service providers’ usage of this information is not covered in this privacy policy. We hereby also inform you that we shall advertise in our games, other games made by us.
Security
We take significant measures to ensure that our games and user information collected by us remains safe and there is no unauthorized access. We have used generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures in this regard. However, there are inherent risks in transmission of information on the internet and electronic storage of information, and we do not guarantee that no unauthorized access will take place.
Modification in Policy
We may decide to update our privacy policy at any time. So we encourage you to visit our policy to keep yourself up-to-date with it.
Feedback
For any questions, comments or suggestions contact us at lincoln.caogames@gmail.com We shall be glad to hear from you.
Home
About
Copyright © 2023 All rights reserved -
Privacy Policy
Powered By
SITE123
-
Create your own website
I BUILT MY SITE FOR FREE USING
CREATE YOUR WEBSITE