PRIVACY & POLICY – Next Hope Studios
Skip to content
Menu
HOME
PRODUCT & SERVICES
ABOUT US
PRIVACY & POLICY
CONTACT US
Next Hope Privacy Policy:
Next Hope Privacy Policy:
WE TAKE GREAT CARE OF YOUR PRIVACY
Privacy Policy:
Next Hope (“us”, “our” or “we”) is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, and data that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites(the “Sites”) or any Next Hope products’ game provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android) (collectively, the “Service(s)”). Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by us through your use of the Service. We are not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your information and data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
nexthopestudio1@gmail.com
with the information provided in the Contact Information of Data Controller section of this Policy.
​
Information and Data We Collect from You
We may collect the following information and data from you:
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Username
Profile information that you volunteer (such as profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to profiles on other social networking websites)
Automatically collected data (such as IP Address, your device’s operating system, browser type and language)
Mobile device identifiers (such as your unique device ID (persistent/non-persistent, hardware type, medial access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), and your device name
General location information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application
Precise-geo-location information from your mobile device (but only with your express consent)
Game data (such as your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files, your player ID)
If you choose to make a purchase through our Websites/Apps or Games, we will collect your credit card information and other billing information
If you choose to make use of any public forum, comment section, or chat function, we may collect any Personal Information you may disclose through such means
If you choose to send a message to another user or defined group of users through our message, chat, post or other in-game function, we may collect any Personal Information you may disclose through such means, as well as the necessary Personal Information of the user(s) you are contacting, in order to facilitate the communication (Note: we will never collect any information sent outside of the functionality of our Websites/Apps or Games, including through emails or text messages).
If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device.
We may collect precise geo-location information provided that, prior to doing so initially, you will either be informed of this practice or be prompted to allow or block this feature.  In the event you proceed with acquiring the Website/App or choose to allow this feature, you will be able to block it at any time thereafter by taking the appropriate steps in the Settings tab.
Some of our Websites/Apps or Games may read your device to determine what other apps have been installed and Non-Personal Information, such as your city and gender, may be inferred based on the identity of those apps.
If you choose to submit your Personal Information to us for any other reason in any other form, we will collect such Personal Information and use it for the purposes for which you submitted it.
We will not collect any Personal Information from you simply by virtue of your visiting our Website; we only collect it if you choose to submit it to us. We do, however, collect Non-Personal Information such as device IDs, IP addresses and other persistent identifiers, as well as Usage Data, whenever you use our Website/Apps or Games. Such Non-Personal Information is not combined with Personal Information unless you choose to submit Personal Information to us.
This app has access to:
view network connections
full network access
Information collected for the purposes of providing analytics
(“Analytics”)
We may collect technical information about your use of the Online Services through the use of tracking technologies and analytics.
Personal data we may collect includes the following:
your Device ID;
your user ID (which is generated by us and allocated to you when you first play our games);
your device operating system & version;
your device make and model;
game play attempts, progression and results;
session game time start, end and duration;
purchase transaction types and spend you have made using virtual items in the Games;
the country of your Device;
the time, date and install source of your first download (e.g. from a clicked advertisement);
advertisements viewed and clicked; and
identification of crashes and defects.
Tracking Technologies
We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a user’s computer/device and to “remember” things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service. Other Collection Practices The Sites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook and Twitter Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Sites. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. We may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a Social Network Service (such as your Facebook or Twitter friends) so that those contacts can be located in our games and/or you can invite them to join you in our games. Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee. You or the third party may contact us to request the removal of this information from our database to the extent our stores any of this information.
​
We may also acquire information from you through: (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2) your participation in surveys regarding the Service or (3) your participation in a sweepstakes or contest through the Service.
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes or contest through our Service. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these sweepstakes and contests are voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify winners and award prizes, to monitor traffic or personalize the Service. We may use a third party service provider to conduct these sweepstakes or contests; that company is prohibited from using your users’ personal information for any other purpose.
​
How We Use Your Information
Our primary goals in using information are to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct marketing and research and create reports for internal use.
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:
Create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
Identify and suggest connections with other users;
Operate and improve our Service;
Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Deliver advertising and marketing and promotional information to you;
Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Next Hope Games and our selected partners;
Enable you to communicate with other users; and
Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Website Services
While you are browsing the Sites, your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically. We may use this information to monitor, develop and analyze your use of the Service.
We may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses. We may use this information to create a user profile and provide you Services.
We may use your email address to contact you about your experience with the Sites and notify you about news and promotions. Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions.
​
Customer Service
We may use your email address when you contact our customer service group to contact you about your gaming experience with our games and notify you about news and promotions.
If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by emailing us with the contact information provided in this policy.
Your mailing address may be used if we have merchandise or other physical promotional materials that we want to send to you. If you no longer wish to receive these types of promotional materials, you may opt-out from receiving them at any time by emailing us with the contact information provided in this policy.
​
Third Party Services
Our Services may contain third party tracking and data collection and analytics tools from our service providers, examples of which include Unity Analytics, Facebook Analytics. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user and device related data and information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to and collect data and information about you, such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, IP address, application usage, access and session times, applications present on the device or in use at a particular time on the device, and your viewing of and interactions with advertising, for the purpose of providing their services, including, for example, enabling, providing and delivering advertising as described in further detail below..
The privacy policies of our service providers may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection and use practices and tracking technologies, and we encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and use practices, use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
Mobile Applications
When you use any of the Next Hope games or applications on a mobile platform, we may record certain information and data, such as your application usage, access, session times and in-app purchases, your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Twitter), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends and improve and optimize the Services and your user experience, and may also be utilized for other purposes, such as interest based advertising as described elsewhere in this Policy.
​
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the Next Hope’ games you are playing.
​
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
​
With only your express consent, we or our partners may collect your precise location based information (GPS) for the purpose of matching you with opponent players in your local area, to tailor content specific to your area (such as event announcements), to show your location to other players, and to match your device location to certain points of interest for purposes of interest based advertising as described elsewhere in this Policy. Other players in our game may then be able to see that you are available to play a game when you participate in specific areas of our games. Please note, participation in this part of the Service is not a requirement for all gameplay in our games, but it may be a requirement for example to participate in local gameplay with others in your area.
​
Advertising
We may feature advertisements in our games and elsewhere, both ourselves and with the help of our partners, and collect and use data and information about you and your device (including the presence of applications on the device or in use at a particular time on the device) in connection with such advertising, including your viewing of and interaction with any such advertising, in order to deliver, enable, target and optimize advertising and promotional information that is more relevant to you and is based on your game and device usage, online behaviour and interests (this is commonly referred to as online behavioural or interest based advertising). We and our partners may also use cookies or similar tracking technologies to track the content you access or your device location for purposes of interest based advertising. The privacy policies of our partners may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection and use practices and tracking technologies , and we encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and use practices, use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
​
Advertisers on mobile devices and our third party advertising and analytics partners sometimes collect and use Advertising IDs to enable and optimize advertising. Advertising IDs are non-permanent device identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple’s ID for advertising.
​
These advertisers and third party advertising and analytics partners may collect and use data and information about you, such as your Service session activity, viewing of and interaction with an advertisement, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address for the purposes of analyzing, tracking and measuring advertisement performance and to provide interest based advertising.
​
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser or third party advertiser or analytics partner.
​
Choices Regarding Ad Targeting and Data Use
You can exercise an opt-out for interest based advertising services on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android). If you would like to adjust your choices regarding the use of precise location data, you may also do so via your mobile device settings. Please note, you will still receive generic ads.
Finally, many of our partner’s that enable online behavioural or interest based advertising are members of one or more digital advertising industry self-regulatory programs.
​
How We May Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
Next Hope does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
Next Hope may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. Example of these services include analyzing data and providing customer support. These agents and service providers may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for our games. We may release your information as permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; investigate fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection. In certain situations, Next Hope may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities or for local law enforcement requirements. Next Hope may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or notice on our Sites of any change in ownership or users of your personal information. We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
​
Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Information
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our Services, you may correct, update, delete inaccuracies, or delete your personal information by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. We will respond to your access request within a reasonable timeframe.
​
Opting Out of Marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails by emailing us with the contact information provided in this policy. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
You may also opt-out of receiving SMS notifications from us by emailing us nexthopestudio1@gmail.com.
​
Advertising
By using our Website/Apps or Games, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests. Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be able to choose to prevent your device’s ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising or reset your device’s ad identifier by changing the settings of your device.
Your Rights
We ask that you keep the Personal Information that you provide to us current and that you correct any information you have provided us by contacting us at . You represent and warrant that all Personal Information you provide us is true and correct and relates to you and not to any other person.
If you wish to opt out of further communications from us, or if you wish to review, delete and/or revise the Personal Information we have stored about you, please contact us with your specific request at  ; provided, however, that we reserve the right to retain an archive of such Personal Information for a commercially reasonable time to ensure that its deletion does not affect the integrity of our data; and we further reserve the right to retain an anonymous version of such information.
If you have previously consented to our sharing of your Personal Information to third parties for any purpose, including direct marketing purposes, you may opt out at any time by contacting us at  and including “Opt Out of Disclosure” in the subject line.
If you wish to opt out of push notifications, select the Settings tab for the applicable Website/App or Game, and follow the necessary prompts to opt out of further push notifications.
You can decline to permit cookies or other tracking technologies, but in that case we cannot promise you that all Website/App or Games features will function properly as a result.
If you use the Websites/Apps or Games, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and for restricting access to your computer or device, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account.
Partnerships and External Sources
Our Websites/Apps or Games may link to external sites beyond our control. This privacy policy covers only the way we treat the Personal Information and Non-Personal Information we collect on our Websites/Apps or Games. By accessing any external sites, you are agreeing to the privacy policies of those sites. Please understand that the external sites may have different policies with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information. We have no control over and are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties. Therefore, you are encouraged to review the privacy policies of all third-party Websites/Apps or Games. Without limiting anything in the following section, we are not liable in any way for the actions, inactions or policies of any external services.
Security Safeguards
Next Hope takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
​
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
​
Websites/Apps or Games Security
It is entirely your choice whether or not you provide Personal Information to us. We and/or our third-party partners have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the Personal Information collected through the Websites/Apps or Games. We take or obligate applicable third parties to take, reasonable precautions to protect our customers’ Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by email and you do so at your own risk.
When we use third parties to assist us in processing your Personal Information or credit card information we take reasonable steps to require that they comply with this Privacy Policy and otherwise protect your Personal Information (including any credit card information).
If there is a breach of security involving your credit card information from our Websites/Apps, we will inform you immediately and take commercially reasonable steps to rectify such breach.
If you believe your Personal Information is being improperly used by us or any third party, please immediately notify us via email at .
nexthopestudio1@gmail.com
In the event you choose to establish an account with us, you should not share your login information with anyone.
Data Retention
We retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. We will also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Our Policy Regarding Children
​
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
​
International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of information to the Pakistan and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.
Changes to This Policy
​
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) , in-game or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
​
Contact Information of Data Controller
Next Hope, Pakistan
If you have any questions or concerns about our data privacy practices, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal information, please contact us at
nexthopestudio1@gmail.com
Third Party Dispute Resolution Service
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us.
Copyright © 2023 Next Hope Studios
–
OnePress
theme by FameThemes