Terms of Service
Yalla Parchis
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Virtual Items Policy
Copyright Policy
Community Guidelines
Privacy Policy
If you are a US resident, this
Privacy Policy
shall apply.
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the UK, this shall
Privacy
						Policy
apply.
If your residence is in another country, and not the US or EU, this shall
Privacy
						Policy
apply.
US Privacy Policy
(If you are a US resident)
Last updated:
July 2020
Welcome to Yalla Parchis (the "Platform"). The Platform is provided and controlled by Yalla
					Technology FZ-LLC. ("Yalla Parchis", "we" or "us"). We are committed to
					protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy covers the experience we provide for users age 9 and
					over on our Platform.
1. What information do we collect?
We collect information when you create an account and use the Platform, such as your contact details, content
					you create. We also collect information you share with us from third-party social network providers, and technical
					and behavioral information about your use of the Platform. We also collect information contained in the messages
					you send through our Platform.
Information you choose to provide
For certain activities, such as when you register, upload content to the Platform, or contact us directly, you
					may provide some or all of the following information:
Registration information, such as language, and phone number (only if you register with your phone number)
Profile information, such as name, social media account information, and profile image
Payment information, such as Apple and Google In-App-Purchase or other third-party payment information (where
						required for the purpose of payment)
Your opt-in choices and communication preferences
Information in correspondence you send to us
Information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges, sweepstakes.
Information we obtain from other sources
We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, if you choose to link or sign up using
					your social network (such as Facebook, Twitter), we may collect information from these third-party services,
					including your contact lists for these services and information relating to your use of the Platform in relation
					to these services.
We will also receive information about you (including age data and demographic information) from third parties
					(such as advertising networks and analytics providers) and from other sources, including business directories and
					other commercially or publicly available sources.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including your IP address,
					unique device identifiers, Cookies (as defined below), your mobile carrier, and mobile or device information
					including the model of your device, operating system, app and file names and types, and platform.
Usage Information
We collect information regarding your use of the Platform and any other User Content that you generate through
					and broadcast on our Platform.
Messages
We collect and process, which includes scanning and analyzing, information you provide in the context of
					composing, sending, or receiving messages through our Service's messaging functionality. That information includes
					the content of the message and information about when the message has been sent, received and/or read, as well as
					the participants of the communication. Please be aware that messages sent to other users of our Service will be
					accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or disclose
					messages.
Metadata
When you upload User Content, you automatically upload certain metadata that is connected to the User Content.
					Metadata describes other data and provides information about your User Content that will not always be evident to
					the viewer. In connection with your User Content the metadata can describe how, when, and by whom the piece of
					User Content was collected and how that content is formatted. It also includes information, such as your account
					name or user ID number, that enables other users to trace back the content to your user account. Additionally,
					metadata will consist of data that you chose to provide with the content, e.g. any hashtags used to mark keywords
					to the content and captions.
Buy Golds / Diamonds / Subscription Services
Your purchase will be made via Apple iTunes account, Google Play account or other authorised payment methods. We
					do not collect any financial or billing information from you in relation to such a transaction. Please review the
					relevant terms and notices in respect of the handling of such data. So that we can credit your account with the
					correct value in Golds, Diamonds and Subscribed Services, we keep a record of the purchases you make, the time at
					which you make those purchases and the amount spent. If you buy Golds or Diamonds via in-app purchases, please
					note the provisions of our Virtual Items Policy.
Cookies
We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies
					("Cookies") to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages you click on and
					how you use the Platform, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform. Cookies are small
					files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. To
					learn how to disable Cookies, see the "Your choices" section below.
2. How we use your information
We use your information to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service,
					to improve and administer the Platform, and to allow you to use its functionalities. We may also use your
					information to show you suggestions.
We generally use the information we collect:
to fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal
						operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to
						solicit your feedback
to customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services
						based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you liked or
						interacted with
to improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development
to help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform
to ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law)
to communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services
to announce you as a winner of our contest, sweepstakes, or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and
						to send you any applicable prizes
to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies
to inform our algorithms
to combine all the information, we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes
for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
3. How we share your information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the
					information we collect. We will share your information with the following selected third parties:
Authorized third-party vendors and service providers. We share your information with third-party vendors and
						service providers that help us perform our business operations, including research, payment processing and
						transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, contest administration, technology services, deliveries,
						analytics, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, marketing, and data
						processing.
Legal purposes.We may disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law
						enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests,
						safety, and security of Yalla Technology, our affiliates, users, or the public.
With your consent. We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the
						information or pursuant to your consent.
If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Twitter, to login to the Platform or to share information
					about your usage on the Platform with others, these third-party services may be able to collect information about
					you, including information about your activity on the Platform, and they may notify your connections on the
					third-party services about your use of the Platform, in accordance with their privacy policies.
If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, you should be aware that any information you
					share may be read, collected, or used by other users. You should use caution in disclosing personal information
					while engaging. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit.
4. Your Rights
You may submit a request to access or delete the information we have collected about you by sending your request
					to us at the email or physical address provided in the Contact section at the bottom of this policy. We will
					respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. And we do not
					discriminate based on the exercise of any privacy rights that you might have.
5. Your Choices
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is
						different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take
						additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers
						and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted
						advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control
						through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the
						particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each
						of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the
						Platform may no longer be available to you.Without this information, we are not able to provide you with all the
						requested services, and any differences in services are related to your information.
If you have registered for an account you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you
						have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
6. Security
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access,
					disclosure, alteration, and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data
					over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please note that
					information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us,
					and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.
7. Children
The Platform is not directed at children under the age of 13. If we become aware that personal information has
					been collected on the Platform from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information and terminate
					the person's account. If you believe that we have collected information from a child under the age of 13 on
					the Platform, please contact us at
[email protected]
8. California Residents
If you are a California resident, once a calendar year, you may be entitled to obtain information about
					personal information that we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If
					applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information, as well as the names and
					addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year.
					To request a notice, please submit your request to
[email protected]
.
Users of the Platform who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request and obtain removal
					of User Content they posted by emailing us at
[email protected]
. All
					requests must be labeled "California Removal Request" on the email subject line. All requests must provide a
					description of the User Content you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that
					User Content. We do not accept California Removal Requests via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. We are not
					responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, and we may not be able to respond if you do not
					provide adequate information. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of
					the material. For example, materials that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user or third
					party.
9. Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by
					updating the "Last Updated" date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy and
					providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time
					you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices.
10. Where we store your personal data
The personal data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at cloud server in Germany.
11. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to:
Yalla Technology. Address: P.O. Box 501913, DIC16, Dubai Internet City, UAE
Email Address:
[email protected]
Attention:
Privacy Policy
EEA and UK Privacy Policy
For users located in the EEA and the UK:
Last updated:
Julyl 2020
Welcome to Yalla Parchis (the "Platform"). The Platform is provided and controlled by Yalla
					Technology FZ-LLC("Yalla Parchis", "we" or "us").
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which we process
					any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us.If you have any further questions about how we
					use your personal data, please contact
[email protected]
.
1. The types of personal data we use
We collect and use the following information about you:
Your Profile Information. You give us information when you register on the Platform, including your username,
					date of birth, and/or telephone number (only if you register with your phone number), information you disclose in
					your user profile and your photograph.
User Content and Behavioural Information. We process the content you generate on the Platform, including
					preferences you set (such as choice of language), photographs and contents you upload and comments you make
					("User Content"). We collect information through surveys, challenges and competitions in which you
					participate. We also collect information regarding your use of the Platform, e.g. how you engage with the
					Platform, including how you interact with content we show to you, chatting rooms you entered and problems
					encountered, the content you like, the chatting room you 'Join' or 'Follow', the users you
					follow, your friends in the platform and other related information.
Information from Third Parties. You may choose to share certain data with us from third parties or through your
					use of the Platform, we may collect such third party data automatically. We have set out further detail on the
					information we receive from third parties, such as business partners. If you choose to register to use the
					Platform using your social network account details (e.g. Facebook, Twitter), you will provide us or allow your
					social network to provide us with your username and public profile. We will likewise share certain information
					with the relevant social network such as your app ID, access token and the referring URL. Please ensure you are
					using the information provided by a third-party service provider in compliance with the third-party's privacy
					policy.
Technical Information we collect about you. We automatically collect certain information from you when you use
					the Platform including when you are using the App without an account. Such information includes your IP address,
					browsing history, mobile carrier, time zone settings, and the version of the app you are using. We will also
					collect information regarding the device you are using to access the Platform such as the model of your device,
					the device system, network type, device ID, your screen resolution and operating system. Where you log-in from
					multiple devices, we will be able to use your profile information to identify your activity across devices.
Language. We use the 'Language' you select in Settings to customize your Yalla Parchis experience.
Buy Golds / Diamonds / Subscription Services Your purchase will be made via Apple iTunes account, Google Play
					account or other authorised payment methods. We do not collect any financial or billing information from you in
					relation to such a transaction. Please review the relevant terms and notices in respect of the handling of such
					data. So that we can credit your account with the correct value in Golds, Diamonds and Subscription Services, we
					keep a record of the purchases you make, the time at which you make those purchases and the amount spent. If you
					buy Golds or Diamonds via in-app purchases, please note the provisions of our Virtual
					Items Policy.
2. How we use your personal data
We will use the information we collect about you in the following ways, based on the legal grounds in bold
					below:
In accordance with, and to perform our contract with you, we will use your information to:
notify you about changes to our service;
provide you with user support;
enforce our terms, conditions and policies;
administer the Platform including troubleshooting;
personalise the content you receive and provide you with tailored content that will be of interest to you;
enable you to share User Content and interact with other users;
enable our messenger service to function;
enable you to participate in the activities in the Platform; and
communicate with you.
In order to comply with our legal obligations,we use your data to help us detect abuse, fraud and illegal
						activity on the Platform;
In accordance with our legitimate intereststo provide an effective and dynamic Platform, we will use your
						information to:
ensure your safety and security including reviewing user content, messages and associated metadata for
								breach of our Terms of Service and other inappropriate content;
ensure content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device;
carry out data analysis and test the Platform to ensure its stability and security;
allow you to participate in interactive features of the Platform;
to enable you to socialise on the Platform, for example, by allowing other users to identify you via the
								"Add Friends" function.
In order to provide our services to you, it is necessary that we collect your profile information, details of
					the Golds and diamonds you have purchased, and user content. You are not contractual or statutorily obliged to
					provide us with this information. We do, however, collect and use the information provided by you in accordance
					with the provisions of laws and contracts. If you fail to provide any information when requested, this may
					negatively impact the level of service we can offer to you.
We do not process your personal data in connection with automated decision-making (i
.e., making
automated individual decisions solely by automated means without any human involvement
),
					including profiling (i
.e., automated processing of personal data to evaluate certain things about you
).
3. How we share your personal data
We share your data with the following selected third parties:
Your Social Network Providers
If you choose to register to use the Platform using your social network account details (e.g. Facebook,
					Twitter), you will provide us or allow your social network to provide us with your username and public profile. We
					will likewise share certain information with the relevant social network such as your app ID, access token and the
					referring URL.
Where you opt to share content on social media platforms, the content, username and accompanying text will be
					shared on that platform or, in the case of sharing via instant messaging platforms such as Whatsapp, a link to the
					content will be shared.
Payment Providers
If you choose to Buy Golds and Diamonds, we will share data with the relevant payment
					provider to facilitate this transaction. We share a transaction ID to enable us to identify you and credit your
					account with the correct value in Golds and diamonds once you have made the payment.
Service Providers
We provide information and content to service providers who support our business, such as cloud service
					providers and providers of content moderation services to ensure that the Platform is a safe and enjoyable place.
Other third parties
We will also share your information, for the above purposes only, with any member of the enterprise group, a
					subsidiary, parent or affiliated company, in order to help improve and optimize the platform, to prevent the
					illegal use, increase the number of users, development, engineering and information analysis, or used in our
					internal business purposes.
We will also disclose your information to third parties:
If we choose to finance, merge or be acquired, in which case we may disclose your data to the potential
						investor or counterparty to the transaction; or
If we sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be in the transferred assets.
Law Enforcement
We will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organisations if
					legally required to do so, or based on our legitimate business interests if such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal obligation, process or request;
enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies,
						and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted
						by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud
						protection and credit risk reduction).
Public Profiles
Please note that the Platform DO NOT know your account information of your Facebook, Twitter, as these third
					parties only communicate via specific encrypted token with the Platform. And if you registered with phone number,
					you are the ONLY user to view it in the Platform.
Please note that your profile photo, country, username, level, rank and win rate is public, could be visible to
					anyone on the platform.
4. Where we store your personal data
The personal data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at cloud server in Germany.
5. Your Rights
You have the following rights:
The right to request (i) confirmation of whether we process your personal data and (ii) access to a copy of
						the personal data retained;
The right to request proper rectification or removal/erasure of your personal data or restriction of the
						processing of your personal data;
Where processing of your personal data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a
						contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the personal data
						concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your personal data
						transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible (data portability);
Where the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at any
						time without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal;
The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions, including profiling, which produces legal
						effects on you or similarly significantly affects you unless we have your consent, this is authorised by Union or
						Member State law or this is necessary for the performance of a contract with you;
The right to object to processing if we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate
						interest unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which may override your rights. If you object to
						such processing, we ask you to state the grounds of your objection in order for us to examine the processing of
						your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing;
The right to object to processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes;
The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator; and
Other rights granted by law and this policy.
Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to
					verify your identity or your account details.
Please send an e-mail to us if you would like to exercise any of your rights
[email protected]
6. The security of your personal data
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.
					Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our
					best to protect your personal data, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your
					information transmitted via the Platform.
We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk
					of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical
					and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
7. How long we keep your personal data
We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the service so that we can fulfil
					our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your
					information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business
					purpose in keeping such data. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for longer in
					accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal
					claims.
Subject to the circumstances described above, where we may be required to retain your personal data, after you
					have terminated your use of our Platform, we will only store your information in an aggregated and anonymised
					format. If you terminates their use of the platform but their data is required to be retained in non-anonymized /
					aggregated form for legal purposes or in connection with a claim etc., then Yalla Parchis will keep the data in
					identifiable form.
8. Information relating to children
Yalla Parchis is not directed at children under the age of 16. If you believe that we have personal data about
					or collected from a child under the relevant age, please contact us at
[email protected]
9. Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal data, please contact us in the
					first instance at
[email protected]
and we will endeavour to deal with
					your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with the relevant data
					protection authority.
10. Changes
We will generally notify all users of any material changes to this policy, through a notice provided via the
					Platform. However, you should look at this policy regularly to check for any changes. We will also update the
					"Last Updated" date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your
					continued access to or use of the Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the
					updated policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the Platform.
11. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to
[email protected]
Privacy Policy (outside US and EEA)
Applicable to users outside the EEA and the UK and the US
Last updated: Julyl 2020
Welcome to Yalla Parchis (the "Platform"). The Platform is provided and controlled by Yalla
					Technology FZ-LLC("Yalla Parchis", "we" or "us"). We are committed to
					protecting and respecting your privacy.
By accessing or using our website, services, applications, products and content (that include but are not
					limited to the Platform) (collectively, the "Services"), you acknowledge that you have read this
					policy and that you understand your rights in relation to your information and how we will collect, use and
					process it. If you do not agree with this policy in general or any part of it, you should not use our Services.
					Capitalized terms that are not defined in this policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms
					of Service.
If you have any questions about how we use your information please contact
[email protected]
.
1. The types of information we collect
We may collect and use the following information about you:
Information you give us. You give us information about you when you register for and/or use the Platform,
						including your name, social media login details, telephone number (only if you register with your phone number)
						and your photograph as well as your language selection. In addition, this category will include your profile, and
						account details, including but not limited to, your Apple, Google or any other third-party payment channel
						account where required for the purpose of paying. It also includes user-generated content, photographs and other
						content that you choose to upload on our Platform.
Information you choose to share from your social networks.If you choose to link your social network or public
						forum account (e.g. Facebook, Twitter) to the Platform, you will provide us or allow your social network to
						provide us with information from your social network or public forum accounts. This data will include information
						relating to your use of the Platform on such public forums and/or social networks. For further information as to
						how and for what purpose the social network provider processes your data, please see the relevant privacy
						policies of these social network providers.
Technical Information we collect about you. We automatically collect certain information from you when you use
						the Platform, including your IP address,or other unique device identifiers, your browsing history (including
						content you have viewed in the Platform), your mobile carrier, time zone setting, mobile or device information
						including the model of your device, your screen resolution, operating system and platform and information
						regarding your use of the Platform.
Behavioural information we collect about you:We also collect information regarding your use of the Services,
						e.g. content that you generate through and upload on our Platform. In addition, we link your subscriber
						information with your activity on our Platform across all your devices using your phone number or social media
						log-in details.
Information from third parties.We will also receive information from third parties (such as advertising
						networks and analytics providers) and from other sources, including business directories and other commercially
						or publicly available sources.
We collect and process (which includes scanning and analysing) information you provide, including any personal
						information, in the context of composing, sending, or receiving messages (that means the content as well as
						information about when the message has been sent, received and/or read and the participants of the communication)
						through our Service's messaging functionality. Please be aware that messages sent to other users of our Service
						will be accessible by those other users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use
						or disclose messages.
When you upload a content to the Platform ("User Content"), you automatically upload certain
						metadata that is connected to the User Content. In essence, metadata describes other data and provides
						information about your User Content that will not always be evident to the viewer. In connection with your
						content the metadata can describe how, when and by whom the piece of User Content was collected and how that
						content is formatted. It further includes information such as your account name or user ID number that enables
						other users to trace back the content to your user account. Metadata will further consist of additional data that
						you chose to provide with the content, e.g. any hashtags used to mark keywords to the content or comments.
Buy Golds/ Diamonds / Subscription Services. Your purchase will be made via Apple iTunes account, Google Play
						account or other authorised payment methods. We do not collect any financial or billing information from you in
						relation to such a transaction. Please review the relevant terms and notices in respect of the handling of such
						data. So that we can credit your account with the correct value in Golds, Diamonds and Subscription Services, we
						keep a record of the purchases you make, the time at which you make those purchases and the amount spent. If you
						buy Golds or Diamonds via in-app purchases, please note the provisions of our Virtual Items Policy.
CookieWe and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies
						("Cookies") to automatically collect information, measure and analyze which web pages you click on
						and how you use the Platform, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform. Cookies are small
						files which, when placed on your device, enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. You
						may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different,
						please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps
						to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps
						function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser
						and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device
						settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or
						device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device.
						If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be
						available to you.
2. Analytics information
On our Platform, we use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the
					Services. Traffic refers to the different data flows surrounding activities of the users on the Services. These
					tools, for example, collect information sent by your device or our Services, including the pages you visit,
					add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. The information will be used to report
					and evaluate your activities and patterns as a user of the Platform to provide services in accordance with these
					activities.
3. How we use your information
We will use the information we collect about you in the following ways:
to administer the Platform (i.e. to provide our Services to you) and for internal operations, including
					troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes (i.e. to guarantee the
					Platform's stability and security) and to solicit your feedback;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of the Platform, when you choose to do so;
to personalise the content you receive and provide you with tailored content that will be of interest to you;
to improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development;
to provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen, such as the content that is related
					to the country settings;
to allow other users to identify you via the "Add Friends" function as a user of the Service, to allow you to
					find other users and to connect with them on the Platform, and to support the socializing function of the
					Services;
to provide you with your profile information to send to anyone you choose and to enable you to participate on
					the Platform and interact with other users;
to enable our messenger service to function and you can choose to delete any information in this regard on your
					discretion via the clear cache function within the Platform's settings; and
to help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform;
to notify you about changes to our Services;
to communicate with you.
to provide you with user support;
to enforce our terms, conditions and policies.
4. How we share your information
We will share your information with the following selected third parties:
cloud storage providers to store the information you provide and for disaster recovery services, as well as
						for the performance of any contract we enter into with you;
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the optimisation and improvement of the Platform; and
IT service providers;
Our data center and the servers of our host providers.
We will also share your information with any member, subsidiary, parent, or affiliate of our corporate group,
					only for the purposes set out above, to assist in the improvement and optimisation of the Platform, in order to
					prevent illegal uses, increase user numbers, development, engineering and analysis of information or for our
					internal business purposes.
We will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organizations if
					legally required to do so, or if such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal obligation, process or request;
enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies,
						and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted
						by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud
						protection and credit risk reduction).
5. Your Rights
If you have registered for an account, you may access and update certain personal information that you have
					provided to us by logging into your online account and using the features and functionalities available there.
6. The security of your information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.
					Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our
					best to protect your information, for example, by encryption, we cannot guarantee the security of your information
					transmitted through the Platform.
We have appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk
					of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of you and other users. We maintain these technical
					and organizational measures and will amend them from time to time to improve the overall security of our systems.
Please note that the Platform DO NOT know your account information of your Facebook, Twitter, as these third
					parties only communicate via specific encrypted token with the Platform. And if you registered with phone number,
					you are the ONLY user to view it in the Platform.
Please note that your profile photo, country, username, level,rank and win rate is public, could be visible to
					anyone on the platform.
7. How long we keep your information
We use the following criteria to determine the period for which we will keep your information:
our contractual obligations and rights in relation to the information involved;
legal obligation(s) under applicable law(s) and regulations to retain data for a certain period of time;
statute of limitations under applicable law(s);
our legitimate business purposes; and
disputes or potential disputes.
After you have terminated your use of our Services, we can store your information in an aggregated and
					anonymised format. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we can also retain any personal information as reasonably
					necessary to comply with our legal obligations, allow us to resolve and litigate disputes, and to enforce our
					agreements.
8. Information relating to children
The Platform is not directed at children under the age of 13.If we find that personal information has been
					collected from people under the age of 13, we will delete that information and terminate that person's account.If
					the law of the user's residential area has special provisions for users over the age of 13 to use the platform and
					for the platform to collect the personal information of users over the age of 13, we will comply with the
					provisions of the local law.If you think we collect information about children under the age of 13 or that is
					prohibited by local law, please contact us at
[email protected]
9. Changes
We will generally notify all users of any material changes to this policy, through a notice on our Platform.
					However, you should look at this policy regularly to check for any changes. We will also update the "Last
					Updated" date at the top of this policy, which reflects the effective date of such policy. Your continued
					access to or use of the Services after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated
					policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the Services.
10. Where we store your personal data
The personal data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at cloud server in Germany.
11. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to:
Yalla Technology. Address: Attn: P.O. Box 501913, DIC16, Dubai Internet City, UAE
Email Address:
[email protected]
Attention:
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
If you are a US resident, this
Terms of Service
shall apply.
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the UK, this
Terms of
						Service
shall apply.
If your residence is in another country, and not the US or EU, this
Terms
						of Service
shall apply.
Terms of Service
(If you are a US resident)
Last updated: July 2020
1. Your Relationship With Us
Welcome to Yalla Parchis (the "Platform"), which is provided by Yalla Technology FZ-LLC in the United Arab
					Emirates (collectively such entities will be referred to as "Yalla Parchis", "we" or "us").
You are reading the Terms of Service (the "Terms"), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement
					between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our
					related websites, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the "Services"). Access to certain
					Services or features of the Services (such as, by way of example and not limitation, the ability to submit or
					share User Content (defined below)) may be subject to age restrictions and not available to all users of the
					Services. Our Services are provided for private, non-commercial use. For purposes of these Terms, "you" and "your"
					means you as the user of the Services.
The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully. If
					you are under age 13, you may only use the Services with the consent of your parent or legal guardian. Please be
					sure your parent or legal guardian has reviewed and discussed these Terms with you.
ARBITRATION NOTICE FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES: THESE TERMS CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A WAIVER OF
					RIGHTS TO BRING A CLASS ACTION AGAINST US. EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES MENTIONED IN THAT ARBITRATION
					CLAUSE, YOU AND YALLAPARCHIS AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, AND
					YOU AND YALLA PARCHIS WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
2. Accepting the Terms
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with Yalla Parchis, that
					you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of our Services is also
					subject to our Privacy Policy, Community Guidelines and Virtual Items Policy, the
					terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on
					your mobile device 's applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference. By using the Services, you
					consent to the terms of the Terms of Service.
If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) "you" and "your" includes
					you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the
					business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the
					entity 's behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of
					the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any
					employees, agents or contractors.
You can accept the Terms by accessing or using our Services. You understand and agree that we will treat your
					access or use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.
You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records.
3. Changes to the Terms
We amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of our Services, when we
					combine multiple apps or services operated by us or our affiliates into a single combined service or app, or when
					there are regulatory changes. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any
					material changes to these Terms, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look at the Terms
					regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the "Last Updated" date at the top of these Terms, which
					reflect the effective date of such Terms. Your continued access or use of the Services after the date of the new
					Terms constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop accessing
					or using the Services.
4. Your Account with Us
To access or use some of our Services, you must create an account with us. When you create this account, you
					must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your
					details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete.
It is important that you keep your account password confidential and that you do not disclose it to any third
					party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you can reset
					your password by receiving password recovery SMS via your registered phone number and promptly notify us at
[email protected]
(Yalla Parchis Support).
You agree that you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for the activity that occurs under your account.
We reserve the right to disable your user account at any time, including if you have failed to comply with any
					of the provisions of these Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or
					might cause damage to or impair the Services or infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any
					applicable laws or regulations.
If you no longer want to use our Services again, and would like your account deleted, we can take care of this
					for you. Please contact us via
[email protected]
, and we will provide
					you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Once you choose to delete your account, you will
					not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you have added.
5. Your Access to and Use of Our Services
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. You
					may not:
access or use the Services if you are not fully able and legally competent to agree to these Terms or are
						authorized to use the Services by your parent or legal guardian;
make unauthorised copies, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create any
						derivative works of the Services or any content included therein, including any files, tables or documentation
						(or any portion thereof) or determine or attempt to determine any source code, algorithms, methods or techniques
						embodied by the Services or any derivative works thereof;
distribute, license, transfer, or sell, in whole or in part, any of the Services or any derivative works
						thereof;
market, rent or lease the Services for a fee or charge, or use the Services to advertise or perform any
						commercial solicitation;
use the Services, without our express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including
						communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming;
interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services, disrupt our website or any
						networks connected to the Services, or bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the
						Services;
incorporate the Services or any portion thereof into any other program or product. In such case, we reserve
						the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or limit access to the Services in our sole discretion;
use automated scripts to collect information from or otherwise interact with the Services;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent you or your affiliation with any
						person or entity, including giving the impression that any content you upload, post, transmit, distribute or
						otherwise make available emanates from the Services;
intimidate or harass another, or promote sexually explicit material, violence or discrimination based on race,
						sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
use or attempt to use another 's account, service or system without authorisation from Yalla Parchis, or
						create a false identity on the Services;
use the Services in a manner that may create a conflict of interest or undermine the purposes of the Services,
						such as trading reviews with other users or writing or soliciting fake reviews;
use the Services to upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available in any way: files that
						contain viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful; any
						unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain
						letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other prohibited form of solicitation; any private information of any third
						party, including addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, number and feature in the personal identity document
						(e.g., National Insurance numbers, passport numbers) or credit card numbers;any material which does or may
						infringe any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or privacy rights of any other person;any
						material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, pornographic, hateful or inflammatory; any
						material that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, dangerous activities or
						self-harm; any material that is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonise people, especially trolling and
						bullying, or is intended to harass, harm, hurt, scare, distress, embarrass or upset people; any material that
						contains a threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence; any material that is racist or
						discriminatory, including discrimination on the basis of someone 's race, religion, age, gender, disability or
						sexuality; any answers, responses, comments, opinions, analysis or recommendations that you are not properly
						licensed or otherwise qualified to provide; or material that, in the sole judgment of Yalla Parchis, is
						objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Services, or which may expose Yalla
						Parchis, the Services or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to content at our
					discretion for any reason or no reason. Some of the reasons we may remove or disable access to content may include
					finding the content objectionable, in violation of these Terms, or otherwise harmful to the Services or our users.
					Our automated systems analyze your content to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized
					search results, and content recommendation. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is
					stored.
In addition to the above, your access to and use of the Services must, at all times, be compliant with our
					Community Guidelines.
We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to content at our
					discretion for any reason or no reason. Some of the reasons we may remove or disable access to content may include
					finding the content objectionable, in violation of these Terms or our Community Guidelines, or otherwise harmful
					to the Services or our users.
6. In-App Purchases and Subscription.
In-App Purchases. Yalla Parchis offers virtual items (defined in the "Virtual Items Policy"), which we call
					"Golds", "Diamonds" and additional Services for purchase through the App
					Store, Google Play or other application platforms ("in-app purchases"). When you make in-app purchases, you will
					be prompted to enter details for your account with the mobile platform you are using (e.g. Apple, Android,
					etc.)"your IAP Account"), and your IAP Account will be charged for the in-app purchase in accordance with the
					terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase as well as the general terms for in-app purchases that apply to
					your lAP Account, and bear applicable taxes. The price of the Golds, Diamonds and additional Services will be
					displayed at the point of purchase. All charges and payments will be made in the currency specified at the point
					of purchase through the relevant payment mechanism. Currency exchange settlements, foreign transaction fees and
					payment channel fees, if any, are based on your agreement with the applicable payment provider.
Subscription Tips. If you purchase an auto-recurring periodic subscription through an in-app purchase, your IAP
					Account will be billed continuously for the subscription until you cancel in accordance with the platform terms.
					In all cases, please refer to the terms of your application platform which apply to your in-app purchases. You
					agree to pay your subscription fee in advance of receiving any such Subscription Service. You are responsible for
					all charges incurred under your account. You agree that if you purchase Subscription Services through the
					Application Store, all payment related questions, issues, disagreements, and/or disputes shall be handled in
					accordance with the terms of service or other legal agreements that govern your use of a given payment processing
					service and/or method, and in no event will Yalla Parchis have any responsibility in connection with any of the
					foregoing.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24hours before the end of the
						current period;
Account will be charged for renewal within 24hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the
						cost of the renewal;
Subscriptions can be managed by the user:You can turn off automatic renewal after purchase through the
						application platform's "Subscription Management";
No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period.
Refunds. Unless otherwise specified in these Terms of Service or required under the applicable law in your
					jurisdiction, any Subscription Services and digital goods including Golds, Diamonds are not refundable after
					purchase.
7. Intellectual Property Rights
We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same. As a condition of your access to and use of
					the Services, you agree to the terms of the Copyright Policy.
8. Content
A. Yalla Parchis Content
As between you and Yalla Parchis, all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents,
					trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, music on and "look and feel" of the Services, and all
					intellectual property rights related thereto (the "Yalla Parchis Content"), are either owned or licensed by Yalla
					Parchis, it being understood that you or your licensors will own any User Content (as defined below) you upload or
					transmit through the Services. Use of the Yalla Parchis Content or materials on the Services for any purpose not
					expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited. Such content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced,
					distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose whatsoever
					without our or, where applicable, our licensors ' prior written consent. We and our licensors reserve all rights
					not expressly granted in and to their content.
You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from
					your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of Virtual Items
					(defined in the "Virtual Items Policy") and additional
					Services, and except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with
					us, you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge
					that, except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you
					(i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content or your use of any musical
					works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Services, including in any
					User Content created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain
					consideration from any User Content within the Services or on any third party service (e.g. , you cannot claim
					User Content that has been uploaded to a social media platform such as YouTube for monetization).
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited,
					non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services, including to
					download the Platform on a permitted device, and to access the Yalla Parchis Content solely for your personal,
					non-commercial use through your use of the Services and solely in compliance with these Terms. Yalla Parchis
					reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services and the Yalla Parchis Content. You acknowledge
					and agree that Yalla Parchis may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
NO RIGHTS ARE LICENSED WITH RESPECT TO SOUND RECORDINGS AND THE MUSICAL WORKS EMBODIED THEREIN THAT ARE MADE
					AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE.
You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you are doing so at
					your own risk. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount
					to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining
					from, any action on the basis of the content on our Services.
We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that any Yalla Parchis Content
					(including User Content) is accurate, complete or up to date. Where our Services contain links to other sites and
					resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over
					the contents of those sites or resources. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked
					websites or information you may obtain from them. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen,
					monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Services (including User Content).
B. User-Generated Content
Users of the Services may be permitted to upload, or transmit (such as via a stream) or otherwise make available
					content through the Services including, without limitation, any text, photographs ("User Content"). The views
					expressed by other users on the Services do not represent our views or values.
Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services
					(including via certain third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter), or to
					make contact with other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards set out at "Your Access to and
					Use of Our Services" above. You may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, including User Content
					that includes Yalla Parchis Elements, on sites or platforms hosted by third parties. If you decide to do this, you
					must comply with their content guidelines as well as with the standards set out at "Your Access to and Use of Our
					Services" above. As noted above, these features may not be available to all users of the Services, and we have no
					liability to you for limiting your right to certain features of the Services.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and
					indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer
					as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any User Content will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You must not post any User Content on
					or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
					When you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you own that User Content, or you
					have received all necessary permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the
					content to submit it to the Services, to transmit it from the Services to other third party platforms, and/or
					adopt any third party content.
If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such
					sound recordings, then you must not post such sound recordings to the Services unless you have all permissions,
					clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services.
You or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting User
					Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully
					transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish
					and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise other users of the Services and other third-parties to view,
					access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your User
					Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented.
You further grant us a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as
					the source of any of your User Content; provided, however, that your ability to provide an image, voice, and
					likeness may be subject to limitations due to age restrictions.
For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this Section include, but are not
					limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works
					embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the
					musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting us the right to use
					your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to, a
					sound recording copyright owner (e.g., a record label), a musical work copyright owner (e.g., a music publisher),
					a performing rights organization (e.g., ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a "PRO"), a sound recording PRO (e.g.,
					SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants involved in the
					creation of User Content.
Specific Rules for Musical Works and for Recording Artists. If you are a composer or author of a musical work
					and are affiliated with a PRO, then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through these
					Terms in your User Content to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO 's
					reporting obligations. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of
					such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in these Terms in your User Content or have
					such music publisher enter into these Terms with us. Just because you authored a musical work (e.g., wrote a song)
					does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in these Terms. If you are a recording artist under
					contract with a record label, then you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services is in
					compliance with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including if you create any new
					recordings through the Services that may be claimed by your label.
Through-To-The-Audience Rights. All of the rights you grant in your User Content in these Terms are provided on
					a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of third party services will not have any
					separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content posted or used on such third party service via
					the Services.
Waiver of Rights to User Content. By posting User Content to or through the Services, you waive any rights to
					prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also
					waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your
					User Content, or any portion thereof, unless privacy setting is applied when you post such content. To the extent
					any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral
					rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with
					respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Services.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted
					or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their
					right to privacy, and such disclosure will be pursuant to a legally binding court order.
We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit, your content at our or their sole
					discretion. We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Services if, in our
					opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out at "Your Access to and Use of Our
					Services"above. In addition, we have the right - but not the obligation - in our sole discretion to remove,
					disallow, block or delete any User Content (i) that we consider to violate these Terms, or (ii) in response to
					complaints from other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any liability to you. As a
					result, we recommend that you save copies of any User Content that you post to the Services on your personal
					device(s) in the event that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content. We
					do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no
					circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User Content.
We accept no liability in respect of any content submitted by users and published by us or by authorised third
					parties.
If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users, please contact us in Yalla
					Parchis APP Feedback in Settings or email to
[email protected]
.
					Before we can respond to your
					request, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
Yalla Parchis takes reasonable measures to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that
					we become aware of. It is Yalla Parchis 's policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable
					or terminate the accounts of users of the Services who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property
					rights of others.
While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride
					ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user
					community. If you choose to contribute by sending us or our employees any ideas for products, services, features,
					modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings, promotions, strategies, or
					product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials
					(collectively "Feedback"), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms
					will apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to us, you agree
					that:
Yalla Parchis has no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part
					of any Feedback for any reason;
Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and we are not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you
					send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and
You irrevocably grant us perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works
					of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make
					available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose
					and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling,
					offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback,
					whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.
9. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Yalla Parchis, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and
					each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors from any and all claims, liabilities,
					costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys ' fees and expenses, arising out of a breach by you
					or any user of your account of these Terms or arising out of a breach of your obligations, representation and
					warranties under these Terms.
10. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT YOU CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO ALTER OR WAIVE
					AND ARE LEGALLY ALWAYS ENTITLED TO AS A CONSUMER.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO THEM. IN
					PARTICULAR WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS;
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR;
ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; AND
DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE
						CORRECTED.
NO CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES OR OTHER TERMS (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED TERMS AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR
					PURPOSE OR CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION) APPLY TO THE SERVICES EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY ARE EXPRESSLY SET
					OUT IN THE TERMS. WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR PLATFORM
					FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR
					LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE
					NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS AND FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.
SUBJECT TO THE PARAGRAPH ABOVE, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:
(I) ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY);
(II) ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL;
(III) ANY LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY;
(IV) ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED BY YOU; OR
(V) ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU. ANY OTHER LOSS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE
						AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO YALLA PARCHISWITHIN THE LAST 12 MONTHS.
ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF:
ANY CHANGES WHICH WE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF
						THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES);
THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR
						TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES;
YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE US WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION; OR
YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ONLY PROVIDE OUR PLATFORM FOR DOMESTIC AND PRIVATE USE. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OUR PLATFORM
					FOR ANY COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES, AND WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS,
					LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.
IF DEFECTIVE DIGITAL CONTENT THAT WE HAVE SUPPLIED DAMAGES A DEVICE OR DIGITAL CONTENT BELONGING TO YOU AND THIS
					IS CAUSED BY OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL, WE WILL EITHER REPAIR THE DAMAGE OR PAY YOU
					COMPENSATION. HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGE THAT YOU COULD HAVE AVOIDED BY FOLLOWING OUR ADVICE TO
					APPLY AN UPDATE OFFERED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE OR FOR DAMAGE THAT WAS CAUSED BY YOU FAILING TO CORRECTLY FOLLOW
					INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS OR TO HAVE IN PLACE THE MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ADVISED BY US.
THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN
					AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MOBILE CHARGES THAT MAY APPLY TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICE, INCLUDING TEXT-MESSAGING
					AND DATA CHARGES. IF YOU 'RE UNSURE WHAT THOSE CHARGES MAY BE, YOU SHOULD ASK YOUR SERVICE PROVIDER BEFORE USING
					THE SERVICE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE
					SERVICES, INCLUDING, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE AND NOT LIMITATION, ANY CARRIER, COPYRIGHT OWNER OR OTHER USER, IS DIRECTLY
					BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE US AND OUR AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS,
					DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
					ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.
12. Other Terms
Entire Agreement. These Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between you and Yalla Parchis and govern your
					use of the Services and completely replace any prior agreements between you and Yalla Parchis in relation to the
					Services.
Links. You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our
					reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of
					association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Services
					in any website that is not owned by you. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the
					content standards set out at "Your Access to and Use of Our Services" above. We reserve the right to withdraw
					linking permission without notice.
No Waiver. Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver
					of any provision or right.
Security. We do not guarantee that our Services will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible
					for configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform to access our Services. You should use
					your own virus protection software.
Severability. If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of
					these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the
					Terms, and the remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. This Section includes an arbitration agreement and an agreement that all
					claims will be brought only in an individual capacity (and not as a class action or other representative
					proceeding). Please read it carefully. You may opt out of the arbitration agreement by following the opt out
					procedure described below.
Informal Process First. You agree that in the event of any dispute between you and Yalla Parchis, you will first
					contact Yalla Parchis and make a good faith sustained effort to resolve the dispute before resorting to more
					formal means of resolution, including without limitation any court action.
Arbitration Agreement. After the informal dispute resolution process any remaining dispute, controversy, or
					claim (collectively, "Claim") relating in any way to your use of Yalla Parchis 's services and/or products,
					including the Services, or relating in any way to the communications between you and Yalla Parchis or any other
					user of the Services, will be finally resolved by binding arbitration. This mandatory arbitration agreement
					applies equally to you and Yalla Parchis. However, this arbitration agreement does not (a) govern any Claim by
					Yalla Parchis for infringement of its intellectual property or access to the Services that is unauthorized or
					exceeds authorization granted in these Terms or (b) bar you from making use of applicable small claims court
					procedures in appropriate cases. If you are an individual you may opt out of this arbitration agreement within
					thirty (30) days of the first of the date you access or use this Services by following the procedure described
					below.
You agree that the Dubai International Arbitration Centre governs the interpretation and enforcement of this
					provision, and that you and Yalla Parchis are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a
					class action. This arbitration provision will survive any termination of these Terms.
If you wish to begin an arbitration proceeding, after following the informal dispute resolution procedure, you
					must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to:
Yalla Technology.
Address: P.O. Box 501913, DIC16, Dubai Internet City, UAE
Email Address:
[email protected]
Attention: Arbitration
If you do not want to arbitrate disputes with Yalla Parchis and you are an individual, you may opt out of this
					arbitration agreement by sending an email to
[email protected]
within
					thirty (30) days of the first of the date you access or use the Services.
Class Action Waiver. Any Claim must be brought in the respective party 's individual capacity, and not as a
					plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, representative, multiple plaintiff, or similar
					proceeding ("Class Action"). The parties expressly waive any ability to maintain any Class Action in any forum. If
					the Claim is subject to arbitration, the arbitrator will not have authority to combine or aggregate similar claims
					or conduct any Class Action nor make an award to any person or entity not a party to the arbitration. Any claim
					that all or part of this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, unconscionable, void, or voidable may be determined
					only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The parties understand that any right to
					litigate in court, to have a judge or jury decide their case, or to be a party to a class or representative
					action, is waived, and that any claims must be decided individually, through arbitration.
If this class action waiver is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of the Arbitration Agreement, if
					otherwise effective, will be null and void. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in
					favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that
					party's individual claim. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, you and Yalla
					Parchis each waive any right to a jury trial.
If a counter-notice is received by Yalla 's Copyright Agent, we may send a copy of the counter-notice to the
					original complaining party informing that person that we may replace the removed content or cease disabling it.
					Unless the original complaining party files an action seeking a court order against the Content Provider, member
					or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in ten business days or more after receipt
					of the counter-notice, at Yalla Parchis 's sole discretion.
Please understand that filing a counter-notification may lead to legal proceedings between you and the
					complaining party to determine ownership. Be aware that there may be adverse legal consequences in your country if
					you make a false or bad faith allegation by using this process.
California Consumer Rights Notice. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Services
					receive the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer
					Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at the contact information
					set forth at
https://www.dca.ca.gov/about_us/contactus.shtml
.
Users of the Services who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request and obtain removal
					of User Content they posted by emailing us at
[email protected]
. All
					requests must be labeled "California Removal Request" on the email subject line. All requests must provide a
					description of the User Content you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that
					User Content. We do not accept California Removal Requests via postal mail, telephone or facsimile. We are not
					responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, and we may not be able to respond if you do not
					provide adequate information.
Exports. You agree that you will not export or re-export, directly or indirectly the Services and/or other
					information or materials provided by Yalla Parchis hereunder, to any country for which the United States or any
					other relevant jurisdiction requires any export license or other governmental approval at the time of export
					without first obtaining such license or approval. In particular, but without limitation, the Services may not be
					exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or any country that has been designated by the U.S.
					Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, or (b) to anyone listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited
					or restricted parties, including the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
					Department of Commerce Denied Person 's List or Entity List.
U.S. Government Restricted Rights. The Services and related documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term
					is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer
					Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as
					applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as
					applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to
					U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other
					end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.
App Stores
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following supplemental terms shall apply when accessing the
					Platform through specific devices:
Notice regarding Apple.
By downloading the Platform from a device made by Apple, Inc. ("Apple") or from Apple 's App Store, you
					specifically acknowledge and agree that:
These Terms between Yalla Parchisand you; Apple is not a party to these Terms.
The license granted to you hereunder is limited to a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right
						to install the Platform on the Apple device(s) authorised by Apple that you own or control for personal,
						non-commercial use, subject to the Usage Rules set forth in Apple 's App Store Terms of Services.
Apple is not responsible for the Platform or the content thereof and has no obligation whatsoever to furnish
						any maintenance or support services with respect to the Platform.
In the event of any failure of the Platform to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and
						Apple will refund the purchase price for the Platform, if any, to you. To the maximum extent permitted by
						applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or a third party relating to the Platform or your
						possession or use of the Platform, including without limitation (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that
						the Platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under
						consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the Platform or your possession and use of the Platform infringes
						such third party 's intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defence,
						settlement or discharge of such intellectual property infringement claim.
You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government
						embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and (b) you are
						not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and upon your acceptance of the terms
						and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to
						enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary hereof.
Yalla Parchis expressly authorises use of the Platform by multiple users through the Family Sharing or any
					similar functionality provided by Apple.
Google Play.
By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or its successors) operated by Google, Inc. or one of its
					affiliates ("Google"), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Services and the Google Play Business and
						Program Policies or such other terms which Google designates as default end user license terms for Google Play
						(all of which together are referred to as the "Google Play Terms"), and (b) the other terms and conditions in
						these Terms, the Google Play Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from
						Google Play, and
you hereby acknowledge that Google does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or
					non-compliance by Yalla Parchis or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Google Play Terms.
Contact Us.
You can reach us at
[email protected]
or write to us at
Yalla Technology. Address: P.O. Box 501913, DIC16, Dubai Internet City, UAE
Terms of Service
(If you are a user having your usual residence in the EEA and the UK)
Last updated: July 2020
1. Your Relationship With Us
Welcome to Yalla Parchis (the "Platform"), which is provided by Yalla Technology FZ-LLC, with registered office
					at P.O. Box 501913, DIC16, Dubai Internet City, UAE, or one of our affiliates that may be specified in the
					Supplemental Terms - Jurisdiction-Specific below to the extent you access the Services from a specific
					jurisdiction (collectively such entities will be referred to as "Yalla Parchis", "we" or "us").
You are reading the Terms of Service (the "Terms"), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement
					between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our
					related websites, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the "Services"). Our Services are
					provided for private, non-commercial use. For purposes of these Terms, "you" and "your" means you as the user of
					the Services.
The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully.
2. Accepting the Terms
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with Yalla Parchis, that
					you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of our Services is also
					subject to our Privacy Policy, Community Guidelines and Virtual Items Policy, the
					terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on
					your mobile device 's applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference.
If you access or use the Services from within a jurisdiction for which there are separate supplemental terms,
					you also hereby agree to the supplemental terms applicable to users in each jurisdiction as outlined below, and in
					the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms - Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant
					to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the Services, and the rest of these Terms, the relevant
					jurisdictions ' Supplemental Terms - Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control. If you do not agree to
					these Terms, you must not access or use our Services.
If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) "you" and "your" includes
					you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the
					business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the
					entity 's behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of
					the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any
					employees, agents or contractors.
You can accept the Terms by accessing or using our Services. You understand and agree that we will treat your
					access or use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.
You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records.
3. Changes to the Terms
We amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of our Services, when we
					combine multiple apps or services operated by us or our affiliates into a single combined service or app, or when
					there are regulatory changes. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide reasonable notice to all
					users of any material changes to these Terms, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look
					at the Terms regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the "Last Updated" date at the top of these
					Terms, which reflect the effective date of such Terms. Your continued access or use of the Services after the date
					of the new Terms constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop
					accessing or using the Services.
4. Your Account with Us
To access or use some of our Services, you must create an account with us. When you create this account, you
					must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your
					details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete.
It is important that you keep your account password confidential and that you do not disclose it to any third
					party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you can reset
					your password by receiving password recovery SMS via your registered phone number and promptly notify us at
[email protected]
.
You agree that you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for the activity that occurs under your account.
We reserve the right to disable your user account at any time, including if in our reasonable opinion you have
					failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our
					sole discretion, would or might cause damage to or impair the Services or infringe or violate any third party
					rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.
If you no longer want to use our Services again, and would like your account deleted, we can take care of this
					for you. Please contact us via
[email protected]
, and we will provide
					you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Please be minded that once you choose to delete
					your account, you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you
					have added.
5. Your use of our services
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. You
					may not:
access or use the Services if you are not over 16 or otherwise able to agree to these Terms;
to the greatest extent permitted under applicable law, make unauthorised copies, modify, adapt, translate,
						reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create any derivative works based on the Services, including any
						files, tables or documentation (or any portion thereof) or determine or attempt to determine any source code,
						algorithms, methods or techniques embodied the Platform or any derivative works thereof;
distribute, license, transfer, or sell, in whole or in part, any of the Services or any derivative works
						thereof;
market, rent or lease the Services for a fee or charge, or use the Platform to advertise or perform any
						commercial solicitation; use the Services, without our express written consent, for any commercial or
						unauthorized purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or
						spamming;
interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services, disrupt our website or any
						networks connected to the Services, or bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the
						Services;
incorporate the Platform or any portion thereof into any other program or product. In such case, we reserve
						the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or limit access to the Services in our sole discretion;
use automated scripts to collect information from or otherwise interact with the Services;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent you or your affiliation with any
						person or entity, including giving the impression that any content you upload, post, transmit, distribute or
						otherwise make available emanates from the Services;
intimidate or harass another, or promote sexually explicit material, violence or discrimination based on race,
						sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
use or attempt to use another 's account, service or system without authorisation from Yalla Parchis, or
						create a false identity on the Services;
use the Services in a manner that may create a conflict of interest or undermine the purposes of the Services,
						such as trading reviews with other users or writing or soliciting shill reviews;
use the Services to upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available in any way: files that
						contain viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful; any
						unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain
						letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other prohibited form of solicitation; any private information of any third
						party, including addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, number and feature in the personal identity document
						(e.g., National Insurance numbers, passport numbers) or credit card numbers; any material which does or may
						infringe any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property or privacy rights of any other person; any
						material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, pornographic, hateful or inflammatory; any
						material that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, dangerous activities or
						self-harm; any material that is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonise people, especially trolling and
						bullying, or is intended to harass, harm, hurt, scare, distress, embarrass or upset people;any material that
						contains a threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence;any material that is racist or
						discriminatory, including discrimination on the basis of someone 's race, religion, age, gender, disability or
						sexuality;any answers, responses, comments, opinions, analysis or recommendations that you are not properly
						licensed or otherwise qualified to provide;material that, in the sole judgment of Yalla, is objectionable or
						which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Services, or which may expose Yalla Parchis, the
						Services or its users to any harm or liability of any type; or
In addition to the above, your access to and use of the Services must, at all times, be compliant with our
						Community Guidelines.
We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to content at our
					discretion for any reason or no reason. Some of the reasons we may remove or disable access to content may include
					finding the content objectionable, in violation of these Terms, or our Community Guidelines, or otherwise harmful
					to the Services or our users.
6. In-App Purchases.
In-App Purchases. Yalla Parchis offers virtual items (defined in the "Virtual Items Policy"), which we call
					"Golds", "Diamonds" and additional Services for purchase through the App
					Store, Google Play or other application platforms ("in-app purchases"). When you make in-app purchases, you will
					be prompted to enter details for your account with the mobile platform you are using (e.g. Apple, Android,
					etc.)"your IAP Account"), and your IAP Account will be charged for the in-app purchase in accordance with the
					terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase as well as the general terms for in-app purchases that apply to
					your lAP Account, and bear applicable taxes. The price of the Golds, Diamonds and additional Services will be
					displayed at the point of purchase. All charges and payments will be made in the currency specified at the point
					of purchase through the relevant payment mechanism. Currency exchange settlements, foreign transaction fees and
					payment channel fees, if any, are based on your agreement with the applicable payment provider.
Subscription Tips. If you purchase an auto-recurring periodic subscription through an in-app purchase, your IAP
					Account will be billed continuously for the subscription until you cancel in accordance with the platform terms.
					In all cases, please refer to the terms of your application platform which apply to your in-app purchases. You
					agree to pay your subscription fee in advance of receiving any such Subscription Service. You are responsible for
					all charges incurred under your account. You agree that if you purchase Subscription Services through the
					Application Store, all payment related questions, issues, disagreements, and/or disputes shall be handled in
					accordance with the terms of service or other legal agreements that govern your use of a given payment processing
					service and/or method, and in no event will Yalla Parchis have any responsibility in connection with any of the
					foregoing.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24hours before the end of the
						current period;
Account will be charged for renewal within 24hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the
						cost of the renewal;
Subscriptions can be managed by the user:You can turn off automatic renewal after purchase through the
						application platform's "Subscription Management";
No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period.
Refunds. Unless otherwise specified in these Terms of Service or required under the applicable law in your
					jurisdiction, any Subscription Services and digital goods including Golds, Diamonds are not refundable after
					purchase.
7. Intellectual Property Rights
We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same. As a condition of your access to and use of
					the Services, you agree not to use the Services to infringe on any intellectual property rights, for example, you
					must not upload any content owned by anyone else to the Platform. We reserve the right, with or without notice, at
					any time and in our sole discretion to block access to and/or terminate the accounts of any user who infringes or
					is alleged to infringe any copyrights or other intellectual property rights.
8. Content
Yalla Parchis Content
As between you and Yalla Parchis, all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos,
						patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, music on and "look and feel" of the Services,
						and all intellectual property rights related thereto (the "Yalla ParchisContent"), are either owned or licensed
						by Yalla Parchis, it being understood that you or your licensors will own any User Content you upload or transmit
						through the Services. Use of the Yalla Parchis Content or materials on the Services for any purpose not expressly
						permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited. Such content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced,
						distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose whatsoever
						without our or, where applicable, our licensors ' prior written consent. We and our licensors reserve all rights
						not expressly granted in and to their content.
You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value
						from your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through Virtual Items (defined in
						the " Virtual Items Policy ") and additional Services, and
						except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you will
						have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge that, except as
						specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you (i) have no right
						to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content or your use of any musical works, sound
						recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Services, including in any User Content
						created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain consideration from any
						User Content within the Services or on any third party service (e.g. , you cannot claim User Content that has
						been uploaded to a social media platform such as YouTube for monetization).
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited,
						non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services, including to
						download the Platform on a permitted device, and to access the Yalla ParchisContent solely for your personal,
						non-commercial use through your use of the Services and solely in compliance with these Terms. Yalla Parchis
						reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services and the Yalla Parchis You acknowledge and agree
						that Yalla Parchis may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
NO RIGHTS ARE LICENSED WITH RESPECT TO SOUND RECORDINGS AND THE MUSICAL WORKS EMBODIED THEREIN THAT ARE MADE
						AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE.
You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you are doing so at
						your own risk. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount
						to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or
						refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Services.
We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that any Yalla
						ParchisContent (including User Content) is accurate, complete or up to date. Where our Services contain links to
						other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have
						no control over the contents of those sites or resources. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us
						of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to
						pre-screen, monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Platform (including User
						Content).
User-Generated Content
Users of the Services may be permitted to upload,or transmit (such as via a stream) or otherwise make
						available content through the Services
.
The views expressed
						by other users on the Services do not represent our views or values.
Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services
						(including via certain third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter), or to
						make contact with other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards set out at Section 5 above. You
						may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, including User Content that includes Yalla
						ParchisElements, on sites or platforms hosted by third parties. If you decide to do this, you must comply with
						their content guidelines as well as with the standards set out in this Section 7 above.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and
						indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer
						as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any User Content will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You must not post any User Content
						on or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or
						proprietary. When you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you own that User
						Content, or you have received all necessary permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any
						part of the content to submit it to the Services, to transmit it from the Services to other third party
						platforms, and/or adopt any third party content.
If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in
						such sound recordings, then you must not post such sound recordings to the Services unless you have all
						permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the
						Services .
You or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting
						User Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free,
						fully transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of,
						publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise others users of the Services and other third-parties
						to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your
						User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented
You further grant us a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you
						as the source of any of your User Content.
For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this Section include, but are
						not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works
						embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the
						musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting us the right to
						Use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to,
						a sound recording copyright owner ( e.g. , a record label), a musical work copyright owner ( e.g. , a music
						publisher), a performing rights organization ( e.g. , ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a " PRO "), a sound recording PRO
						(e.g. , SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants involved in
						the creation of User Content.
Specific Rules for Musical Works and for Recording Artists .If you are a composer or author of a musical work
						and are affiliated with a PRO, then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through these
						Terms in your User Content to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO
						's reporting obligations. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent
						of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in these Terms in your User Content or
						have such music publisher enter into these Terms with us. Just because you authored a musical work ( e.g. , wrote
						a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in these Terms. If you are a recording artist
						under contract with a record label, then you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services is
						in compliance with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including if you create any new
						recordings through the Services that may be claimed by your label.
Through-To-The-Audience Rights. All of the rights you grant in your User Content in these Terms are provided on
					a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of third party services will not have any
					separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content posted or used on such third party service via
					the Services.
Waiver of Rights to User Content. By posting User Content to or through the Services, you waive any rights to
					prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also
					waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your
					User Content, or any portion thereof, unless privacy setting is applied when you post such content. To the extent
					any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral
					rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with
					respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Services.
In certain circumstances, we also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming
					that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual
					property rights, or of their right to privacy, and such disclosure will be pursuant to a legally binding court
					order.
We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit , your content at our or their sole
					discretion. We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Platform if, in our
					opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out at Section 5 (Your Use of Our Services)
					above. In addition, we have the right - but not the obligation - in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block
					or delete any User Content (i) that we consider to violate these Terms, or (ii) in response to complaints from
					other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any liability to you. As a result, we recommend
					that you save copies of any User Content that you post to the Services on your personal device(s) in the event
					that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content. We do not guarantee the
					accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will we be liable
					in any way for any User Content.
You control whether your User Content is made publicly available on the Services to all other users of the
					Services or only available to people you approve. To change the default access setting for how your User Content
					is made available to other users, you should select the privacy setting available within the Apps.
We accept no liability in respect of any content submitted by users and published by us or by authorised third
					parties.
If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users, please contact us in Yalla
					Parchis APP Feedback in Settings or email to
[email protected]
,
					or write to us at
Yalla Technology.
Address: P.O. Box 501913, DIC16, Dubai Internet City, UAE
Before we can respond to your request, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
Yalla Parchis takes reasonable measures to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that
					we become aware of. It is Yalla Parchis 's policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable
					or terminate the accounts of users of the Services who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property
					rights of others.
While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride
					ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user
					community. If you choose to contribute by sending us or our employees any ideas for products, services, features,
					modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings, promotions, strategies, or
					product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials
					(collectively " Feedback "), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms
					will apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to us, you agree
					that:
we have no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any
						Feedback for any reason;
Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and we are not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you
						send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way;
and You irrevocably grant us perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative
						works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public,
						make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any
						purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using,
						selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody
						Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.
9. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Yalla Parchis, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and
					each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors from any and all claims, liabilities,
					costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys ' fees and expenses, arising out of a breach by you
					or any user of your account of these Terms or arising out of a breach of your obligations, representation and
					warranties under these Terms.
10. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT YOU CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO ALTER OR WAIVE
					AND ARE LEGALLY ALWAYS ENTITLED TO AS A CONSUMER.
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO THEM. IN
					PARTICULAR WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS;
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR;
ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; AND
DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE
						CORRECTED.
NO CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES OR OTHER TERMS (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED TERMS AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR
					PURPOSE OR CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION) APPLY TO THE SERVICES EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY ARE EXPRESSLY SET
					OUT IN THE TERMS. WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR PLATFORM
					FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR
					LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE
					NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS AND FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.
SUBJECT TO THE PARAGRAPH ABOVE, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:(I) ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED
					DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY); (II) ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL; (III) ANY LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY; (IV) ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED
					BY YOU; OR (V) ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU. ANY OTHER LOSS WILL BE LIMITED
					TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO Yalla Parchis WITHIN THE LAST 12 MONTHS.ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY
					YOU AS A RESULT OF: ANY CHANGES WHICH WE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN
					THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES);THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO
					STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE
					SERVICES;YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE US WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION; ORYOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR
					ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ONLY PROVIDE OUR PLATFORM FOR DOMESTIC AND PRIVATE USE. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OUR PLATFORM
					FOR ANY COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES, AND WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS,
					LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.
IF DEFECTIVE DIGITAL CONTENT THAT WE HAVE SUPPLIED DAMAGES A DEVICE OR DIGITAL CONTENT BELONGING TO YOU AND THIS
					IS CAUSED BY OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL, WE WILL EITHER REPAIR THE DAMAGE OR PAY YOU
					COMPENSATION. HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGE THAT YOU COULD HAVE AVOIDED BY FOLLOWING OUR ADVICE TO
					APPLY AN UPDATE OFFERED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE OR FOR DAMAGE THAT WAS CAUSED BY YOU FAILING TO CORRECTLY FOLLOW
					INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS OR TO HAVE IN PLACE THE MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ADVISED BY US.
THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN
					AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MOBILE CHARGES THAT MAY APPLY TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICE, INCLUDING TEXT-MESSAGING
					AND DATA CHARGES. IF YOU 'RE UNSURE WHAT THOSE CHARGES MAY BE, YOU SHOULD ASK YOUR SERVICE PROVIDER BEFORE USING
					THE SERVICE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE
					SERVICES, INCLUDING, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE AND NOT LIMITATION, ANY CARRIER, COPYRIGHT OWNER OR OTHER USER, IS DIRECTLY
					BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE US AND OUR AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS,
					DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
					ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.
12. Other Terms
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction for users in the European Union
. These Terms, their subject
					matter and their formation, are governed by the laws of United Arab Emirates subject only to any mandatory
					provisions of consumer law in the country in which you reside. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
					International Sale of Goods as well as any other similar law, regulation or statute in effect in any other
					jurisdiction shall not apply. You and Yalla Parchis irrevocably agree that the courts of the country in which you
					reside shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or
					claims) arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or its subject matter or formation. Alternatively, you
					may raise the dispute with an alternative dispute resolution body via the
Entire Agreement.These Terms (including the Supplemental Terms below) constitute the whole legal agreement
						between you and Yalla Parchis and govern your use of the Services and completely replace any prior agreements
						between you and Yalla Parchis in relation to the Services.
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our
						reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of
						association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Platform
						in any website that is not owned by you. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with
						the content standards set out at Section 5 (Your Use of Our Services) above. We reserve the right to withdraw
						linking permission without notice.
Age Limit. The Platform is only for people 16 years old and over unless they have the consent of a parent or
						legal guardian. By using the Platform, you confirm that you are over the relevant age specified above. If we
						learn that someone under the relevant age specified above is using the Platform, we will terminate that user 's
						account. In addition, if you are under the relevant age specified above, you confirm that you possess legal
						parental or guardian consent for accessing or using the Platform, and are fully able and competent to enter into,
						abide by, and comply with the Terms
No Waiver. Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a
						waiver of any provision or right.
We do not guarantee that our Platform will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for
						configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform to access our Platform. You should use
						your own virus protection software.
If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is
						invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms, and the
						remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
Any Questions? Get in touch at
[email protected]
.
Supplemental Terms - App Stores
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following supplemental terms shall apply:
Notice regarding Apple. By accessing the Platform through a device made by Apple, Inc. ("Apple"), you
					specifically acknowledge and agree that:
These Terms between Yalla Parchisand you; Apple is not a party to these Terms.
The license granted to you hereunder is limited to a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right
						to install the Platform on the Apple device(s) authorised by Apple that you own or control for personal,
						non-commercial use, subject to the Usage Rules set forth in Apple 's App Store Terms of Services.
Apple is not responsible for the Platform or the content thereof and has no obligation whatsoever to furnish
						any maintenance or support services with respect to the Platform.
In the event of any failure of the Platform to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and
						Apple will refund the purchase price for the Platform, if any, to you. To the maximum extent permitted by
						applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or a third party relating to the Platform or your
						possession or use of the Platform, including without limitation (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that
						the Platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under
						consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the Platform or your possession and use of the Platform infringes
						such third party 's intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defence,
						settlement or discharge of such intellectual property infringement claim.
You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government
						embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and (b) you are
						not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and upon your acceptance of the terms
						and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to
						enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary hereof.
Yalla Parchisexpressly authorises use of the Platform by multiple users through the Family Sharing or any
						similar functionality provided by Apple.
Google Play.By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or its successors) operated by Google, Inc. or one of
					its affiliates ("Google"), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Services and the Google Play Business and
						Program Policies or such other terms which Google designates as default end user license terms for Google Play
						(all of which together are referred to as the "Google Play Terms"), and (b) the other terms and conditions in
						these Terms, the Google Play Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from
						Google Play, and
you hereby acknowledge that Google does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or
						non-compliance by Yalla Parchisor you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Google Play Terms.
Terms of Service
(If your residence is in another country, and not the US and the EEA and the UK)
Last updated: Julu 2020
1. Your Relationship With Us
Welcome to Yalla Parchis (the "Platform"), which is provided by Yalla Technology FZ-LLC. or one of its
					affiliates ("Yalla Parchis", "we" or "us").
You are reading the Terms of Service (the "Terms"), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement
					between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our
					related websites, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the "Services"). Our Services are
					provided for private, non-commercial use. For purposes of these Terms, "you" and "your" means you as the user of
					the Services.
The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully.
2. Accepting the Terms
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with Yalla Parchis, that
					you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of our Services is also
					subject to our Privacy Policy, Community Guidelines and Virtual Items Policy, the terms of which
					can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on your mobile device
					's applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference. By using the Services, you consent to the terms
					of the Terms of Service.
If you access or use the Services from within a jurisdiction for which there are separate supplemental terms,
					you also hereby agree to the supplemental terms applicable to users in each jurisdiction as outlined below, and in
					the event of a conflict between the provisions of the that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access
					or use the Services, and the rest of these Terms, the relevant jurisdictions ' will supersede and control. If you
					do not agree to these Terms, you must not access or use our Services.
If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) "you" and "your" includes
					you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the
					business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the
					entity 's behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of
					the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any
					employees, agents or contractors.
You can accept the Terms by accessing or using our Services. You understand and agree that we will treat your
					access or use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.
You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records.
3. Changes to the Terms
We amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of our Services, when we
					combine multiple apps or services operated by us or our affiliates into a single combined service or app, or when
					there are regulatory changes. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any
					material changes to these Terms, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look at the Terms
					regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the "Last Updated" date at the top of these Terms, which
					reflect the effective date of such Terms. Your continued access or use of the Services after the date of the new
					Terms constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop accessing
					or using the Services.
4. Your Account with Us
To access or use some of our Services, you must create an account with us. When you create this account, you
					must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your
					details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete.
It is important that you keep your account password confidential and that you do not disclose it to any third
					party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you can reset
					your password by receiving password recovery SMS via your registered phone number and promptly notify us at
[email protected]
.
You agree that you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for the activity that occurs under your account.
We reserve the right to disable your user account at any time, including if you have failed to comply with any
					of the provisions of these Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or
					might cause damage to or impair the Services or infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any
					applicable laws or regulations.
If you no longer want to use our Services again, and would like your account deleted, we can take care of this
					for you. Please contact us via
[email protected]
, and we will provide
					you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Once you choose to delete your account, you will
					not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you have added.
5. Your Access to and Use of Our Services
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. You
					may not:
access or use the Services if you are not fully able and legally competent to agree to these Terms;
make unauthorised copies, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create any
						derivative works of the Services or any content included therein, including any files, tables or documentation
						(or any portion thereof) or determine or attempt to determine any source code, algorithms, methods or techniques
						embodied by the Services or any derivative works thereof;
distribute, license, transfer, or sell, in whole or in part, any of the Services or any derivative works
						thereof;
market, rent or lease the Services for a fee or charge, or use the Services to advertise or perform any
						commercial solicitation;
use the Services, without our express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including
						communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming;
interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services, disrupt our website or any
						networks connected to the Services, or bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the
						Services;
incorporate the Services or any portion thereof into any other program or product. In such case, we reserve
						the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or limit access to the Services in our sole discretion;
use automated scripts to collect information from or otherwise interact with the Services;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent you or your affiliation with any
						person or entity, including giving the impression that any content you upload, post, transmit, distribute or
						otherwise make available emanates from the Services;
intimidate or harass another, or promote sexually explicit material, violence or discrimination based on race,
						sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
use or attempt to use another 's account, service or system without authorisation from Yalla, or create a
						false identity on the Services;
use the Services in a manner that may create a conflict of interest or undermine the purposes of the Services,
						such as trading reviews with other users or writing or soliciting fake reviews;
use the Services to upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available in any way:files that
						contain viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful;any
						unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain
						letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other prohibited form of solicitation;any private information of any third
						party, including addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, number and feature in the personal identity document
						(e.g., National Insurance numbers, passport numbers) or credit card numbers;any material which does or may
						infringe any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property or privacy rights of any other person;any
						material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, pornographic, hateful or inflammatory;any
						material that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, dangerous activities or
						self-harm;any material that is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonise people, especially trolling and
						bullying, or is intended to harass, harm, hurt, scare, distress, embarrass or upset people;any material that
						contains a threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence;any material that is racist or
						discriminatory, including discrimination on the basis of someone 's race, religion, age, gender, disability or
						sexuality; any answers, responses, comments, opinions, analysis or recommendations that you are not properly
						licensed or otherwise qualified to provide; or material that, in the sole judgment of Yalla, is objectionable or
						which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Services, or which may expose Yalla, the Services or
						its users to any harm or liability of any type.
In addition to the above, your access to and use of the Services must, at all times, be compliant with our
					Community Guidelines.
We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to content at our
					discretion for any reason or no reason. Some of the reasons we may remove or disable access to content may include
					finding the content objectionable, in violation of these Terms or our Community
					Guidelines, or otherwise harmful to the Services or our users, or other contents that violate local
					laws. Yalla just provides the chat platform and cannot be expected to monitor all the content all the time but
					will endeavor to take down offensive content when notified. Our automated systems analyze your content (including
					emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored
					advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is
					stored.
6. In-App Purchases.
In-App Purchases. Yalla Parchis offers virtual items (defined in the "Virtual
					Items Policy"), which we call "Golds", "Diamonds" and additional Services for purchase through the App
					Store, Google Play or other application platforms ("in-app purchases"). When you make in-app purchases, you will
					be prompted to enter details for your account with the mobile platform you are using (e.g. Apple, Android,
					etc.)"your IAP Account"), and your IAP Account will be charged for the in-app purchase in accordance with the
					terms disclosed to you at the time of purchase as well as the general terms for in-app purchases that apply to
					your lAP Account, and bear applicable taxes. The price of the Golds, Diamonds and additional Services will be
					displayed at the point of purchase. All charges and payments will be made in the currency specified at the point
					of purchase through the relevant payment mechanism. Currency exchange settlements, foreign transaction fees and
					payment channel fees, if any, are based on your agreement with the applicable payment provider.
Subscription Tips. If you purchase an auto-recurring periodic subscription through an in-app purchase, your IAP
					Account will be billed continuously for the subscription until you cancel in accordance with the platform terms.
					In all cases, please refer to the terms of your application platform which apply to your in-app purchases. You
					agree to pay your subscription fee in advance of receiving any such Subscription Service. You are responsible for
					all charges incurred under your account. You agree that if you purchase Subscription Services through the
					Application Store, all payment related questions, issues, disagreements, and/or disputes shall be handled in
					accordance with the terms of service or other legal agreements that govern your use of a given payment processing
					service and/or method, and in no event will Yalla Parchis have any responsibility in connection with any of the
					foregoing.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24hours before the end of the
						current period;
Account will be charged for renewal within 24hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the
						cost of the renewal;
Subscriptions can be managed by the user:You can turn off automatic renewal after purchase through the
						application platform's "Subscription Management";
No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period.
Refunds. Unless otherwise specified in these Terms of Service or required under the applicable law in your
					jurisdiction, any Subscription Services and digital goods including Golds, Diamonds are not refundable after
					purchase.
7. Intellectual Property Rights
We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same. As a condition of your access to and use of
					the Services, you agree not to use the Services to infringe on any intellectual property rights. We reserve the
					right, with or without notice, at any time and in our sole discretion to block access to and/or terminate the
					accounts of any user who infringes or is alleged to infringe any copyrights or other intellectual property rights.
8. Content
A. Yalla Parchis Content
As between you and Yalla Parchis, all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents,
					trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, music on and "look and feel" of the Services, and all
					intellectual property rights related thereto (the "Yalla Parchis Content"), are either owned or licensed by Yalla
					Parchis, it being understood that you or your licensors will own any User Content you upload or transmit through
					the Services. Use of the Yalla Parchis Content or materials on the Services for any purpose not expressly
					permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited. Such content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced,
					distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose whatsoever
					without our or, where applicable, our licensors ' prior written consent. We and our licensors reserve all rights
					not expressly granted in and to their content.
You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from
					your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of Virtual Items
					(defined in the " Virtual Items Policy ") and additional
					Services, and except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with
					us, you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge
					that, except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you
					(i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content or your use of any musical
					works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Services, including in any
					User Content created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain
					consideration from any User Content within the Services or on any third party service (e.g. , you cannot claim
					User Content that has been uploaded to a social media platform such as YouTube for monetization).
Subject to the terms and conditions of the Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited,
					non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services, including to
					download the Platform on a permitted device, and to access the Yalla Parchis Content solely for your personal,
					non-commercial use through your use of the Services and solely in compliance with these Terms. Yalla Parchis
					reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services and the Yalla Parchis Content. You acknowledge
					and agree that Yalla Parchis may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.
NO RIGHTS ARE LICENSED WITH RESPECT TO SOUND RECORDINGS AND THE MUSICAL WORKS EMBODIED THEREIN THAT ARE MADE
					AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE.
You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you are doing so at
					your own risk. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount
					to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining
					from, any action on the basis of the content on our Services.
We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that any Yalla Parchis Content
					(including User Content) is accurate, complete or up to date. Where our Services contain links to other sites and
					resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over
					the contents of those sites or resources. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked
					websites or information you may obtain from them. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen,
					monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Services (including User Content).
B. User-Generated Content
Users of the Services may be permitted to upload. or transmit (such as via a stream) or otherwise make available
					content through the Services. The views expressed by other users on the Services do not represent our views or
					values.
Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services
					(including via certain third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter), or to
					make contact with other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards set out at "Your Access to and
					Use of Our Services" above. You may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, including User Content
					that includes Yalla Parchis Elements, on sites or platforms hosted by third parties. If you decide to do this, you
					must comply with their content guidelines as well as with the standards set out at "Your Access to and Use of Our
					Services" above.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and
					indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer
					as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any User Content will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You must not post any User Content on
					or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
					When you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you own that User Content, or you
					have received all necessary permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the
					content to submit it to the Services, to transmit it from the Services to other third party platforms, and/or
					adopt any third party content.
If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in
						such sound recordings, then you must not post such sound recordings to the Services unless you have all
						permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the
						Services .
You or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting
						User Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free,
						fully transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of,
						publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise others users of the Services and other third-parties
						to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your
						User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented
You further grant us a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you
						as the source of any of your User Content.
For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this Section include, but are
						not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works
						embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the
						musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting us the right to
						Use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to,
						a sound recording copyright owner ( e.g. , a record label), a musical work copyright owner ( e.g. , a music
						publisher), a performing rights organization ( e.g. , ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a " PRO "), a sound recording PRO
						(e.g. , SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants involved in
						the creation of User Content.
Specific Rules for Musical Works and for Recording Artists .If you are a composer or author of a musical work
						and are affiliated with a PRO, then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through these
						Terms in your User Content to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO
						's reporting obligations. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent
						of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in these Terms in your User Content or
						have such music publisher enter into these Terms with us. Just because you authored a musical work ( e.g. , wrote
						a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in these Terms. If you are a recording artist
						under contract with a record label, then you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services is
						in compliance with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including if you create any new
						recordings through the Services that may be claimed by your label.
Through-To-The-Audience Rights. All of the rights you grant in your User Content in these Terms are provided on
					a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of third party services will not have any
					separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content posted or used on such third party service via
					the Services.
Waiver of Rights to User Content. By posting User Content to or through the Services, you waive any rights to
					prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also
					waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your
					User Content, or any portion thereof, unless privacy setting is applied when you post such content. To the extent
					any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral
					rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with
					respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Services.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted
					or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their
					right to privacy, and such disclosure will be pursuant to a legally binding court order.
We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit. your content at our or their sole
					discretion. We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Platform if, in our
					opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out at Section 5 (Your Use of Our Services)
					above. In addition, we have the right - but not the obligation - in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block
					or delete any User Content (i) that we consider to violate these Terms, or (ii) in response to complaints from
					other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any liability to you. As a result, we recommend
					that you save copies of any User Content that you post to the Services on your personal device(s) in the event
					that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content. We do not guarantee the
					accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will we be liable
					in any way for any User Content.
You control whether your User Content is made publicly available on the Services to all other users of the
					Services or only available to people you approve. To restrict access to your User Content, you should select the
					privacy setting available within the Platform.
We accept no liability in respect of any content submitted by users and published by us or by authorised third
					parties.
If you wish to complain about information and materials uploaded by other users, please contact us in Yalla
					Parchis APP Feedback in Settings or email to
[email protected]
.
					Before we can respond to your
					request, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details.
Yalla Parchis takes reasonable measures to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that
					we become aware of. It is Yalla Parchis 's policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable
					or terminate the accounts of users of the Services who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property
					rights of others.
While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride
					ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user
					community. If you choose to contribute by sending us or our employees any ideas for products, services, features,
					modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings, promotions, strategies, or
					product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials
					(collectively "Feedback"), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms
					will apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to us, you agree
					that:
Yalla Parchishas no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or
						part of any Feedback for any reason;
Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and we are not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you
						send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and
You irrevocably grant us perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works
					of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make
					available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose
					and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling,
					offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback,
					whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.
9. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Yalla Parchis, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and
					each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors from any and all claims, liabilities,
					costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys ' fees and expenses, arising out of a breach by you
					or any user of your account of these Terms or arising out of a breach of your obligations, representation and
					warranties under these Terms.
10. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT YOU CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO ALTER OR WAIVE
					AND ARE LEGALLY ALWAYS ENTITLED TO AS A CONSUMER.THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR
					REPRESENTATION TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO THEM. IN PARTICULAR WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS;
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR; ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY
						YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; ANDD
EFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE
						CORRECTED.
NO CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES OR OTHER TERMS (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED TERMS AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR
					PURPOSE OR CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION) APPLY TO THE SERVICES EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY ARE EXPRESSLY SET
					OUT IN THE TERMS. WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR PLATFORM
					FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR
					LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE
					NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS AND FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.
SUBJECT TO THE PARAGRAPH ABOVE, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:
(I) ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY); (II) ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL; (III) ANY LOSS OF
						OPPORTUNITY; (IV) ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED BY YOU; OR (V) ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES WHICH MAY BE
						INCURRED BY YOU. ANY OTHER LOSS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO Yalla ParchisWITHIN THE LAST 12
						MONTHS.
ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF:
ANY CHANGES WHICH WE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF
						THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES);
THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR
						TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES;
YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE US WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION;
ORYOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ONLY PROVIDE OUR PLATFORM FOR DOMESTIC AND PRIVATE USE. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OUR PLATFORM
					FOR ANY COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES, AND WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS,
					LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.
IF DEFECTIVE DIGITAL CONTENT THAT WE HAVE SUPPLIED DAMAGES A DEVICE OR DIGITAL CONTENT BELONGING TO YOU AND THIS
					IS CAUSED BY OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL, WE WILL EITHER REPAIR THE DAMAGE OR PAY YOU
					COMPENSATION. HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGE THAT YOU COULD HAVE AVOIDED BY FOLLOWING OUR ADVICE TO
					APPLY AN UPDATE OFFERED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE OR FOR DAMAGE THAT WAS CAUSED BY YOU FAILING TO CORRECTLY FOLLOW
					INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS OR TO HAVE IN PLACE THE MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ADVISED BY US.
THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN
					AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MOBILE CHARGES THAT MAY APPLY TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICE, INCLUDING TEXT-MESSAGING
					AND DATA CHARGES. IF YOU 'RE UNSURE WHAT THOSE CHARGES MAY BE, YOU SHOULD ASK YOUR SERVICE PROVIDER BEFORE USING
					THE SERVICE.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE
					SERVICES, INCLUDING, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE AND NOT LIMITATION, ANY CARRIER, COPYRIGHT OWNER OR OTHER USER, IS DIRECTLY
					BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE US AND OUR AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS,
					DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
					ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.
12. Other Terms
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction.Subject to the Supplemental Terms - Jurisdiction Specific, these Terms, their
						subject matter and their formation, are governed by the laws of United Arab Emirates. Any dispute arising out of
						or in connection with these Terms, including any question regarding existence, validity or termination of these
						Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Dubai International
						Arbitration Centre ("DIAC") in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Dubai International Arbitration
						Centre("DIAC Rules") for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this
						clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be Dubai. The Tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The
						language of the arbitration shall be English.
Links. You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage
						our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of
						association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Services
						in any website that is not owned by you. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with
						the content standards set out at "Your Access to and Use of Our Services" above. We reserve the right to withdraw
						linking permission without notice.
Age Limit. The Services are only for people 13 years old and over (with additional limits that may be set
						forth in the ). By using the Services, you confirm that you are over the relevant age specified herein. If we
						learn that someone under the relevant age specified above is using the Services, we will terminate that user 's
						account.
No Waiver.Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a
						waiver of any provision or right.
Security.We do not guarantee that our Services will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are
						responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform to access our Services.
						You should use your own virus protection software.
Severability.If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of
						these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the
						Terms, and the remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.
Any Questions?Get in touch at
[email protected]
.
Supplemental Terms - App Stores
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following supplemental terms shall apply when accessing the
					Platform through specific devices:
Notice regarding Apple.
These Terms between Yalla Parchisand you; Apple is not a party to these Terms.
The license granted to you hereunder is limited to a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right
						to install the Platform on the Apple device(s) authorised by Apple that you own or control for personal,
						non-commercial use, subject to the Usage Rules set forth in Apple 's App Store Terms of Services.
Apple is not responsible for the Platform or the content thereof and has no obligation whatsoever to furnish
						any maintenance or support services with respect to the Platform.
In the event of any failure of the Platform to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and
						Apple will refund the purchase price for the Platform, if any, to you. To the maximum extent permitted by
						applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or a third party relating to the Platform or your
						possession or use of the Platform, including without limitation (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that
						the Platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under
						consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third-party claim that the Platform or your possession and use of the Platform infringes
						such third party 's intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defence,
						settlement or discharge of such intellectual property infringement claim.
You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government
						embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country; and (b) you are
						not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and upon your acceptance of the terms
						and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to
						enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary hereof.
Yalla Parchisexpressly authorises use of the Platform by multiple users through the Family Sharing or any
						similar functionality provided by Apple.
Google Play.
By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or its successors) operated by
					Google, Inc. or one of its affiliates ("Google"), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Services and the Google Play Business and
						Program Policies or such other terms which Google designates as default end user license terms for Google Play
						(all of which together are referred to as the "Google Play Terms"), and (b) the other terms and conditions in
						these Terms, the Google Play Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from
						Google Play, and
you hereby acknowledge that Google does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or
						non-compliance by Yalla Parchisor you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Google Play Terms.
Virtual Items Policy
Our Virtual Items Policy updated in April, 2020.
1. How you can get Golds and Diamonds
In-App Purchases
From time to time, We may offer "Golds"and "Diamonds" for purchase through the App Store, Google Play or other
						application platforms ("in-app purchases"). If you choose to make an in-app purchase, you will be prompted to
						enter details for your account with the mobile platform you are using (e.g., Apple, Android, etc.) ("your IAP
						Account"), and your IAP Account will be charged for the in-app purchase in accordance with the terms disclosed to
						you at the time of purchase as well as the general terms for in-app purchases that apply to your IAP Account. The
						price of the Golds and Diamonds will be displayed at the point of purchase. All charges and payments for Golds
						and Diamonds will be made in the currency specified at the point of purchase through the relevant payment
						mechanism. Currency exchange settlements, foreign transaction fees and payment channel fees, if any, are based on
						your agreement with the applicable payment provider.
You will be responsible for the payment of any Golds and Diamonds purchased by you. Once your purchase has
						been completed, your user account will be credited with Golds and Diamonds.
If you live in the European Union, you have certain rights to withdraw from a purchase under the Consumer
						Rights Directive and its implementing legislation. However, if you purchase Golds and Diamonds, you acknowledge
						and agree that we start supplying the Golds and Diamonds to you promptly once the purchase is complete and
						therefore, your right to cancel or withdraw from the agreement to purchase is lost at this point.
You can also collect Golds through the following ways.
Win the game in Yalla Parchis
Participate in activities(such as Daily Tasks)
Sign-in may give you Golds at random
Other methods YallaParchis may add
You can also collect Diamonds through the following ways.
Participate in activities(such as Daily Tasks)
Operate his/her own room to win Golds as rewards
Sign-in may give you Diamondsat random
Other methods Yalla Parchismay add
There is no obvious difference between the Golds and Diamonds collected and purchased by the user through the
						above methods and user can use them for the same Service as well in Yalla Parchis. However, because the Golds and
						Diamonds collected by users through the above methods are generated by the system and are NOT purchased by user,
						you agree that Yalla Parchishas the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such
						Golds and Diamonds as it sees fit in its sole discretion, in any general or specific case, and that Yalla Parchis
						will have no liability to you based on its exercise of such right.
2. How you can use Golds and Diamonds
Golds can be used toï¼š
Participate in games
Purchase profile frames
Other existing uses and uses Yalla Parchismay add in the future
Diamonds can be used toï¼š
Upgrade chest to get more rewards
Purchase profile frames, room themes, dice skins, chat bubble and token skins
Other existing uses and uses Yalla Parchismay add in the future
Yalla Parchishave the right to adjust the uses and usage rules of Golds and Diamonds from time to time.
The Golds in your account will be consumed because they are used.
Golds and Diamonds cannot be converted into or exchanged for or cash, or be refunded or reimbursed by us for
						any reason.
Golds and Diamonds can only be used on Yalla Parchisand as part of our services, and cannot be combined or
						used in conjunction with other promotions, coupons, discounts or special offers, except those designated by us.
No Golds and Diamonds may be assigned or transferred to any other user of the services or third party except
						as expressly permitted by us in writing. The sale, barter, assignment or other disposal of any Golds and
						Diamonds, other than by us, is expressly prohibited.
Accrued Golds and Diamonds do not constitute property and are not transferable: (a) upon death; (b) as part of
						a domestic relations matter; or (c) otherwise by operation of law.
Any Golds and Diamonds assigned, sold, or otherwise transferred without the express written consent of us are
						void. Any user of the services who violates this restriction may have his or her account terminated by us, have
						Golds and Diamonds forfeited from his or her account, and/or be subject to liability for damages and litigation
						and transaction costs.
All Golds and Diamonds of a user will expire automatically upon termination of such user 's account for any
						reason.
We reserve the right to deduct Golds and Diamonds from your account if the user acquire them by illegal or
						fraud way.
You agree that we have the right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate such Golds and
						Diamonds, where we have a valid reason to do so such as where we reasonably believe you have violated this
						Policy, you are in breach of any applicable law or regulation or for legal, security or technical reasons and
						that we will have no liability to you based on our exercise of such right.
You may cancel your account at any time, and Yalla Parchis may terminate your account in accordance with the
					Terms. All the Golds and Diamonds in your account will be forfeited immediately upon the cancellation or
					termination of your account. There will be no refunds for any unused or unredeemed Golds and Diamonds. So we
					recommend that you use them before terminating your account.
If you have any problems with Golds or Diamonds, please contact us in Yalla Parchis APP Feedback in Settings or
					email to
[email protected]
.
Copyright Policy
Yalla Parchis respects the intellectual property rights of others, and we expect you to do the same. Yalla
					Parchis Terms of Service and Community Guidelines do not allow posting, sharing, or sending any content
					that violates or infringes someone else
					's copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights.
Copyright
Copyright is a legal right that protects original works of authorship (e.g., music, photos, videos, etc.).
					Generally, copyright protects an original expression of an idea but does not protect underlying ideas or facts.
Copyright Infringement
We do not allow any content that infringes copyright. Any use of copyrighted content of others without proper
					authorization or legally valid reason may lead to a violation. In some cases, you may be required to provide
					evidence to prove that you are entitled to use copyrighted content of others.
Removal of Content; Suspension or Termination of Account
Any user content that infringes other person 's copyright may be removed. Your account may be suspended or
					terminated for multiple copyright violations in connection with your use of the Yalla Parchis Website or app, or
					other violations of the Terms of Service and Community Guidelines.
Copyright Infringement Notification
If you believe that your copyright-protected work was posted on Yalla Parchis 's site or app, or otherwise
					hosted by Yalla Parchis without authorization, you may submit a copyright infringement notification.We will
					process and protect such personal data in accordance with the relevant provisions of our privacy policy.
The notification must include the following:
An email address, physical address and a phone number so that we and the uploader of your work can contact
						you.
A clear and complete description of your work that you believe has been infringed.
The URL or other identifying location of the allegedly infringing work.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not
						authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or law.
A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the
						copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
The physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or an authorized representative of the copyright
						owner. To satisfy this requirement, you may type your full legal name (not that of a company) at the bottom of
						your notification.
Submit the above information to us:
By Email:
[email protected]
; or
By Mail: Yalla Technology
Address: P.O. Box 501913, DIC16, Dubai Internet City, UAE
Attention: Copyright Infringement
Before submitting a notification, please be aware of that intentionally submitting a misleading or fraudulent
					report may lead to liability for damages under section 512(f) of the United States Digital Millennium Copyright
					Act (DMCA) or similar laws in other countries.
We will process and protect such personal data in accordance with the relevant provisions of our privacy policy.
Copyright Infringement Counter-Notification
If you receive a copyright infringement notification that you believe to be in error, you may provide us with a
					counter-notification.
The counter-notification must include the following:
Your contact information, including your full legal name (not that of a company), an email address, a physical
						address, and a phone number. If you are an authorized representative of the uploader, such as an attorney, please
						be sure to specify your relationship to the uploader.
Identify the location, including any URL, of the work that has been removed or disabled.
You must agree to and include the following statement: "I consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District
						Court for the district in which my address is located, or if my address is outside of the United States, the
						judicial district in which Yalla Parchis located, and will accept service of process from the claimant."
And the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the
						material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or
						disabled."
Your physical or electronic signature. To satisfy this requirement, you may type your full legal name (not
						that of a company) at the bottom of your electronic counter-notification.
Submit the above information to us:
By Email:
[email protected]
; or
By Mail: Yalla Technology
Address: P.O. Box 501913, DIC16, Dubai Internet City, UAE
Attention: Copyright Infringement Counter
The counter-notification process may take no less than 10 business days to complete, please be patient. During
					this time, the copyright claimant may file an action seeking a court order to keep the content down. Please note
					that we will forward the entire counter-notification to the copyright claimant, including any personal information
					you provide, and the counter-notification may be made public. The claimant may use this information to file a
					lawsuit against you.
If we do not receive notice within 10 business days that the original reporter is seeking a court order to
					prevent further infringement of the material at issue, we may replace or cease disabling access to the material
					that was removed. The decision to re-post any material is at Yalla Parchis 's sole discretion.
We will process and protect such personal data in accordance with the relevant provisions of our privacy policy.
Trademark
A trademark is a word, symbol, slogan, design, or combination of any of the foregoing that identifies the source
					of a product or service and distinguishes it from other products or services.
Yalla Parchis 's policies prohibit any content that infringes on another person 's trademark. Using another
					person 's trademark in a way that may mislead or confuse people to believe that you are affiliated with the
					trademark owner may be a violation of our trademark policy.
However, using another person 's trademark for the purpose of accurately referencing the trademark owner 's
					products or services, or to compare them to other products or services, is generally not considered a violation of
					our trademark policy.
Removal of Content; Suspension or Termination of Account
Any user content that infringes other person 's trademark may be removed. Your account may be suspended or
					terminated for multiple trademark violations in connection with your use of the Yalla Parchis site or app, or
					other violations of the Terms of Service and Community Guidelines.
Trademark Infringement Notification
Yalla Parchis may investigate reports that are submitted by the trademark holder or their authorized
					representative. You can submit a trademark report to us through email
(
[email protected]
),
					by providing the following information:
Your contact information, including your full name, physical address, email address and a phone number. Please
						note that we mayprovide your information and details of your report to the person who posted the content or owns
						the account you are reporting. This person may contact you with the information you provide.
Your relationship to the trademark owner.
A clear and complete description of your trademark that you believe has been infringed, including the
						jurisdiction of registration, registration number, trademarked goods and services class.
A scan of trademark registration certificate or a direct link (URL) to your trademark record.
Information about the allegedly infringing content, including the URL or other identifying location of the
						allegedly infringing content, and a description of how the content has been infringing your trademark.
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the trademark described above, in the manner
						complained of, is not authorized by the trademark owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the
						trademark owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
The physical or electronic signature of the trademark owner or an authorized representative of the trademark
						owner.
If we remove content in response to a report of trademark infringement, we may notify the person you reported to
					inform them the content was removed. We may also provide them with your contact information, including your email
					address and the name of the trademark owner, and/or details of your report.
We will process and protect such personal data in accordance with the relevant provisions of our privacy policy.
General Note:
As a Yalla Parchis user, you are responsible for the content you post. If you have questions about copyright law
					or trademark law, such as questions about whether your content or your use of another person 's name or brand
					infringes or otherwise violates another person 's rights, you may want to contact an attorney. If you are unsure
					whether the material you plan to report to us is infringing or otherwise violating another person 's right, you
					may also want to first seek legal advice before reporting such content to us.
If you submit a report or infringement notification to us, we may contact you if we have additional questions
					about your report or notification. Please note that Yalla Parchis is not in a position to adjudicate disputes
					between third parties, and may not be able to remove the content or suspend the account you reported for
					infringement or violation. As an alternative, you may want to contact the person who posted the content or owns
					the account to try to resolve your issue directly.
Yalla Parchis Community Guidelines
The Yalla Parchis Community Guidelines, which we update from time to time, are an important code of conduct for
					a safe and friendly environment. Violation of the guidelines may result in your account and/or content being
					removed. In addition, users must also follow their local laws. We reserve the right to monitor and report content
					to authorities, as permitted by applicable law.
Our Terms of services and guidelines exist to foster trust,
					respect, and a positive environment for everyone in this community. We trust all users to respect the community
					and keep Yalla Parchis fun and welcoming for everyone.
Yalla Parchis is simply NOT the place to post, share, or promote any of the following, including:
Harmful or dangerous content
When you use Yalla Parchis you are joining a global community. Don 't post or share content that could harm
					other users or encourage them to harm themselves - whether through physical, emotional, financial, or legal harm.
Terrorist organizations and any other criminal organizations are strictly prohibited from using Yalla Parchis.
						DO NOT use Yalla Parchisto promote and support these organizations or individuals.
DO NOT post, share, or send any content that depicts dangerous acts, self-injury, or suicide, nor provide any
						content that encourages other people to engage in such activities.
DO NOT post, share, or send any content that depicts, promotes, encourages, or provides instruction for eating
						disorders.
DO NOT intimidate or threaten other people, including threats of physical harm against a specific individual.
DO NOT use Yalla Parchisto sell or encourage the use of weapons, bombs, drugs, or any other regulated goods
						prohibited by local laws.
DO NOT use Yalla Parchisto encourage or promote online gambling or other financial schemes.
DO NOT post, share, or send any content that involves illegal activities.
Graphic or shocking content
Yalla Parchis is not the place for graphic, violent, shocking, or sensational content. If you wouldn 't show
					this content to your parents or children, please don 't post it here.
DO NOT post, share, or send any violent, graphic, shocking, or sensational content, nor provide any content
						that incites others to commit acts of violence.
Discrimination or hate speech
Yalla Parchis is an inclusive community. It is not OK to attack or incite violence against other users.
DO NOT post, share, or send any content that incites hatred against a group of people based on their race,
						ethnicity, religion, nationality, culture, disability, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, or any
						other discrimination.
DO NOT post, share, or send contents that may trigger hostility, including trolling or provocative remarks.
Nudity or sexual activity
Yalla Parchis community is not the place for sexually explicit content or content intended for sexual
					gratification. If it isn 't something suitable to be done or shown in public view, don 't post it.
Yalla Parchisstrictly prohibits any content that contains, promotes, or encourages sexual assault, sexual
						abuse, sexual exploitation, or sexual violence. DO NOT post any such content.
DO NOT post, share, or send explicit content, sexual content, or nudity.
DO NOT provide content related to prostitution, solicitation, or any other types of sex trade.
Child safety infringement
Yalla Parchis takes child safety with the utmost seriousness. If we become aware of content that sexually
					exploits, targets, or endangers children, we may report cases to law enforcement and cooperate with them, as
					appropriate.
Yalla Parchisstrictly prohibits any sexually explicit content featuring minors or content that sexually
						exploits minors. DO NOT post any such content.
Yalla Parchismay remove or limit access to photos containing nudity, sexually suggestive acts, or
						unintentionally provocative content involving minors, as such photos could be used by others in unanticipated
						ways.
DO NOT post, share, or send any content about online dating with minors, compensated dating, invasion of a
						minor 's privacy, or other content that endangers minors ' physical and mental health.
DO NOT use public posts or private messages to harass underage users.
DO NOT use the app if you are under 13, or the minimum age for your country or region if designated
						differently in the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Harassment or cyberbullying
We work hard to promote a positive environment and an abuse-free experience for our users. Please keep your
					interactions civil and treat all users with respect.
DO NOT use public posts and/or private messages to harass other people.
DO NOT disclose others ' personally identifiable information, such as address, phone number, email address, ID
						number, and credit card number.
DO NOT deliberately degrade, humiliate, defame, or bully other people, nor encourage other users to do so.
Impersonation, spam, scams, or other misleading content
Our community values high-quality, engaging content. Content that is spammy, fake, fraudulent, or misleading is
					prohibited and will be removed.
DO NOT impersonate another person or organization by creating fake identities, confuse others into believing
						that your relationship with another person or organization is something it is not, or post misleading content to
						make money.
DO NOT create artificial traffic by any means, such as trading comments, hiring others or being hired to write
						comments, sharing repetitive content, sending chain letters, and using deceptive information to encourage views,
						likes or comments.
DO NOT post any content, or conduct any activity, that harms members of our community. This includes
						defrauding users, phishing schemes, and deceptive practices.
Intellectual property
Yalla Parchis is a place for creativity and expression that is unique and original.
DO NOT post, share, or send any content that violates someone else 's copyrights, trademarks, or other
						intellectual property rights.
Other malicious activity
In addition to the content and behavior outlined above, our policies prohibit activity that undermines the Yalla
					Parchis service.
DO NOT interfere with Yalla Parchis 's daily operation, hack its website or associated networks, or bypass its
						measures to restrict users ' access.
DO NOT distribute files that contain viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious
						or technologically harmful.
DO NOT modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or create any derivative products
						based on Yalla Parchis, including any files, tables or documentation, nor attempt to regenerate any source code,
						algorithms, methods, or techniques embodied in Yalla Parchis.
DO NOT use automated scripts to collect information from Yalla Parchis.
Any activity by any member of the Yalla Parchis community that harms, defrauds, or misleads other users or harms
					our community will be considered a violation of our Community Guidelines and may result in your content and/or
					account being removed.
Thank you for being wonderful community members and doing your part to maintain a safe and enjoyable space for
					all users. If you see content that you believe violates any of the Community Guidelines, please report it in Yalla
					Parchis APP so we can review and take appropriate action. If you have further concerns, please contact
[email protected]
.