Super Bit Machine Privacy Policy
Cookies disclaimer
Our site saves small pieces of text information (cookies) on your device in order to deliver better content and for statistical purposes. You can disable the usage of cookies by changing the settings of your browser. By browsing our website without changing the browser settings you grant us permission to store that information on your device.
I agree
About
News
reddit
Support
Careers
Privacy Policy
SUPER BIT MACHINE - PRIVACY POLICY
Last modified: May 10th, 2017
1. Introduction and Acceptance of Terms
Super Bit Machine, Inc. (“Super Bit”) respects the privacy of our on-line visitors and recognizes the importance of providing a secure environment for them. We have adopted this company-wide privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) that guides how we collect, store, and use the information you provide us. This Privacy Policy details how Super Bit safeguards the privacy of its on-line visitors. Please note that when you link to other sites from a Super Bit website, this Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities on, those other sites.
This Privacy Policy describes how we may collect and use the personal information you provide when using Super Bit Services (the “Service”). The Service includes our website https://superbitmachine.com/ (the “Site”), any related subdomains and forums, chat rooms, accounts and products and services available thereon, as well as other products and services offered by Super Bit through internet-capable gaming and virtual reality platforms, personal computers, mobile phones or in-game applications or software platforms including third-party hosts, and related content, software, mobile applications (“Apps”), materials and/or services. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, the terms “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Super Bit. “you” and “your” refers to you, as a user of the Service.
If you use the Service on behalf of a company, organization, or other entity, then (a) “you” includes you and that entity, and (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms of Use, and that you agree to these Terms of Use on the entity’s behalf.
This Privacy Policy also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below) and how you can access and update this information. Your use of the Service indicates that you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information and other information as described in this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Use.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By accessing or using this Service, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING OUR SERVICE (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY APPS), YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICE.
2. Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of Personally Identifiable Information gathered when you are using or accessing the Service. This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any Personally Identifiable Information that our business partners share with us or that we share with our business partners.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services and applications (“Third Party Websites”) that you elect to access through the Service or any individuals that we do not manage or employ. We cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of Third Party Websites. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Website you access.
You may be able to sign up for or access the Service through third-party platforms such as gaming consoles, mobile devices, other websites and social networking services. When you submit personal information to us via a third-party platform, your use of that platform is also governed by its terms of service, privacy policies and/or code of conduct. Please review each company’s governing policies before using their services.
3. Information We Collect and How We Collect It
When you use the Service you provide us with three types of information: (i) information you submit via the Service; (ii) information regarding your use of the Service collected by us as you interact with the Service; and (iii) information from Third Party Websites and services. The information we gather enables us to personalize, improve and continue to operate the Service and to provide you with the services and information you request. In connection with certain aspects of the Service, we may request, collect and/or display some of your Personally Identifiable Information. We collect several types of information from and about you, including:
• information that, taken alone, identifies you and that can be used to contact you, on-line or offline (“Personally Identifiable Information”), which may include, for example, your legal name, legal physical address, email address, phone number, date of birth, and gender;
• information about you that cannot be used, alone, to identify you, which may include, for example, demographic information including zip code or professional information including the industry in which you work; and
• information about your use of our Service, which may include, for example, internet connection, your computer or mobile device and operating system, browser type and other software you use to access our Service, as well as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device properties, such as unique device identifier (“UDID”) or other device identifiers, mobile phone carrier, game achievements.
Below, we detail the specific types of information we collect from our users.
Account Information
When you create an Account, you will provide information that could be Personally Identifiable Information. You acknowledge that this information may be personal to you, and by creating an Account on the Service and providing Personally Identifiable Information to us, you allow others, including us, to identify you, and therefore, you may not be anonymous.
We may use your contact information to send you information about our Service or to send marketing emails. When applicable, our marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.” If you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails about your Account and our business dealings with you. We also reserve the right to contact you when we believe it is necessary, such as for Account recovery purposes.
IP Address Information and Other Information Collected Automatically
We automatically receive and record information from your web browser when you interact with the Service, including your IP address and cookie information. Generally, the Service automatically collects usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to the Service. We may use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of aggregate data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Service so that we can analyze and improve them.
Information Collected Using Cookies and Web Beacons
“Cookies” are small data files that are sent to your web browser when you access a website, and the files stored on your device’s hard drive. We use “session” cookies to keep you logged in while you use our Service, to track your preferences and to track trends and monitor usage and web traffic information on our Service. These are erased when you close your browser. We use “persistent” cookies to relate your use of our Service to other information about you and store information about your preferences to make your user experience consistent and customized. For example, we may create a persistent cookie that includes some basic information about you, like your favorite website locations and whether customer support responded to your inquiry. These cookies stay on your hard drive until you erase them or they expire and associate your information with your account even if you are logged out.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your settings on the browser settings to refuse cookies or prompt you before accepting cookies. You can also use your browser settings or other tools to delete cookies you already have. However, if you disable or refuse cookies, then certain features of our Service may be inaccessible or not function properly.
Our cookies do not, by themselves, contain Personally Identifiable Information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personally Identifiable Information to tell us who you are. As noted, however, we do use cookies to identify that your web browser has accessed aspects of the Service and may associate that information with your Account if you have one.
This Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies only and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties. We do not control when or how third parties place cookies on your computer. For example, third party websites to which a link points may set cookies on your computer.
Clear GIFs and Pixel Tags
We may use “clear GIFs” (aka “web beacons” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies, on our Service or in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a part of our Service or received a message. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a website or in an email or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote website on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual’s viewing or receipt of a website or message.
We do not automatically collect Personally Identifiable Information, but we may tie Personally Identifiable Information with the automatically collected information using the above tools or information collected from other sources.
We may also log information using digital images called web beacons on our Service or in our emails. We may use web beacons to manage cookies, count visits, and to learn what marketing works and what does not. We may also use web beacons to tell if you open or act on our emails.
The Service does not respond to Internet browser’s Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals.
We may also use services hosted by third parties, such as Google Analytics, a web analytics services provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to assist in providing the Service. Google Analytics use cookies to help us analyze how users use the Service. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Service (including your IP address) will be transmitted to, and stored by, Google on their servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Service, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Service. By using these Service, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Information Related to Advertising
To support and enhance the Service, we may serve advertisements, and also allow third parties advertisements, through the Service. These advertisements are sometimes targeted and served to particular users and may come from third party companies called “ad networks.” Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms.
Advertisements served through the Service may be targeted to users who fit a certain general profile category and may be based on (i) anonymized information inferred from information provided to us by a user, including Personally Identifiable Information, (ii) Service usage patterns of particular users, or (iii) your activity on a third party website. We do not provide Personally Identifiable Information to any ad networks for use outside of the Service.
4. Minors and Children Under Age 13
If you are under the age of 18, you must have your parent’s permission to play our Apps and use our Service. If you are under the age of 12, you are not permitted to use our Service or play any of our Apps. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for our Service. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to use or register for our Service or send any Personally Identifiable Information about yourself to us, including your name, physical address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any Personally Identifiable Information to Super Bit or on the Service. In the event that we learn that we have collected Personally Identifiable Information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information where reasonably possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please send a detailed message to contact@superbitmachine.com.
5. Our Use of Your Information
We may use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personally Identifiable Information to:
• communicate with you about the services, content, features or products you use or request;
• notify you of new products, services, features, enhancements, upgrades, contests, promotions, or special offers;
• customize and optimize the content or advertisements you receive when you use the Service, and otherwise improve your experience on our Service;
• analyze and improve our services, which may include tracking traffic, usage, and navigation patterns related to your activities on the Service and the links we provide to Third Party Websites or advertisements;
• secure your Account and prevent fraud;
• carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
• protect our own or third party rights or interests;
• in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
• for any other purpose with your consent.
Push Notifications
Upon download of certain Services, you are provided the option to opt in to receiving push notifications from Super Bit on your device and within our Apps. We send you push notifications from time-to-time to update you about any promotions or events or inform you about the Service or information regarding your Account or use of the Service. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. Opting out of push notifications will not affect your settings with respect to email communications.
Email Notifications
We may send you emails that may contain code that enables us to track your usage of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed (if any). We may use such information to improve the Service and/or provide customized communications to you.
To stop receiving marketing emails that we send you, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions included in any such marketing email or contact us at contact@superbitmachine.com.
6. Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may share information that is not Personally Identifiable Information and that does not identify you personally about your interests, your use of the Service, and the links and ads that you follow, with third-party content providers or advertisers; if we do so, we will not provide them with your name or contact information.
We may also use and share to our third party advertising partners certain information collected about you including, but not limited to, IP address, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet and on-line usage information and in-App information (including UDID) for purposes of serving you interest-based advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here, or if located in the European Union, by clicking here. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads entirely. You will continue to receive ads that are not based on your preferences. Please note that the advertising companies who deliver ads for Super Bit may combine the information collected in connection with our Service with other information they may have independently collected from other services or products, and any such independent action is done in accordance with the privacy policy of the company providing the advertisements.
We may share Personally Identifiable Information with our business partners in order to provide you a service you use or request, subject to commitments by such parties to use your information only for that purpose and to protect it from disclosure.
We may share Personally Identifiable Information with a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Super Bit’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which Personally Identifiable Information held by Super Bit about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
Additionally, in the following circumstances, we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information without your consent:
• if we believe there is a serious and imminent threat to the life, health or safety of yourself or another person (for example, if we learn that a person is suffering abuse or has made statements of an intent to commit self-harm or harm another);
• to investigate or report on activity which we believe on reasonable grounds to be unlawful;
• if disclosure is required, permitted or authorized by law (for example, in response to a subpoena or where a regulatory authority has the power to request the provision of certain records or information);
• if disclosure is reasonably necessary to enable an enforcement body to perform its functions, for example the prevention, detection, investigation, prosecution or punishment of criminal offenses, or the preparation for, or conduct of, proceedings before any court or tribunal, or implementation of the orders of a court or tribunal; or
• if we deem it necessary in our sole discretion to protect our legal and legitimate business interests.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against you if you are violating the Terms of Use or EULA Agreements for a Super Bit website or product. We also reserve the right to disclose your personal information if we have a good faith belief that it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities.
7. Protecting Your Information
We take the security of your Personally Identifiable Information very seriously, and have implemented policies and procedures, including technical measures and access limitations, that are designed to help safeguard it. Please remember that you play a valuable part in security as well. Your password to access our Service, which you select at registration, should never be shared with anyone and should be changed frequently. While we strive to use best practices to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, the Internet and computer technology is not 100% secure and we cannot absolutely ensure the security of any Personally Identifiable Information that you provide to us.
8. Transfers of Information Outside the United States
All information collected or received by us in connection with the Services is collected in, processed in, or transferred to the United States of America and other countries. While your information is in another jurisdiction, it may be accessed by the courts, law enforcement, and national security authorities pursuant to the laws of those jurisdictions. By using our Services, you expressly consent to such collection, transfer, and processing. Backup data, matchmaking data, and administrative data may also be stored on media or servers located in the United States of America and other countries.
9. Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. If your account is inactive for a period time it may be deleted. If information is changed or deleted, we may still retain some of your information in our files to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, administer our services, comply with technical and legal requirements, and/or other constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation of our Services.
10. California Residents.
California residents may choose to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes or choose to opt out of such disclosure. Our policy is not to disclose Personally Identifiable Information collected online to any third party for direct marketing without your approval. To make a request or to opt out at any time, please contact us at contact@superbitmachine.com. Please indicate what publications or services you no longer wish to receive.
11. Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. It may be necessary from time to time for us to modify this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the way we collect and use information or changes in privacy-related laws, regulations, and industry standards. Accordingly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting the revised policy on the Service and updating the “last modified” date at the top of this page. We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy. If revisions to the Privacy Policy are unacceptable to you, you must cease using the Service.
12. Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@superbitmachine.com.
Resources
Press Releases
Press Kit
PR Contacts
Asset Library
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Discord
LinkedIn
More Info
News & Updates
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
© 2019
Super Bit Machine
. All Rights Reserved.