Clap Games - Privacy Policy
CLAP GAMES
Privacy Policy
The security of your personal information is important to us. Please do not enter any personal information about yourself except the information needed to create and maintain your user account on social networks or App store websites. We do not hold any liability for any personal data or any sensitive information you provided during opening of the account, which is not expressly and specifically required for a proper registration. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information
submitted, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while our goal to use commercially acceptable ways to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee it is absolutely secure. Please keep it in mind before submitting any information about yourself. Please note that information that you voluntarily make public in your user profile, or which you disclose by posting comments will be publicly available and viewable by others. We do not hold any liability for any information that you voluntarily choose to be public through such and/or other explicit actions. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. In addition, if you have not reached the age of majority in your state/province/territory/country of residence, you must obtain the consent of a parent or legal guardian for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not have
this consent, or if you are under 13 years old, do not provide any personal information to us. We receive and store any information you enter on our Service or provide to us in any other way, including via any third party site or service, or via any cookies placed on your device by such third party site, through which you authorize us to access your information (e.g. Facebook, Google). The types of
personal information collected in this fashion may include your name, email address, IP address, browser information, username, password, and any other information necessary for us to provide or optimize our Services. You can choose not to provide us with certainminformation, but then you may not be ablemto take advantage of many of our special features. The personal information youmprovide is used for such purposes as answering questions, improving the content of the Services, customizing the advertising and content you see, and
communicating with you about Cstrike Mission War products and services, including specials and new features. We may share some of information we collect from you upon use of our Service with third parties service providers who are engaged by or working with us in
connection with the operation of the Services we provide to you and/or for analytics purposes which may require the reproduction and
display of such information.
Personal Information Collected
Automatically:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with or use our Service. CStrike Mission War Entertainment may automatically receive and record information on our server logs including, your IP address, unique
mobile device identifier (UDID), International Mobile Equipment ID (IMEI), Android ID, device MAC address, cookie information, browser information, operating system, timestamps, the pages you request, applications downloaded, and the actions and path you take on the Service. You need to ensure that there is no unauthorized access to your account and personal information by limiting access to your computer (or other device) andmbrowser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Cstrike Mission War Entertainment endeavors to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private, however, Cstrike Mission War Entertainment
cannot guarantee the security of user information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. Your information with limited access rights (including personal information) can
only be accessed by our authorized employees or consultants or the concerned group entities, third party service providers, that need to have access to this data in order to be able to fulfill their given duties. However, we shall take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as
required by any law and also when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders, or legal process.
We will retain your information for as long as is necessary to: (1) fulfill any of the services we provide or (2) comply with applicable legislation, regulatory requests and relevant orders from competent courts. Wecollect personal and activity data, which may be linked.
We use technologies like cookies (small files stored on your browser), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to identify your computer or device so we can deliver a better experience. Our systems also log information like your
browser, operating system and IP address. We also may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us,
such as your name, address, phone number or email address. With your permission, we may also access other personal information on your device, such as your phone book, calendar or messages, in order to provide services to you.
If authorized by you, we may also access profile and other information from services like Facebook. Our systems may associate this personal information with your activities in the course of providing service to you (such as pages you view or things you click
on or search for).
We may collect but do not share your location history.
To customize our service for you, we may collect and store your precise geographic location as part of your user profile. This data generally is not shared with others.
We may ask for your consent on your first use of the service.
You can request to see or delete your personal data. You can contact us by email (info@clapgames.app) to request to see or delete
any personally identifiable information we have stored, such as your name, address, email or phone number.
We may keep data indefinitely.
We don’t share your personal data with other companies. We generally do not share personally identifiable information (such as name,
address, email or phone) with other companies. Ad companies collect anonymous data. You can opt out. Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and
location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
You can ask privacy questions. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact
us: info@clapgames.app
Analytics providers access data on our behalf.
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to
any individual user. We take detailed steps to protect personal information. We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal information you input, and storing your information in encrypted form behind a firewall designed to block access from outside our network. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business. Special situations may require disclosure of your data. To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent
permitted by law to do so. You can review more privacy-related information. If we do decide to change our privacy policy, we will post any changes to this privacy statement so that you are all aware of what information we collect, how we use that information, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it relatively frequently. If we make any changes to this policy, we will notify you here. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy please.
contact us at: info@clapgames.app
Clap Games
www.clapgames.app