Privacy Policy — Last Quarter Studios
1. Contact information
2. Reason for data collection
3. Types of data collected
4. Access to your data
5. Your rights and options
6. Age limits
Privacy Policy
3rd of July, 2023
This privacy policy describes the way Last Quarter Studios collects and uses data you provide to us, is automatically collected by our systems, or is provided to us by third parties, and the choices you have about how such data is handled.
This policy applies to all services and products (collectively referred to as Services) provided by Last Quarter Studios.
This policy may be updated periodically. Your continued use of our Services after the effective date will be subject to the updated privacy policy. You can always see the latest version of the privacy policy at
https://lastquarterstudios.com/privacy-policy
.
1. Contact information
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, you may contact us using the information listed below.
Last Quarter Studios Limited Partnership (2973609-7)
email:
privacy@lastquarterstudios.com
2. Reason for data collection
Last Quarter Studios is a games company first and foremost, and that’s reflected in the reasons we collect your data.
We collect your data to:
Operate our Services, such as providing online features
Provide you with support related to our Services
Secure our Services against illicit behavior
Send you Service related communications
If you give us consent, we may use your data for additional purposes.
Your data will be stored for the amount of time necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this policy, unless further storage is required in order to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim or to comply with applicable laws. Your personal information will be deleted or anonymized, as soon as it is no longer necessary for the above mentioned purposes.
3. Types of data collected
Data directly provided to us by you
Support requests and other such interactions sent to us.
Any other data you choose to give to us, such as device hardware information as part of a bug reporting process.
Data collected automatically by our Services
The types of data listed below are only collected when you use online features of our Services, or when you visit our websites.
Your device and connection metadata, such as your IP address and device’s operating system.
Data about the way you use our Services, such as the type and frequency of requests.
The specific amount and types of data we collect can vary between Services.
Data collected by third-parties
Distributors
When you get access to any one of our Services from a third party distributor, that distributor may give us access to some data about you. Please refer to each distributor’s privacy policy for more information:
Steam Privacy Agreement
itch.io Privacy Policy
Apple Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Platform specific service providers
In some of our Services it is possible to log into a third party service such as Google Play Games or Apple’s Game Center. When you use one of these services, we primarily use the information provided by those services to the extent that we can:
Provide achievements.
Provide cloud saves.
These third parties may give us access to additional information about your usage of these features, such as which achievements you’ve collected.
Please refer to each service provider’s privacy policy for more information:
Google Privacy Policy
Apple’s privacy policy
Unity
All our Services which utilize the Unity game engine and/or Unity Ads are subject to
Unity’s Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.
4. Access to your data
Your data may be accessed by employees and contractors of Last Quarter Studios if that access is required based on their given assignments. Access is limited to only the individuals which require it for their work related tasks.
Law enforcement
In order to combat illegal activities, we may provide your data to the relevant authorities in response to lawful requests. We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with legal requirements, or to safeguard the rights, assets, or well-being of ourselves, our users, or others.
5. Your rights and options
You have the right to request a copy of your personal data in an electronic format, correct your data, request the deletion of your data, and restrict how your data is used. You may exercise your rights by sending an email to the address listed at the beginning of this policy. All requests will be responded to within a reasonable timeframe.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we may retain select portions of your data that are essential for our legitimate business interests, such as fulfilling legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements.
Unity Ads
You can view your rights and options regarding data collection by Unity Ads in our Services by following the instructions listed in the
Unity Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.
6. Age limits
Our Services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13 (or any other age as required by applicable law). We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about from such individuals or knowingly allow them to use our Services.
If we learn that we have collected personal data about an individual under the above described age limit we will delete that data, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it.
Twitter
Mastodon
Discord
YouTube
Site
Contact
Privacy Policy
Stores
Steam
Itch
App Store
Google Play
Games
Cats are Liquid - A Better Place
Cats are Liquid - A Light in the Shadows
Loot Snake
© 2023 Last Quarter Studios Limited Partnership. All rights reserved.
© 2023 Valve Corporation. Steam and the Steam logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Google Play, the Google Play logo, YouTube, and the YouTube logo are trademarks of Google LLC. App Store and the App Store logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Twitter and the Twitter Bird logo are trademarks of Twitter Inc. or its affiliates. Discord and the Discord logo are trademarks of Discord Inc.
All other trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners.