Digital Pixel Productions
Toggle navigation
PRIVACY POLICY
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Digital Pixel Productions realizes the importance of protecting information we may collect.
This Privacy Policy governs the websites and online services operated by the Digital Pixel Productions.
By accessing and utilizing any of the Digital Pixel Productions Sites, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes what information the Digital Pixel Productions Sites collect from users, including children, when they visit the Digital Pixel Productions; how such information is used and stored; when such information may be disclosed to third parties; how users, parents, and guardians can control the use and disclosure of collected information; and how information is protected.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We may collect and process "personal information" (i.e. information that could be used to contact you, such as full name, postal address, user name and password, phone number or e-mail address), "demographic and usage information" (i.e. information that you submit, or that we collect, that is not personal information but necessary for the proper functioning of the Digital Pixel Productions, such as the date regarding the start and end and the extent of your usage of the Digital Pixel Productions, browser information and your site preferences), or "payment information" (i.e. information that you submit, including but not limited to personal information, that is needed to facilitate compensation for your enjoyment of certain aspects of the Digital Pixel Productions), in connection with the Digital Pixel Productions.
Personal information is used to enable visitors to take advantage of site offerings, respond to visitor’s requests for products, services, and information, manage games and Site functionality, serve appropriate material to visitors and customise content.
Demographic and usage information is used to track the effectiveness of our website and individual sections and pages within them. Some demographic and usage information, such as your IP address, is collected automatically.
Digital Pixel Productions does not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us. If you choose not to provide any personal information, we may not be able to provide access to certain sections of the Digital Pixel Productions, fulfil certain requests or complete your order, but you will still be free to browse the other sections which do not require registration. This means that you can visit our site without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. We do not make any association between demographic and usage information and personal information.
IP addresses are not stored, but are temporarily used to determine domain type and, in some cases, geographic region.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
Except as expressly provided herein, absent your prior consent, Digital Pixel Productions does not sell, rent, give away or share your personal information with any unrelated third parties.
The following describes some of the ways that your personal information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business:
We may access, preserve, and/or disclose the information we collect and/or content you provide to us (including information you may have posted on bulletin boards or internal site communication systems) to a law enforcement institution or other third parties if required to do so by law or with a good faith belief that such access, preservation, or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process and/or requests from governmental authorities; (b) enforce the terms of use of the respective Digital Pixel Productions; (c) respond to claims that the content violates any applicable law, rule, regulation or rights of a third party; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the owners of the Digital Pixel Productions, any user of the Digital Pixel Productions, a third party or the general public.
We also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability; to protect or defend our rights or property; or protect the safety, rights, or property of others. If you have concerns about the conduct of a particular user, please send an electronic mail to contact@digitalpixelproductions.com with the subject "User Conduct".
We may use third party internal service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of our business, products and/or the services that we provide to you. Accordingly, we may provide some of your personal information directly to these internal service providers (for example, network provider).
In some instances, the internal service provider may collect information directly from you. In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the internal service provider.
If you provide additional information to an internal service provider directly, then their use of your personally identifiable information is governed by their applicable privacy policy.
To prevent disclosure of your personally identifiable information to an external service provider, you can decline such consent or simply not use their services. As we do not control the privacy practices of these third parties, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to use their services.
Some Digital Pixel Productions offer co-branded services and features, such as services, games and promotions that we put together with another company ("Co-Branded Partner").
Such services may be hosted on a Site and/or our Co-Branded Partner's website. We may share your information with our Co-Branded Partner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-branded service or feature means that you opt-in and affirmatively consent to both the Digital Pixel Productions and our Co-Branded Partner collecting and using the information you provided during registration and/or in connection with the specific co-branded feature for fulfilment, marketing or administrative purposes. If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner's future use of your information for marketing purposes, you will need to contact the Co-Branded Partner directly. The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded feature or service.
DATA SECURITY
Personally identifiable information is stored on our server and is not publicly accessible.
Further, personally identifiable information is only accessed by Digital Pixel Productions personnel on a "need to know" basis.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Additionally, sensitive data such as credit card numbers are encrypted using SSL and other industry standard measures to provide an additional level of security.
In the unlikely event that an unauthorized third party compromises our security measures, you agree that we cannot be held responsible for any damages caused directly or indirectly by such third party’s viewing, use or dissemination of your information.
CHANGING OR UPDATING USER DATA
You have the right to access, update and correct factual inaccuracies in your personally identifiable information, subject to certain exceptions. If you would like to verify the data we have received from you or to make corrections to it, you may contact us directly at contact@digitalpixelproductions.com or at the mailing addresses first provided above.
Please list "Change In User Data" in your electronic mail subject line.
Where applicable, you may also edit data directly in a Site’s profile editing section. It is your responsibility to keep this information current, accurate and complete.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
Changing business practices and circumstances may require that we make changes to this privacy policy from time to time.
Any changes will be reflected on our website.
Digital Pixel Productions reserves the right to modify its website and/or this Privacy Policy at any time and users who continue to use and access the Digital Pixel Productions following modifications are deemed to be apprised of and bound by any such modifications.
Should any material changes be made to the ways in which we use personally identifiable information, Digital Pixel Productions will take commercially reasonable measures to notify you.
2016 © Copyright DigitalPixelProductions. All rights Reserved. Powered By DigitalPixelProductions
^