Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated date: February 05, 2021
This SERVICE("Callbreak") is provided by us at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our services.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information
        with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
Facebook Audience Network
Cookies
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies
        and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any
        other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your data, thus we are striving to  protect it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure
        and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
        We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case We discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, We immediately
        delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Permissions
This app uses only Internet permissions so that we can show you ads.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
Email :
xdee.dev@gmail.com