genina.com: Privacy policy
genina.com
Sign in
Register
Close
Account login
E-mail:
Password:
Forgot Password
Close
Reset password
E-mail:
(*) Please check your in-box for further instructions.
Please add DoNotReply@genina.com to your safe senders list to ensure that your email provider is not blocking messages from us.
forum
Privacy Policy
The privacy of our mobile users and visitors to genina.com
			is important to us. We will never sell nor share any of the information 
			stored on our servers to / with third parties.
At genina.com we recognize that privacy of your personal
			information is important. Here is information on what types of
			information we receive and collect when you use our mobile
			applications and / or visit genina.com, and how we safeguard 
			your information.
Mobile Applications
Google Play Services version 4.0 introduces new APIs and an ID for use
            by advertising and analytics providers. We collect and use this advertising
            identifier where available and are fully commited to the terms of use of these APIs and ID
            as outliined in
Google Play Developer Program Policies
.
Any other information submitted by you to our servers by means
            of one of our mobile applications will be available to these
            applications and will only be used for its intended purposes.
            The information thus submitted is kept strictly
            confidential and is not shared with nor sold to third parties.
Log Files
We do not collect nor store in the log files any personal or
			personally identifiable information regarding your visit to genina.com.
			In general, logging is turned off on our servers altogether. 
			Occasionally, we may enable logging to help us debug certain issues,
			however, only anonymous information is collected in such instances,
			and logging is turned off and all logs are purged immediately after
			the issue at hand has been resolved.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do not use cookies to store any personal or personally 
			identifiable information when you visit our site.
We do use third party advertisements, including Google, on 
			genina.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use 
			technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our
			site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through
			the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address,
			your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases,
			whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting
			purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for
			example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such
			as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). You
			can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party
			cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs
			such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are
			able to interact with our site as well as other sites.
Google uses the
DART
cookie to enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on
			your visit to genina.com and/or other sites on the Internet. You may
			opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising
opt-out page
.
			Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of
			cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative
opt-out page
.
Google Analytics
We reserve the right to anonymously track and review your activity using Google Analytics
			in order to improve your experience.
Should we exercise this right, only anonymous usage information will be
			submitted, and even your IP address will be anonymized by removing the
			last octet of the IP address prior to it being sent to Google Analytics.
Advertising / Ad Network Mediation with MoPub
MoPub, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Twitter, Inc.
		    that provides advertising technology services our applications
		    rely upon for delivering ads. By using our applications you provide
		    your consent for the transfer, storage, and use of your information
		    in the United States and other countries where MoPub,
		    their service providers and their Customers operate. The privacy
		    policy governing this information can be found here:
MoPub Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this privacy policy feel free to
contact us
.
© 2009 genina.com
Home
Privacy Policy
Contact Us