Privacy policies and trademarks
Escogitare
Accessible apps
Blog
Privacy policies and trademarks
Web Site Privacy Policy
We do not collect personal information.
This is a static site built with
jekyllrb.com
. This means that this website is just a collection of HTML pages and it is not able to store information. Note that we just install one cookie (to be compliant with the European Cookies Law), in order to remember your cookies choices.
Third party cookies
To help us provide you with the best service, some pages of this site use Google Analytics and Google AdSense, from Google Inc. Google Analytics and AdSense use “cookies” to analyze the site traffic. Please read its
privacy policy
, and its
cookies policy
. You can opt-out at the following addresses:
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and
www.google.com/ads/preferences
, or you can disable the cookies in your browser.
Google AdSense uses cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. They also share information about your use of our site with their social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Google Analitycs provides us anonymized information for internal use only.
Some pages also include YouTube videos. Their privacy and cookies policies are respectively at the following addresses:
www.google.it/intl/policies/policies/privacy
To find more information about the cookies and how to disable them, you can also check the site
www.youronlinechoices.com
.
How Google uses data when you use our sites or apps
Images licenses
Apps Privacy Policy
We do not collect or store user's personal information. We don't require you to provide any information.
We have access to the information about users of the apps, only in aggregate and anonymized form (e.g., number of downloads per Country, number of purchases, crashes, ...). We are not able to connect this information to a specific person or device.
Some of our apps are supported by ads, and to help us provide you with the best service, we work with third party analytics. You can check their privacy policies at the following addresses:
Google AdMob and Analytics:
https://www.google.com/intl/policies/policies/privacy
Apple:
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww
AppLovin:
www.applovin.com/privacy
How Google uses data when you use our apps
We provide support by email. When you ask for support, the information you send us are used only for this purpose. We do not give this information to other entities.
Trademarks
Android, Google Play and Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc.
Microsoft and Windows are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
Apple, the Apple logo, iPad, iPhone, iPod, iPod touch, iTunes, the iTunes logo, Mac, iMac, MacBook, MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, and OS X are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Mac App Store and App Store are services mark of Apple Inc.
Amazon, Amazon Appstore and their associated logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc.
Other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
Escogitare
Privacy policies and trademarks
This site uses third parties cookies to provide its services.
Privacy policy
.