Privacy Policy - Android | Gro Play - Playing to change the world
Gro Play
Apps
Games
Services
Education
Education
Recycling School Kit
Garden School Kit
About
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on June 24th, 2020.
Usage tracking
Some of our apps include a minimum of usage tracking that allows us to analyse the games and how they’re played and improve them for a better user experience. This data is never shared with any third party and the data is handled and transmitted in a secure way. The data is anonymous and can’t be used to identify a specific user or device.
Personally Identifiable Information
In our apps that allow the user to purchase the full version through an in-app purchase we use the unique device ID (Android ID) to secure the purchase data. The ID is not shared or transmitted out of the device but only used locally for this sole purpose.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act)
Data retention
User data is retained as long as it is necessary to provide the service. Data is deleted from our records when it is no longer needed within a reasonable timeframe.
Data security
Gro Play uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards in an attempt to keep the data it collects secure and requires that the third parties it works with agree to do the same. The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to those persons who need it to complete their work for Gro Play, using a firewall protected environment, and storing personal information encrypted and in secure operating environments.
Data removal
If you wish to remove your account complete from our systems, contact us at
privacy@groplay.com
.
Data retrieval
If you wish to retrieve a list of all data we have stored about your user, contact us at
privacy@groplay.com
.
Do you have other concerns or questions about our Privacy Policy?
If you have any other questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us at
privacy@groplay.com
.
German privacy policy & Terms of Service
Follow us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Google+
Pinterest
Contact us
Gro Play
Magnus Ladulåsgatan 39
SE-118 65 Stockholm
Sweden
info@groplay.com
We’re hiring
We’re always looking for talented people to join our team. Motion Graphics, 2D and 3D animation specialists.
Send us an application
© Gro Play
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy & Terms of Service
As seen on
STING helps talented people
                    to
turn their ideas into
sustainable businesses.