Untitled Document
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on 2016-12-05
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and  disclosure of information we receive from users of Lightning Rangers. By using  the app (Lightning Rangers), you agree to the collection and use of information  in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection
While using our app, we may ask you to provide us with certain information including: iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID, or unique device  identifiers log information in-game activities
We may use third party services such as Firebase Analytics, Facebook Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this log information.
We do
NOT
collect any information that identifies you  personally.
Use and Disclosure
We use the information we collect to provide and improve the app(Lightning  Rangers).
The information may be shared with advertisers so that they can decide whether  to bid on ad inventory or serve an advertisement and choose the best ad for  that device.
We do
NOT
share any information that identifies you  personally.
Security
The security of your personal Information is important to us, but remember that  no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage,  is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect  your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is effective as of 12/05/2016 and will remain in effect  except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will  be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right  to update or change our privacy policy at any time and you should check this  privacy policy periodically. Your continued use of the service after we post  any modifications to the privacy policy on this page will constitute your  acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by  the modified privacy policy. If we make any material changes to this privacy  policy, we will notify you through in-game announcements.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at  service@uwan.com.tw