Privacy Policy
Effective date: January 21, 2020
WayForward Technologies, Inc. ("us", "we",
			“WayForward”, or alternative first person reference) wants to thank you for your interest in
			connection with our interactive entertainment product entitled,
Miraculous
			Crush
(the “Game”) available in the Apple App Store and the Google
			Play Store (the “Digital Storefronts”).  If you are here, you have either been directed
			here through our Game, the applicable Digital Storefront or through our website(s): https://wayforward.com/
			or https://family.wayforward.com (the “Website(s)”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure
			of personal data when you use our Services, as defined below, your rights to your data under US and
			International Law, including but not limited to the EU Directive 2002/58/EC and the EU General Data
			Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and
			Marketing Act of 2003 (“CAN-SPAM”), the US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
			(“COPPA”), and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), and the choices you
			have associated with that data. For individuals located in Brazil, we also seek to follow the Lei Geral de
			Proteção de Dados (commonly referred to as the “LGPD”). This privacy policy
			applies to the Website(s), any and all of our Games (including, without limitation, enhancements thereto or
			future DLC), our content, applications, services, patches, updates, or tools (each individually a
			“Service” and collectively the "Services") where this Privacy Policy is referenced,
			regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices. This Privacy Policy does not
			apply to any third party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our
			Services.
We use your data to provide and improve the Services. This Privacy Policy is solely
			intended to inform you of our data collection practices and your rights to any of your data that we may
			collect. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same
			meanings as in our Terms of Service, accessible here:
wayforward.com/terms-of-service
.
This Privacy Policy describes:
The information we collect, how we collect such information and
				the purposes of our collection;
How we use and with whom we share such information;
How you can access and update your information; and
How we protect the information we store about you.
Disclosure to California Residents
: In our efforts to
			comply with applicable regulation, we ask and advise that California residents review the “CCPA
			Disclosure” at the end of this document.
Disclosure to Residents of Brazil
: The LGPD grants
			residents of Brazil certain rights about the processing of their personal information and we ask and advise
			that residents of Brazil review the rights outlined in the “Your Rights” section of this Privacy
			Policy.
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.
			An identifiable individual is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an
			identifier such as a name, a device identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or
			more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity
			of that natural person.
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the
			Services or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s Device, as defined
			below.
Data Controller and Data Protection Officer
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other
			persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any Personal Data are, or are to be,
			processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data. Where we have a
			legal obligation to do so, we have appointed data protection officers (DPOs) to be responsible for our
			privacy program. You can contact our DPO via the Contact Us information detailed below in this Privacy
			Policy.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the
			Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various
			third party Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is you - the individual using our Services! The User corresponds to the Data
			Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve
			our Services to you.
Information We Collect
Personal Data
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally
			identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you, or for updates (for example, if you
			request customer support or log in to our Game using your social media account) ("Personal Data").
			 We may also store customer support correspondence and any information contained within.
Personal Data may include, but is not limited to, your name, Facebook, Google or
			Apple log in information and associated profile picture, and e-mail address. Personal Data also includes the
			unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) that is associated, on a persistent or on-going basis,
			with your computer, mobile phone or other device (any, a “Device”) you use to access the
			Services. This information may also be used to publicly identify you as part of social features of the
			Services, which may include public leaderboards and other similar features, or privately in-Game through
			avatars. The applicable Digital Storefront may also retain credit card or other billing information to
			enable you to purchase items through our Game without having to re-enter such information each time. Please
			note that purchases from third parties may also be subject to additional policies.
With your consent, we may also use your Personal Data to provide you with
			advertisements, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You
			may opt out at any time by emailing
support@wayforward.com
or
			accessing your privacy settings in-Game.
Tracking, Cookies and Usage Data
We, or our third party service providers operating through our Website(s) or Game
			(such as analytics providers like Google Analytics) may also may also collect usage information concerning
			your access and use of the Services, or use cookies or similar tracking technologies to track your activity
			in connection with our Services and hold certain information. This may include information such as gameplay
			data, progression and metrics, in-Game purchases, your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP
			address) or operating system, browser type or version, the domain name of the Internet service provider you
			are using, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those
			pages, the content viewed on those pages, the advertisements you have been shown and/or click, unique Device
			Identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which are sent to your browser from a
			website and stored on your Device. Tracking technologies also used may be log files, beacons, tags, and
			scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Services.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is
			being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our
			Services.
Examples of Cookies that may be present on our Website(s) as well as their
			uses:
Session Cookies.
To operate
				our Service.
Preference Cookies.
To
				remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
For security
				purposes.
Use of Data
We use your Personal Data to provide you with our Services, to comply with our
			legal obligation, protect your vital interest, or as may be required for the public good. This includes
			to:
Provide and maintain our Services;
Notify you about updates or changes to our Services, this
				Privacy Policy or any applicable Terms of Service;
Facilitate in-app purchases;
Store in-Game progress;
Allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services
				when you choose to do so and to the extent applicable (such as
in-Game
				leaderboards);
Provide customer support; and
Prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security
				breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
We also use your Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests where your
			rights and freedoms do not outweigh these interests. We have implemented controls to balance our interests
			with your rights. This includes to:
Track user retention and aggregated gameplay information, as
				well as gather analysis or other valuable information, to improve overall User experience, gameplay and
				delivery with regard to our Games and Services;
Monitor the usage of our Services;
Deliver and target non-behavioral or non-personalized
				advertising;
Detect, prevent and address technical issues; and
Enforce any Terms of Service with respect to our Games and
				Services, to the extent applicable.
With your consent, we may use your personal information to:
Deliver and target behavioral or personalized advertising and
				provide you with general information about other goods or services, unless you have opted not to receive
				such information;
Provide you with marketing from third parties;
Provide you with updates concerning our Games or future titles;
				and
Contact you in connection with prior customer support or
				Services you have experienced.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Retention of Data
All data we collect is stored on our third party Service Provider Firebase. For more
			information about their security policies, please review Firebase’s privacy policy at:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
.
WayForward will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the
			purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary
			to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with
			applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
WayForward will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is
			generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or
			to improve the functionality of our Services, or we are legally or contractually obligated to retain this
			data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and
			maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental
			jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us,
			please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it
			there.
WayForward will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is
			treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take
			place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of
			your data and other personal information. The transfer of such data is typically for the purpose of
			fulfilling our contract with you, as specified above. Therefore, any request to delete or modify such
			Personal Data may result in the termination or interruption of our Services with respect to your usage of
			such Services.
Disclosure Of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, WayForward may be required to disclose your Personal
			Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a
			government agency).
Legal Requirements
WayForward may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action
			is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation;
Protect and defend the rights or property of WayForward;
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with
				the Services;
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Services or the
				public; or
Protect against legal liability.
Change of Control
If we are subject to a merger or acquisition with/by another company, we may
			transfer all of your information, including Personal Data, to the successor organization in such transition.
			If we intend to handle your Personal Data for any purposes not covered in this privacy notice, you will
			receive prior notification of the processing of your Personal Data for the new purposes.
Security Of Data
We protect your Personal Data using technical and administrative security measures to
			reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we
			use may include firewalls and data encryption, access controls, and information access authorization
			controls. The security of your Personal Data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission
			over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially
			acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
California Do Not Track Disclosure
In September
			2013, California enacted amendments to the California Online Privacy Protection Act (California Business
			& Professions Code §§22575-22579) which require operators of websites to disclose how they
			respond to “do not track” (DNT) signals from browsers used by consumers or other mechanisms that
			provide consumers a choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about the
			consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites or online services. You can
			enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
While some newer browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” features
			which, when turned on, send a signal or preference to the websites you visit indicating that you do not wish
			your online activity to be tracked, a DNT protocol that can be implemented across multiple devices and
			websites has not yet been widely adopted. Currently, we support, and honor DNT signals that we may receive.
			For more information about Do Not Track, please visit:
www.allaboutdnt.org
.
Your Rights
WayForward aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or
			limit the use of your Personal Data.
You may update, correct, or provide additional information to your Personal Data by
			resubmitting your information or contacting us directly. If you are correcting information provided to a
			third party (such as those identified in the “Service Providers” section below) please correct
			your information via the methods and direction provided by the third party.
If you wish to be informed of what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it
			to be removed from our systems, please contact us via any of the contact options provided at the end of this
			Privacy Policy. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such
			requests.
You have the right to:
Know what personal information we maintain about you;
Receive a copy of your personal information in a structured,
				commonly used and machine-readable or commonly used electronic format on request;
Update and modify personal information which may be incorrect or
				incomplete;
Object to our processing of your personal information when
				collection is based on a legitimate interest; and
Delete or restrict how we use your personal information, but
				this right is determined by applicable law and may impact your access to some of our Services.
How to Control Your Information
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation, individuals residing in the EU and
			other territories that have adopted GDPR compliance or comparable regulation have a right to:
Access their User data;
Correct the data they have provided to us;
Have information provided to them in a portable format;
Request the deletion of the data we have collected;
Restrict processing; and
Object to processing or the legal basis on which we rely to
				process their data.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such
			requests.
You may send an e-mail to
suppport@wayforward.com
with your
			request to exercise any of the rights identified above. Place the reason for your request (e.g.
			“Delete my Data” or “Correct my Data”) in the subject line and include your first
			name, last name, and e-mail address in the body of the e-mail. We will respond to your request within thirty
			(30) days. Please note that certain records, for example those pertaining to payments or customer service
			matters, will be retained for legal and accounting purposes.
We are unable to delete data controlled
			solely by third parties; for example, if you purchase one of our Games through the Digital Storefronts, we
			won’t be able to delete the data collected by the applicable Digital Storefront in connection with
			your purchase or your Digital Storefront account. Similarly, if you access any our of Services through third
			party social media or service platforms, such as Facebook, or if you are routed to a third party Service
			Provider’s website through our Services, you will need to make any deletion requests to those
			respective third parties separately.
Opt Out Options
Opting out of Promotional Communications
You can choose to opt out of receiving promotional e-mails and product updates from
			WayForward by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link where applicable. Please note that once we
			receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective. Your
			unsubscribe or e-mail preference change will be processed promptly, usually within five (5) business days
			depending on the applicable platform.
Opt Out Limitations
Please note that if you opt-out of our promotional communications or other forms of
			communication, we may still e-mail or communicate with you from time to time if we need to provide you with
			information and updates concerning this Privacy Policy or any applicable Terms of Service, respond to any
			customer service or technical support inquiry, or for other legitimate non-marketing reasons.
Individuals Located in Brazil
The LGPD grants you certain rights about the processing of your personal information.
			 In addition to any applicable rights mentioned above, eligible residents of Brazil also have the
			right: (i) to the anonymization, blocking, or elimination of your personal information, if you believe we
			are processing your personal information in an unnecessary, exceeding or non-compliant manner with the LGPD;
			(ii) to request the portability of your personal information; (iii) to request information about the
			entities with which we have shared your personal information; and (iv) to request information about the
			possibility and consequences of denying consent.  While our processing of personal information
			generally does not include automated decision-making, you are also entitled to a review of our decisions
			that are made solely based on automated processing of personal information that affect your interests.
			 Notwithstanding any other references to the contrary within this Privacy Policy, in accordance with
			the LGPD, we will respond to your request within fifteen (15) days after receipt and we will provide any
			requested information free of charge to you.  You may also file a complaint with the National Data
			Protection Authority in Brazil, the Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados
			(“ANPD”) for alleged violations of the LGPD, in addition to or alternatively to seeking judicial
			redress.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to monitor the use of our
			Services, facilitate our Services ("Service Providers"), to provide the Services on our behalf, to
			perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties
			have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to
			disclose or use it for any other purpose.
We do not actively share Personal Data with third party advertisers unless you give
			us your consent. We may share (i) aggregated information (information about you and other users
			collectively, but not specifically identifiable to you); (ii) anonymous information; and (iii) certain
			technical information to develop and deliver advertising in our Game(s).
With your consent, we may also allow advertisers to collect certain types of Personal
			Data in-Game and they may share it with us. The information collected may be used to offer you targeted
			ad-selection and delivery in order to personalize your User experience by ensuring that advertisements for
			products and services you see will appeal to you, a practice known as behavioral advertising, and to
			undertake web, mobile or game analytics (i.e. to analyze traffic and other User activity to improve your
			experience).
We may disclose aggregated and anonymous information to describe the Services to
			prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. We may use
			aggregate, non-personally identifiable information for our own internal promotion or marketing purposes and
			we may share such aggregate non-personally identifiable information with others for marketing
			purposes.
Web Services, Payment Processing, Analytics and Advertising
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is an analytics service offered by Google that tracks and
			reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Services. For
			more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en_US
We may also make use of the following third-party Service Providers with links to
			their respective privacy policies as follows:
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
AdColony
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AdMob
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/ccpatermsupdates/
Chartboost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269/
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
Fyber
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
Google Ad Manager
https://policies.google.com/privacy/
InMobi
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
IronSource
https://www.ironsrc.com/privacy-policy/
MoPub
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
TapJoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/players/privacy-policy/
Unity
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Superawesome
https://www.superawesome.com/privacy-hub/privacy-policy/
Kidoz
https://kidoz.net/website-and-kidoz-sdk-privacy-policy/
Links To Other Websites
Our Services may also contain advertisements or links from companies other than
			WayForward that may link to websites that are not operated by us. If you click on such third party links or
			advertisements, you will be directed to that third party's website.  We strongly advise you to
			review the Privacy Policy of every website you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility
			for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party websites or services. If you have any
			questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact
			them directly. In certain instances, you may need to opt in or opt out of advertising directly through our
			partners. Please refer to the table provided above for a list of our third party Service Providers.
Children's Privacy
Our Games are family friendly and we encourage parents and guardians to use our
			Games with their children ages 9 and above. However, we take children’s privacy very seriously, and we
			do not directly or knowingly collect any Personal Data from Users deemed to be children under their
			respective national laws through our Website, nor do we collect any Personal Data from Users under the age
			of 16 through our Games. We strive to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of
			1998, the US law that protects the privacy and information of children. We strongly encourage parents and
			guardians to learn more about this important regulation. For more information, you can visit:
https://epic.org/privacy/kids/#introduction
.
If you are underage and using our Services, please have a parent or guardian nearby
			to provide any Personal Data we may request, including your Facebook, Google or Apple log in information to
			log into our Game. Users must verify that they are at least 16 years of age before providing this
			information.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us
			with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children
			without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
That being said, we understand that children may use our Services without directly
			providing personal information. We may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons,
			and similar technologies to collect information through our Services, including helping with analytics. You
			may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is
			different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser (typically in the "help"
			section). If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of our
			Services may no longer be available to you or your child.
We may also aggregate your or your child's information with information about
			other Users in a way that does not directly identify you or your child.
We also may share aggregated or de-identified information with third parties,
			including to help us develop, analyze and improve content and Services. It is possible that the third
			parties may use this aggregated or de-identified information to develop their own products and service
			offerings.
Information Regarding Parental Consent, Access, and Deletion
You have control over your Personal Data as stated above, under the section called
			“Your Rights”. This information applies to Personal Data adults, parents or guardians may
			provide when accessing the Services. However, we do not collect any additional Personal Data from children
			or Users under 16 in connection with our Services. As we do not collect Personal Data from children, we are
			not able to identify your child and therefore are not able to fulfill modification, access, correction,
			deletion, or portability requests set forth above for your child’s Personal information.
If WayForward ever does in the future collect, use or disclose Personal Data from
			your child, we will endeavor to obtain a parent or legal guardian's consent before doing so or otherwise
			comply with law. We will not keep this Personal Data for longer than necessary. Parents or legal guardians
			may also contact us to ask if we have collected their child's personal account information, to review
			that information, if any, and request that we stop collecting this information and have it deleted. Such
			requests are subject to us verifying to our satisfaction that the requester is in fact the child's
			parent or legal guardian.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes
			by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via e-mail and/or a prominent notice on
			our Services, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Effective Date" at the top of
			this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes
			to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
Reach our Data Protection Officer by e-mail:
				voldi@wayforward.com
By visiting this page on our Website: www.wayforward.com
By phone number: 1+ (661) 420-4757
Or by mail
				at:        WayForward Technologies, Inc.
Attn:  Data Protection Officer
28738 The Old Road
Valencia, CA 91355
California Consumer Data Rights
WayForward Technologies, Inc. complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act of
			2018 (CCPA), effective January 1, 2020. This landmark piece of legislation secures new privacy rights for
			California consumers.
Categories of Data We Collect and Their Uses
In addition to the details provided in our Privacy Policy, we collect information
			that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably
			be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular User or Device (“Personal Information”). In
			particular, we have collected the following categories of Personal Information from Users within the last
			twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
Reason for Collection
Is Information “Sold” to 3
rd
Pty?
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier,
							online identifier, Internet Protocol address, e-mail address, account name, Social Security
							number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
Game functionality (saving game progress, etc.)
Marketing (sign-in to website)
In-Game advertising
Yes
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer
							Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics
							or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state
							identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment
							history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial
							information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information
							included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
Game functionality (saving game progress, etc.)
Marketing (sign-in to website)
In-Game advertising
No
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal
							law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin,
							citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental
							disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or
							childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status,
							genetic information (including familial genetic information).
No
N/A
N/A
Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased,
							obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
No
N/A
N/A
Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics,
							or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying
							information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans,
							keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
N/A
N/A
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's
							interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
Cookies may be used on our Website, we may save your User settings in
							our products, and we may collect certain in-Game scoring or statistical information.
No
Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
No
N/A
N/A
Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
							information.
No
N/A
N/A
Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
No
N/A
N/A
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights
							and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an
							educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class
							lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or
							student disciplinary records.
No
N/A
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics,
							psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and
							aptitudes.
No
N/A
N/A
Personal Information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance
				Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical
				Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; or
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific
				privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or
				California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of
				1994.
We obtain the categories of Personal Information listed above from the following
			categories of sources:
Directly from our Users. For example, from customers who sign up
				for our Services, engage us for customer support or provide customer feedback.
Indirectly from our Users. For example, through information we
				collect from our Users in the course of providing customer support to them.
Directly and indirectly from activity on our Websites or through
				the Services. For example, from APIs and cookies (described above) embedded in our Websites, as
				applicable, and other information related to improving our products.
From third parties that interact with us in connection with the
				Services we perform.
All such Personal Information is used as otherwise described above in our Privacy
			Policy.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information to our affiliates, Service Providers, or
			third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your Personal Information in connection
			with products or Services we provide to you for business purposes.  When we disclose Personal
			Information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the
			recipient to both keep that Personal Information confidential and not use it for any purpose except
			performing the contract.
Your Rights and Choices
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about
			our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and
			confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about
				you;
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we
				collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that Personal
				Information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal
				Information; and
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about
				you (also called a “data portability” request).
If we sell your Personal Information for a business purpose, we will also disclose
			to you:
The Personal Information that each category of recipient
				purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal
				Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that
			we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your
			verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our Service Providers to delete) your Personal
			Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us
			or our Service Providers to:
Complete any transaction for which we collected the Personal
				Information, provide a product or Service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within
				the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with
				you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive,
				fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products, including our Website(s) and Games, and to
				identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to
				exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act
				(Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or
				statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy
				laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the
				research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with
				consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are
				compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above,
			please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at (661) 420-4757
Sending us a letter
				at:        WayForward Technologies, Inc.
Attn:  Data Protection Officer
28738 The Old Road
Valencia, CA 91355
Requests must include "California Privacy Rights Request" in the first
			line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you
			authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal
			Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability
			twice within a twelve (12) month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably
				verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative;
				and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to
				properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we
			cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to
			you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We
			will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's
			identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45)
			days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to ninety (90) days), we will inform you of the
			reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month
			period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.  The response we provide will also
			explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we
			will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to
			transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request
			unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants
			a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing
			your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
			Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services,
				including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;
				or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods
				or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.