Privacy
Skip to main content
Privacy
Search
Search This Blog
Privacy
September 22, 2018
Privacy Policy
Marble Game - Match 3 team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how Marble Game - Match 3 collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Marble Game - Match 3’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. Marble Game - Match 3 reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If Marble Game - Match 3 makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Marble Game - Match 3 may post a notice on Marble Game - Match 3’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data Marble Game - Match 3 may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all Marble Game - Match 3 users.
Marble Game - Match 3 may use and disclose to Marble Game - Match 3’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Marble Game - Match 3 services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Marble Game - Match 3 may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by Marble Game - Match 3 is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account
information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. Marble Game - Match 3 also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
Marble Game - Match 3 may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other Marble Game - Match 3 services and products. Marble Game - Match 3 may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Marble Game - Match 3 may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Marble Game - Match 3. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Marble Game - Match 3 may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Marble Game - Match 3 and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Marble Game - Match 3 collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Marble Game - Match 3 may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Marble Game - Match 3 may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Marble Game - Match 3’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Marble Game - Match 3. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Marble Game - Match 3 may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Marble Game - Match 3 has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for Marble Game - Match 3. Marble Game - Match 3 is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
Marble Game - Match 3 may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Marble Game - Match 3 to legal liability. Marble Game - Match 3 may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Marble Game - Match 3 has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Marble Game - Match 3’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Marble Game - Match 3 believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Marble Game - Match 3’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Marble Game - Match 3. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Marble Game - Match 3 will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Marble Game - Match 3’s website or in another reasonable manner.
Safeguards
Marble Game - Match 3 follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Marble Game - Match 3’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in Marble Game - Match 3’s possession. Personal data collected by Marble Game - Match 3 is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, Marble Game - Match 3 maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite Marble Game - Match 3’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services Marble Game - Match 3 may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Marble Game - Match 3 is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. Marble Game - Match 3 takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. Marble Game - Match 3 does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if Marble Game - Match 3 learns that Marble Game - Match 3 has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, Marble Game - Match 3 will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from Marble Game - Match 3’s records.
Marble Game - Match 3 may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Marble Game - Match 3 may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Marble Game - Match 3’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
Marble Game - Match 3 regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If Marble Game - Match 3 receives a formal written complaint from you, it is Marble Game - Match 3’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. Marble Game - Match 3 will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and Marble Game - Match 3.
Contact Us
mail: maniamatch3@gmail.com
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Unknown
July 28, 2021 at 3:14 AM
Tô esperando meu dinheiro até hoje vcs são fake
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unow22
October 27, 2021 at 7:57 AM
If you are a person who frequently or casually smokes marijuana, then having a personal drug test kit at home is not a bad idea. Rather than panicking before a big THC drug test at your workplace or being tested by law enforcement, you can pre-test yourself at home and decide what kind of detox program you should adopt. Most cannabis testing kits involve urine testing that is used to test for traces of THC and CBD in your system. The Marijuana Drug Test Kit by QuickTest contains a one-time-use marijuana home test strip that should be used as soon as you open the package. Prepare a urine sample beforehand and dip the test panel as indicated by the arrow for about 10 to 15 minutes. Do make sure the sample does not go beyond the arrow while using the kit. After this step, place the test panel on a plain, non-absorbent surface for five minutes or at least until the lines on the kit become clearer. The drug test kit gives you 99% accurate results that should be interpreted after ten minutes of use. This drug test is used by businesses and law enforcement, and it is extremely successful at identifying drug traces when compared to blood and urine samples. Before getting results from a hair follicle drug test, a chunk or even a single hair (typically from the root or follicle) must be sent to a laboratory overnight. Drug residues can commonly be found in a person's hair for up to three months. This happens because a hair follicle's blood vessels are in constant touch with the bloodstream, allowing toxins to accumulate. In general, hair follicle tests may reveal the following: The detox shampoos stated above are among the best detox shampoos on the market. Many customers think they are well worth the money, especially when it comes to the results on their hair. You not only receive the stress-free experience of passing innovative hair follicle drug tests, but you also gain shinier, healthier hair as a result. Hair that has undergone a detox treatment has the dullness removed, so you're in for a treat.
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Archive
September 2018
1
Report Abuse
Powered by Blogger