首页
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PRIVATE POLICY
Stunt Puzzle Games
The privacy of your personal and non-personal information is afforded the highest level of importance by EStunt Puzzle Games.
We will strictly comply with all relevant legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our website.
If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Websites/Apps.
Use of information – purpose and legal basis
We use information about you for the following purposes in accordance with the legal bases for each type of personal data as described below:
Age
-is being processed:
a.to identify whether you are a child or adult for data protection purposes to determine the legal requirements for our processing of your data.
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for compliance purposes, see Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.
Log-, device-, usage-, and consumption information
-are being processed:
b.to provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information as requested by you / as agreed with you;
c.to provide and maintain the App and the game experience; and
d.to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Our processing for the above purposes is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party in order to support the operation of the App, facilitate the delivery of requested products and services and enable maintenance and update of the App, see Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
e.to provide news and information about the App that we think will be of interest to you;
f.to personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features;
g.to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the App; and
h.to provide children (as this term is construed under GDPR in EU, COPPA in the US and relevant applicable legislation in other jurisdictions) with reasonable contextual advertisements in the App.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. We will cease the processing of your personal data for this purpose after the objection. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the App will cease automatically.
Right to rectification and erasure
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, see Article 16 of the GDPR.Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party in order to facilitate the delivery of requested products and services, see Section 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
Sharing of information
We disclose information about you to the following categories of recipients based on the legal bases in Sections 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c) and 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (see a description of the legal bases above):
Furthermore, if you have given your consent in accordance with Section 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, we share your advertising ID to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within the App. We use or may use the advertising network companies.
k.to link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (also known as "the balancing-of-interest rule").
i.to provide non-child users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified under Sharing of Information) for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in the App (behavioral advertising).
Our processing for the above purpose is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. The disclosure of your advertising ID to third parties for the purposes of behavioral advertising is based on your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR (see more below under Sharing of Information).
Information from other sources
-are being processed:
provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information;
We only process your information to the extent that is necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information has been collected.
Your rights
If you wish to use any of the rights described below, you may contact us at any time by emailing us.e process and answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the request. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as permitted by Article 12 of the GDPR.
Right to request access
You have the right to request access into the data that we are processing on you, see
Article 15 of the GDPR, including information about:
Furthermore, you have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. Please note that the access may be restricted due to intellectual property or trade secrets.
The right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of-interest rule in Section 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, see Article 21 of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
to provide news and information about the App we think will be of interest to you;
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal data erased where one of the following grounds applies, see Article 17 of the GDPR:
Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to restriction
You have the right to obtain restriction of processing in certain circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR.
•the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed,
•if you have withdrawn your consent and there are no other legal grounds for the processing,
•if you have objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing,
•the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law,
•the personal data have been unlawfully processed or
•the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
•the purposes of the processing
•the categories of personal data concerned
•the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed
•the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored
Email : zhangbaoh1532@gmail.com
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse