One Hit Game
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
One Hit Game
Privacy Policy
One Hit Game team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how One Hit Game collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with One Hit Game’s Services. BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. One Hit Game reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If One Hit Game makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, One Hit Game may post a notice on One Hit Game’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy. Non-personal data For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data One Hit Game may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all One Hit Game users. One Hit Game may use and disclose to One Hit Game’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other One Hit Game services and products. You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by One Hit Game may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. Personal Data For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual. Personal information collected by One Hit Game is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. One Hit Game also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages. One Hit Game may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other One Hit Game services and products. One Hit Game may combine non-personal data with personal data. Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, One Hit Game may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to One Hit Game. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. One Hit Game may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by One Hit Game and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data One Hit Game collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, One Hit Game may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy. One Hit Game may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on One Hit Game’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by One Hit Game. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. One Hit Game may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. One Hit Game has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for One Hit Game. One Hit Game is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law. One Hit Game may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or One Hit Game to legal liability. One Hit Game may also disclose your personal data to third parties when One Hit Game has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with One Hit Game’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or One Hit Game believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect One Hit Game’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on One Hit Game. To the extent permitted by applicable law, One Hit Game will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through One Hit Game’s website or in another reasonable manner. Safeguards One Hit Game follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in One Hit Game’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in One Hit Game’s possession. Personal data collected by One Hit Game is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, One Hit Game maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite One Hit Game’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk. Other Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services One Hit Game may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. One Hit Game is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums. If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. One Hit Game takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. One Hit Game does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if One Hit Game learns that One Hit Game has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, One Hit Game will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from One Hit Game’s records. One Hit Game may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. One Hit Game may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of One Hit Game’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data. One Hit Game regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If One Hit Game receives a formal written complaint from you, it is One Hit Game’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. One Hit Game will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and One Hit Game.
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE GDPR
You are entitled to obtain information from us on how we handle your personal data, to see copies of all personal data held by us and to request that your personal data is amended, corrected or deleted from our systems. You can also limit, restrict or object to the processing of your data. We do not carry out any decision-making based solely on automated processing, including profiling. If you gave us your consent to use your data, e.g. so that we can send you marketing emails or display personalised ads, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Please note that even if you withdraw your consent, we can still rely on the consent you gave as the lawful basis for processing your personal data before you withdrew your consent. You can object to our use of your personal data where we stated we rely on our legitimate business interests to do so.
Contact Us mail:
onehithk@hotmail.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse