Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Mas 3D Studio
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
November 03, 2020
Mas 3D Studio
reserves the right to amend our Privacy Policy
at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from
the date of issue on our website.
If you are a minor at law (which usually means
you are aged fewer than 18 in countries including Australia and the United
States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), the
privacy of your personal and non-personal information is afforded the highest
level of importance by
Mas 3D Studio
.
You must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any
personal information.
-are being processed:
Use of information – purpose and legal basis
We use information about you for the following
purposes in accordance with the legal bases for each type of personal data as
described below:
usage -,Log-, device-, -, and consumption
information
Age.
(Behavioral advertising).
- To provide news and information about the App
that we think will be of interest to you.
- to provide children (as this term is construed
under GDPR in EU, COPPA in the US and relevant applicable legislation in other
jurisdictions) with reasonable contextual advertisements in the App.
- to provide non-child users that have given us
consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further
specified under Sharing of Information) for the purpose of serving them with
personalized advertisement in the App
- to provide and maintain the App and the game
experience; and
to monitor and analyze trends, usage and
activities in connection with the App; and
Our processing for the above purpose is
necessary for compliance purposes, see Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.
- to identify whether you are a child or adult
for data protection purposes to determine the legal requirements for our
processing of your data
- to provide and deliver the products and
services you request and send you related information as requested by you / as
agreed with you; - to personalize and improve the App and provide tailored
content and features;
The right to restriction
Please note that your right to erasure may be
limited if the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for
the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Sharing of information
We disclose information about you to the
following categories of recipients based on the legal bases in Sections
6(1)(b), 6(1)(c) and 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (see a description of the legal bases
above):
Furthermore, if you have given your consent in
accordance with Section 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, We use or may use the advertising
network companies.
Your rights:
Mas 3D
Studio
shares your advertising ID to
advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral
advertisements to you within the App.
If you wish to use any of the rights described
below, you may contact us at any time by emailing us.
If you have the right to restriction, we will
only process your data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or
defense of a legal claim or to protect a person or important grounds of public
interest, You have the right to obtain restriction of processing in certain
circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR.
Right to request access
Article 15 of the GDPR, including information
about:
You have the right to request access into the
data that we are processing on you, see
•the categories of personal data concerned
•the purposes of the processing
•the envisaged period for which the personal
data will be stored
Right to rectification and erasure
you have the right to have inaccurate personal
data rectified, see Article 16 of the GDPR.
Furthermore, you have the right to have your
personal data erased where one of the following grounds applies, see Article 17
of the GDPR:
If we have asked for your consent to our
processing of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any
time, see Article 7 of the GDPR.
•the personal data have been collected in
relation to the offer of information society services.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent,
your user license to use the App will cease automatically
The right to withdraw consent
•the personal data have been unlawfully
processed or
•if you have objected to the processing and
there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing.
•the personal data have to be erased for
compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law,
Collection of Information
Such Non-Personal Information is not combined
with Personal Information unless you choose to submit Personal Information to
us.
We will only collect information Personal and
non-personal where it is reasonably necessary to do so for the conduct of our
business.
Any collection of personal information by us
will be fair and lawful and will not be intrusive. We will not collect any
Personal Information from you simply by virtue of your visiting our Website; we
only collect it if you choose to submit it to us. We do,
We may collect information regarding your use of
our software, applications and/or services, including information about the
duration of your use, the features you use and your interactions with other
users of the software, applications and/or services. However, collect
Non-Personal Information such as device IDs, IP addresses and other persistent
identifiers, as well as Usage Data, whenever you use our Website/Apps.
The withdrawal of your consent does not affect
the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal. If
you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the data for which you
have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal obligation to keep some or parts
of your data.
Use and Disclosure of Information
Mas 3D
Studio
will provide you with the
opportunity to opt out of receiving such materials in the future.
You may also opt out of receiving such materials
at any time in accordance with the instructions provided in this Provide you
with any services, goods, or functionality you have requested; to respond to
any inquiries you have made through our customer service features, to send you
newsletters, promotions or marketing materials. Privacy Policy.
Below are provider names of some of the third
party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to
learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
• Game Analytics:
http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacyAppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
• Super Sonic:
https://www.supersonic.com/privacy-policy/
• Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
• Adcolony:
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
• Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
• Heyzap: https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
• Admob: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
• Google Analytics:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
• Firebase:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
• Firebase:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
• Admob: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Security
For better user experience, we may get the
following information
We are committed to ensuring that your
information is secure theft, loss, alteration, destruction, unauthorized access
or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial
procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
1. App Usage Data and User Behavior
2. Demographic information such as location,
preferences and interests for Remarketing purposes
3. Your public information if social media is
used in the app.
Advertising
What we do with the information we gather We
require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better
service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Non-Personal Information such as age and gender
may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. By using
our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. placed within the ads
and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information.
You expressly agree that we may transfer and
store your information on servers and equipment located in any territory,
including, without limitation, Australia and the United States of America etc.
We or the ad networks we use may utilize
ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other
technologies that are Transfer of Information Overseas
1. We may use the information to improve our
products and services.
2. The personal data processed
3. We may use the information
4. Internal record keeping.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions
regarding this privacy policy then email us at masohail2015@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Unknown
September 15, 2021 at 6:36 AM
0599880762
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unknown
October 9, 2021 at 9:09 AM
Rajesh
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Mas 3D Studioz
Visit profile
Archive
November 2020
1
Report Abuse