Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Guangzhou Hippo Games Technology Corporation (“we”, “our” and “us”) as the operator of our official website (“Site”) may collect, use and disclose your Information and how you may control it.
Before accessing or using our services, please carefully read and understand the Privacy Policy to determine whether to accept its binding terms. Accessing or using our services is deemed that you have read and understood the Privacy Policy and its legal consequences and you gave us consent to collect, store, use and disclose your Information according to the Privacy Policy.
Be aware, please refrain from or terminate using or accessing our services if you do not agree with this Privacy Policy.
I. Personal Information We Collect
1. Personal Information (“Information”), refers to any information or combination of information that can be used to identify you and that generates, relates to or triggers during user’s using our Site, including but not limited to your login ID, login password, cellphone numbers, phone numbers, verification codes, name, ID numbers, device models, device OS versions, API versions, IP addresses, MAC addresses, device identification codes, unique device identifiers, locations, habits of using the internet, internet status and image resources.
2. You promise and guarantee to truthfully fill in your personal profile and data, including but not limited to your name, sex, age, ID numbers, phone numbers, addresses, postal codes and E-mails and update them timely to ensure their validity, security and timeliness. You shall assume any loss, expense, or consequences on your own during using the services on our Site if we fail to contact you through the Information you provide.
3. You agree that, otherwise prohibited by the law, apart from your personal profile and data you make available to us, we are authorized to, for providing our service, voluntarily or through Other Entities (including but not limited to credit information services, industry associations and other third-party entities) legally collect your additional information, including but not limited to:
i. your other personal information, including but not limited to other information or combination of information that can be used to identify you;
ii. certain information that you agree us to automatically track based on your behaviors on our Site. We may, under strict protection of your Information, use the collected information in analysis and rational business purposes to better understand and serve you.
iii. information collection devices such as “Cookies” the you agree us to use on our Site. “Cookies” are files storing information that help us to give you customized services. Certain functions on our Site rely on Cookies. We also use Cookies to reduce your times to input your password during a certain period. Cookies help us provide you with information meeting your interests
II. How to Manage Your Own Information
During using our Site, you can access, alter and delete your registry information and other personal information under the rule of the Site, and contact us following relevant guides. The scope and method of accessing, altering and deleting your Information are related to the services you use.
III. How We Store the Information
1. Information collected in the territory of People’s Republic of China is stored on the servers in the territory of People’s Republic of China.
2. The Site utilizes standard and common security measures and technologies to prevent your Information from unauthorized access and alteration, disclosure, damage or loss.
3. We will, generally, retain your personal information in the shortest possible time to fulfill the purpose of implementing our Term of Services unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
IV. Changes to Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time based on your advice and our needs to accurately reflect our practices in information collection and disclosure and policies of privacy protection. All the revisions to our Privacy Policy automatically come into effect when published on our Site or on the date designated in the Privacy Policy.