Vertical Adventure - privacy policy
Vertical Adventure - Privacy Policy
Last modification Date : March 20, 2019
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection and use of your information. As we update and expand
      our product, this policy may change, so please refer back to it periodically. By using our app, you consent to our
      information practices.
What information do we collect?
We may collect anonymous information about how you use our game, and about your configuration such as hardware type, screen resolution, the version of your operating system and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address).
What do we use your information for?
Anonymous information that we collect from you during the use of our game will be used to improve our games, conduct
      research and create reports for internal use.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company
      for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product
      or service requested.
This does not include trusted third parties (see below) so long as those parties agree to keep this information
      confidential. We do not have access or control over these third parties.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site
      policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third-party libraries privacy policies
We use Firebase Analytics to analyze how people play our games. This allows us to continuously improve our games so
      they are more fun. For Firebase Analytics’ privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Personalized advertisement
We show personalized ads to keep the app free.
If you give your consent to personalized ads, our ad provider (Google AdMob) will use a unique identifier on your
          device.
To learn more about AdMob’s policies please refer to their website :
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en&ref_topic=2745287
If you choose to pay for the ad-free version no information will be send to the app provider.
Your Consent
By using our app, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and update the Privacy Policy
          modification date. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy
          practices.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at : rikudo.game@gmail.com