Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how and when A Trillion Games Ltd collects information regarding your use of our services.
            By using our software or visiting our website, you consent to this privacy policy.
If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Last updated June 4, 2018
WHEN USING OUR SOFTWARE
Our paid software does not collect any personal information.
Our free (ad-supported) software may include advertisement provided by third-party services. Our software may collect information about your device,
                        including an unique identifier (Advertiser ID) and IP address. No geo-location is collected, but approximate location of your device
                        may be derived from IP address and/or other means. This information is transmitted to the third-party advertisement service
                        and may be used to provide you with geographic area-based advertising.
                        Our software notifies the third-party advertisement providers NOT to serve any personalized advertisement, unless our software
                        has obtained your consent as required by your local laws and regulations (or unless such consent is not required), and according to
                        the privacy policies of the third-party advertisement provider we use to serve advertisement.
                        For information about the third-party services we are currently
                        using to include advertisement to our software, and details on their privacy policies, please visit
Google Privacy Policies
,
Unity 3D Privacy Policies
,
Microsoft Privacy Policies
WHEN VISITING OUR WEBSITE
When you visit our website (ATrillionGames.com), we may collect the IP address associated with your Internet connection at the time of the connection.
We may also collect the operating system version running on the device you use for the connection.
Collected data is not personal data and is exclusively used for statistical purposes (like counting visitors or determining what world regions website traffic comes from).
End User License Agrement for
all our software ("THE SOFTWARE")
This EULA is a legal agreement between you as an individual and A Trillion Games Ltd ("THE AUTHOR").
THE SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. THE SOFTWARE is licensed, not sold.
All copyrights to THE SOFTWARE are exclusively owned by THE AUTHOR. All rights not expressly granted here are reserved by THE AUTHOR.
The license is personal and cannot be rented, leased or transferred to anyone.
Any unauthorized use of THE SOFTWARE shall result in immediate and automatic termination of this license and may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.
This EULA grants you:
- the right to install and use THE SOFTWARE for unlimited time, on your device.
You may NOT:
- remove or alter any proprietary notices, labels or marks on or in THE SOFTWARE.
- modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble THE SOFTWARE.
- rent, transfer, or grant any rights (including possession) in the original or backup copy of THE SOFTWARE, in full or in part, to any person.
THE SOFTWARE is provided "as is" and with all faults. THE AUTHOR explicitly and expressly disclaims all warranties and guarantees and does not make any representations with respect to THE SOFTWARE, whether express, implied, or statutory, including, but not limited to any (if any) warranties of or related to: fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, lack of viruses, accuracy or completeness of responses, results, lack of negligence or lack of workmanlike effort, and correspondence to description. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of THE SOFTWARE remains with you.
In no event shall THE AUTHOR be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive, or other damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, claims of third-parties, damages as a result of injury to any person, or any other loss) arising out of or in connection with the license granted under this license agreement or the use of or inability to use THE SOFTWARE, even if THE AUTHOR has been advised of the possibility of such damages.