PlayMax
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
PlayMax
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
May 25, 2019
PlayMax Games
Background
If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged
under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this
age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or
guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information. We may
collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent
identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to
play our Websites.
We will strictly compley with all relevant legislative
requirements and in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative
requirements will override the provisions of this document. The privacy of your
personal and non-personal information is afforded the highest level of importance
by PlayMax Games.
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time
without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of
issue on our website.
Collection of Information
If you choose to submit your Personal Information to us for
any other reason in any other form, we will collect such Personal Information
and use it for the purposes for which you submitted it
We may collect information regarding the device you use to
access the software, applications and/or services, including (where applicable)
its model, operating system, screen resolution and other technical information.
We will be only collect information Personal and
non-personal where it is reasonably necessary to do so for the conduct of our
business. Any collection of personal information by us will be fair and lawful
and will not be intrusive.
We may collect any Personal Information that you disclose
when you choose to send a message to another user or defined group of users
through our message, chat, post or other in-game function as well as the
necessary Personal Information of the user(s) you are contacting, in order to
facilitate the communication. (We will never collect any information sent
outside of the functionality of our Websites/Apps, including through emails or
text messages).
We may collect information regarding your use of our
software, applications and/or services, including information about the
duration of your use, the features you use and your interactions with other
users of the software, applications and/or services.
We collect personal information that you provide directly to
us such as at the time of account creation, managing your profile, marketing
communication, using any interactive and engaging feature of our service,
promotional survey, communication with our customer support team otherwise
communicate with us. Your personal information may include your name, email id,
password, postal address, photographs, comments and posts on our forum,
messages between different users and any other personal and contact information
that you may choose to provide.
We may collect and use your Personal Information or
Non-Personal Information such as a device ID when you decide to enable push
notifications in order to send push notifications to your device.
We may collect your Personal Information that you may
disclose during the use of public forums, comment section, or chat function.
We will not collect any Personal Information from you simply
by virtue of your visiting our Website; we only collect it if you choose to
submit it to us. We do, however, collect Non-Personal Information such as
device IDs, IP addresses and other persistent identifiers, as well as Usage
Data, whenever you use our Website/Apps. Such Non-Personal Information is not
combined with Personal Information unless you choose to submit Personal
Information to us.
We collect information when you make a purchase through our
Apps, we will collect your credit card information and other billing
information.
Use and Disclosure of Information
We may collect your Non-Personal information to track your
use of our Websites/Apps to help us learn more about your gaming activities and
understand your preferences and tendencies so that we can personalize your
experience, provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailored
to you, and otherwise enhance your gaming experience. Non-Personal Information
may be used by us for administrative, analytical, statistics compilation,
research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use
your Non-Personal Information to respond to customer service inquiries and to
protect against cheating, crime or fraud or for other security reasons and for
providing you advertising that better suits your interests.
We may use information held about you to verify your
compliance with any terms and conditions that may apply to the use of our
software, applications and/or services.
we will not use or
disclose personal information about you otherwise than for the purpose of
providing or offering goods and services to you, for any other purpose that you
may reasonably expect, for any other purpose authorized by law, or for any
other purposes disclosed to or authorized by you. This may include disclosures
to organizations that provide us with professional advice, such as solicitors,
accountants and business advisors.
We may provide aggregated or anonymous information to third
parties for the purposes of developing and delivering targeted advertising. We
will not share your personal information with such third parties without your
consent.
The precise information required to be provided will vary
depending on the circumstances requiring disclosure of that information.
We direct all such organizations to maintain the
confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and to not use your
information for any purpose other than to provide services on our behalf or to
us.It may be necessary for the information to be disclosed to other
organizations in the course of our provision of services, or for the conduct of
our business. These other organizations may include other parties involved in
the provision of services to you, our business partners involved in the
software, applications and/or services we provide to you, and other
organizations providing services to us, such as payment processors or hosting
services.
Any personal information submitted to us online, including
via the software and/or services, may need to be processed by a third party. By
submitting personal information online or via the software and/or services, you
consent to the disclosure of that information to a third party, who may be
located overseas, for the sole purpose of processing the submitted information.
We may use your personal information to provide you with any
goods, services, or functionality you have requested; to respond to any
inquiries you have made through our customer service features, to send you
newsletters, promotions or marketing materials. We will provide you with the
opportunity to opt out of receiving such materials in the future. You may also
opt out of receiving such materials at any time in accordance with the
instructions provided in this Privacy Policy.
Below are provider names of some of the third party
analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn
more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
Heyzap: https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
Kidoz: http://kidoz.net/privacy-policy/
Leadbolt: https://www.leadboltnetwork.net/p/legal/privacy
Super Sonic: https://www.supersonic.com/privacy-policy/
Admob:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
AppLovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Adcolony: http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Google Analytics:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Firebase: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Game Analytics: http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy
Advertising
Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising
identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure
the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat
views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests.
Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be able to choose to
prevent your device’s ad By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered
advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving
technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies
that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect
Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may
be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. identifier
being used for interest-based advertising or reset your device’s ad identifier
by changing the settings of your device.
Transfer of Information Overseas
What we do with the information we gather
You expressly agree that we may transfer and store your
information on servers and equipment located in any territory, including,
without limitation, Australia and the United States of America etc.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is
secure. In order to prevent any misuse, theft, loss, alteration, destruction,
unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical,
electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we
collect online.
We require this information to understand your needs and
provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and
services.
Security
Your public information if social media is used in the app.
App Usage Data and User Behavior
Links to other websites
For better user experience, we may get the following
information
Demographic information such as location, preferences and
interests for Remarketing purposes
Our game may contain advertising and links to other websites
of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you
should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore,
we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information,
which you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy statement does
not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy
statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
Below are provider names of some of the third-party
analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn
more about their privacy policy.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal
information to third parties, except in the delivery of this game, unless we
have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal
information to send you promotional information about third parties which we
think you may find interesting.
Use of information – purpose and legal basis
We use information about you for the following purposes in
accordance with the legal bases for each type of personal data as described
below:
Age
-is being processed:
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for
compliance purposes, see Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.
a.to identify whether you are a child or adult for data
protection purposes to determine the legal requirements for our processing of
your data.
Log-, device-, usage-, and consumption information
-are being processed:
b.to provide and deliver the products and services you
request and send you related information as requested by you / as agreed with
you;
c.to provide and maintain the App and the game experience;
and
d.to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts,
and support and administrative messages;
Our processing for the above purposes is necessary for the
performance of a contract to which you are party in order to support the
operation of the App, facilitate the delivery of requested products and
services and enable maintenance and update of the App, see Article 6(1)(b) of
the GDPR.
e.to provide news and information about the App that we
think will be of interest to you;
f.to personalize and improve the App and provide tailored
content and features;
g.to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in
connection with the App; and
h.to provide children (as this term is construed under GDPR
in EU, COPPA in the US and relevant applicable legislation in other
jurisdictions) with reasonable contextual advertisements in the App.
i.to provide non-child users that have given us consent to
share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified
under Sharing of Information) for the purpose of serving them with personalized
advertisement in the App (behavioral advertising).
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our
legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you
and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (also
known as "the balancing-of-interest rule").
Our processing for the above purpose is justified by our
legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you
in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. The disclosure of your
advertising ID to third parties for the purposes of behavioral advertising is
based on your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR (see more
below under Sharing of Information).
Information from other sources
-are being processed:
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for the
performance of a contract to which you are party in order to facilitate the
delivery of requested products and services, see Section 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
j.to provide and deliver the products and services you
request and send you related information;
Sharing of information
Furthermore, if you have given your consent in accordance
with Section 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, we share your advertising ID to advertising
network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to
you within the App. We use or may use the advertising network companies.
k.to link or combine information we get from others to help
understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
l.to provide news and information about the App we think
will be of interest to you;
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our
legitimate interests in providing content of interest to you and improving our
services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
We disclose information about you to the following
categories of recipients based on the legal bases in Sections 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c)
and 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (see a description of the legal bases above):
We only process your information to the extent that is
necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information has been collected.
Your rights
If you wish to use any of the rights described below, you
may contact us at any time by emailing us.e process and answer your requests
without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the
request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the
request. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as
permitted by Article 12 of the GDPR.
Right to request access
You have the right to request access into the data that we
are processing on you, see
Article 15 of the GDPR, including information about:
•the purposes of the processing
•the categories of personal data concerned
•the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the
personal data have been or will be disclosed
•the envisaged period for which the personal data will be
stored
Furthermore, you have the right to obtain a copy of the
personal data undergoing processing. Please note that the access may be
restricted due to intellectual property or trade secrets.
The right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your
personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data
are processed based on the balancing-of-interest rule in Section 6(1)(f) of the
GDPR, see Article 21 of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing
unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which
override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary
for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your
personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. We will cease the
processing of your personal data for this purpose after the objection. Please
note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the App will
cease automatically.
Right to rectification and erasure
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data
rectified, see Article 16 of the GDPR.
Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal data
erased where one of the following grounds applies, see Article 17 of the GDPR:
•if you have withdrawn your consent and there are no other
legal grounds for the processing,
•if you have objected to the processing and there are no
overriding legitimate grounds for the processing,
•the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a
legal obligation in Union or Member State law,
•the personal data have been unlawfully processed or
•the personal data have been collected in relation to the
offer of information society services.
•the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to
the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed,
Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if the
data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to restriction
If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your
data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, see Article 7 of
the GDPR.
You have the right to obtain restriction of processing in
certain circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR. If you have the right to
restriction, we will only process your data with your consent or for the
establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim or to protect a person or
important grounds of public interest
The right to withdraw consent
Please note that if you withdraw your consent, your user
license to use the App will cease automatically.
The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the
lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of
the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal
obligation to keep some or parts of your data.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Unknown
October 24, 2021 at 6:19 AM
Sure
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unknown
November 2, 2021 at 9:22 PM
Hi
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unknown
December 2, 2021 at 9:09 AM
how to download this game.i want to try this game
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
12 Games
Visit profile
Archive
May 2019
1
Report Abuse