Privacy Policy - OneState
Privacy Policy
DATE: 30.11.2021
OneState™
(the “Game”) is provided to you by CHILLGAMING LTD, a private limited company
                incorporated under the laws of Republic of Cyprus, registered on April 21, 2020. Registered address:
                Elenis Loizidou 14, Office 201c, Strovolos 2042, Nicosia, Cyprus. E-mail: legal@chillbase.net
In this Policy, «CHILLGAMING», «CHILLGAMING LTD», «OUR» «US» «WE» means CHILLGAMING LTD.
We are the data controller of Personal data, which may include your name, e-mail address, game
                preferences and so on as described below. The data which does not allow us to identify is not considered
                as Personal data (e.g., anonymized data).
Personal Data we collect:
Information you provide us:
Niсkname, E-mail address, information we import from your connected social media account, in order to
                set up your profile.
Information generated as part of the Game:
PlayerID;
IP Address;
Device Information;
Registration Time;
Login Time;
Information about your game sessions;
Interactions with Support team;
Advertising ID (when you click the link that advertises the Game);
Data from In-Game Chat;
You may also provide or generate information when you communicate with other users in the Game.
PLEASE DO NOT SHARE ANY SENSITIVE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU WITH OTHER PLAYERS.
CHILDREN:
We believe that protection of children is a fundamental duty of the Game Industry. We do not allow
                Children under the age of 16 to access our Game. If you are a Parent and you believe that we
                unintentionally collected your children’s personal data, you may request the deletion of the information
                by contacting us on
legal@chillbase.net
. We do not knowingly collect or store any
                personal information from children under the age of 16.
How do we use your Personal Data:
Data:
How do we use it:
Legal Basis:
Nickname
We use this information to create your account for the Game in accordance with your request.
We need that to provide the Game as per EULA's terms.
Social Connect Information (if you choose to log in via your social media account with these
                            networks: Facebook, VK, Discord)
We use this information to:
create your account for the Game in accordance with your request;
We need that to provide the Game as per EULA's terms.
Gender (in case you provide this information)
We only receive this information if you voluntarily provide it. It is used in order to
                            customise gameplay.
If it’s necessary to provide the Game with gender-specific content in accordance with your
                            request.
Date of Birth
We use your date of birth to verify your age if you are a user in certain regions. This is
                            processed device-side only and is not transferred to us.
We need that to comply with legislation on Child Protection, Age Restrictions.
Region Location
We use this information to:
verify your region location;
set up your gameplay on a regional server;
provide you with your geographic ranking; and
improve gameplay.
We need that to provide the Game as per EULA's terms and to comply with legislation on
                            personal data protection.
E-mail address
We only receive this information if you voluntarily provide it for the purposes of enabling
                            login by e-mail. We use this information to send you information on our game updates via
                            e-mail.
We need that to provide the Game as per EULA's terms.
IP Address
We use this information to:
allow you to connect to the Game server; and
suggest your country/region when you seek to change your location setting.
We need that to provide the Game as per EULA's terms.
Device ID, Device Information (device model and manufacturer, RAM, ROM, CPU information, SoC
                            device model, OS version and type.)
We use this information:
to improve our services, including the functionality of the Game;
for security and verification purposes;
identify and address bugs and assess game function for optimisation; and
to combat users registering for multiple accounts.
We need to establish the security of our services, manage registrations and improve our
                            services
Advertising ID and select device information (Player ID, Device ID, IP address and
                            engagement data and search terms)
If you click on a link that advertises the Game, we store the Advertising ID for that
                            advertisement and select device information with your profile.
It is in our legitimate interests to use this information to monitor the success of our
                            advertising and marketing programs.
User’s Registration source.
If you found the Game on some source, whether it’s an app or website, and set up your first
                            in-game account, we would save, where exactly you’ve come from in order to analyze that and
                            improve our ads campaigns.
It is in our legitimate interests to use this information to monitor the success of our
                            advertising and marketing programs.
Chat Data (audio and text, whether inside a battle (e.g. during actual gameplay) or outside
                            a battle (e.g. in the game lobby)) and chat log data
If you enable chat services (audio and/or text) then we will process such data in order to
                            deliver your messages to other users.
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide the chat services in-Game.
Transaction Records (in-app): payments on Google Play or iOS App Store (Player ID, cost,
                            product purchased, IP address, details of transactions linked to player ID, and device
                            details including OS version, phone model, device root status).
We use this information to facilitate your payment and maintain a record of your transaction
                            history.
We use this information to facilitate your payment and maintain a record of your transaction
                            history.
Transaction Identifiers: unique identifier, name, e-mail address, phone number, country
                            code, date of creation of account, number of transactions during different periods, number
                            of top-ups during different periods, number of top-up receivers, number of chargebacks.
We use this information in order to detect fraud on the Game Services.
It is in our legitimate interest to ensure the security of transactions within our services.
Customer Support Ticket ID & User Communications with Support: Name (optional), Player ID,
                            device ID, application version, battery level, WiFi strength, free space on device, network
                            type, OS version, browser type, platform, carrier, country code, details of ticket, e-mail
                            address (optional if in-app/in-Game support) and any information that you provide in
                            communications with our support team. You also have the option of providing a photo to
                            illustrate any errors
We use this information to:
improve our services;
provide troubleshooting, such as addressing and remediating technical issues and
                                    bugs.
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and support the Game
Reported Chat Data: Player ID and chat data
We use this information to identify abuse, harassment, plug-in sales or other uses of chat
                            in violation of our End-user License Agreement and to consider restricting use of chat
                            functions in those cases.
It is in our legitimate interest to ensure the integrity of the Game and protect users from
                            prohibited conduct.
How We Store and Share Your Personal Information
Our Game is available worldwide, so we collect personal data from players from different countries. Our
                mission is to minimize the transfer of personal data from one region to another and ensure the players’
                data is secured in accordance with industry standards.
For example: our servers for the Game Services are located in:
Region
Notes:
Data Processor
Russia
for the players from the Russian Federation and other countries which belong to the
                            Commonwealth of Independent States
Selectel ltd.
In order to provide you with the Game Services, analyze our performance and grow, we seek assistance
                from different service providers who we can share some information about you with.
These service providers can be divided into the following groups:
technical support providers (IT infrastructure assistance); software providers, SaaS providers - for
                    the cases when these providers host necessary personal data on our behalf;
professional advisers such as legal counsels, data privacy consultants and specialists, solicitors,
                    accountants, tax advisors, auditors,insurance brokers;
advertising, promotional agencies, online platforms carrying out marketing campaigns and analytics
                    on our behalf and to advertising their own products or services that may be of interest to you.
service providers that assist us in providing our services.
We may disclose information about you only with only those who are contractually obligated to keep your
                personal data confidential and will comply with the data protection laws.
We may also disclose your personal data as permitted by law in order to investigate, prevent or take
                action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violation of our intellectual property rights,
                situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violation of our Terms and
                Conditions or other agreements, or as required by law.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
California laws provide residents of California specific rights such as:
The right to access personal information we collect or share for business purposes. That concerns
                    personal information in respect of the preceding 12 month period, including categories of
                    information we have disclosed for business purposes in compliance with Privacy Policy and applicable
                    laws.
The right of deletion or “the right to be forgotten”. This means, we will delete your personal
                    information.
The right to non-discrimination. That means, you have the right to equal service and price even in
                    case you invoked privacy rights.
If you are a resident of California we can provide access to your personal information or delete the
                same at your specific request twice every 12 month without a charge. Please note, in order to avoid
                unauthorized disclosures we shall proceed only in case of verifiable consumer request. It will be
                completed in 45 days, but in case of necessity we can extend this period by an additional 45 days. We
                shall notify you immediately in that case. You may send us an email at:
legal@chillbase.net
EU/EEA - BASED PLAYERS PRIVACY
If you are EEA-based user you have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how
                we handle it. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations. You can exercise
                these rights at any time by following the instructions below or sending us relevant requests to mail:
legal@chillbase.net
Your rights include:
Right to withdraw your consent in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR (e.g. you may withdraw your
                    consent to show personalized ads to you, by loading Terms &Privacy from your Game settings and
                    following instructions in section Personalized Ads Consent Withdrawal in Privacy Policy (available
                    to EEA-based users only)
Right to access your data in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR
Right to correct your data in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR (e.g. you can contact us if your email
                    address has been changed and we should replace your old email address)
Right to have your data deleted in accordance with Art. 17 GDPR
Right to restrict processing of your personal information in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR (e.g. you
                    can contact us if you want to restrict processing)
Right to take your data with you in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR (e.g. you can contact us to receive
                    your data if you want to upload it to another service)
Right to object how your data is handled in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR (e.g. you can contact us if
                    you do not agree with any user analytics procedures as described within this privacy policy)
Right to send complaints to the supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 para. 1 f GDPR
                    (e.g. you can contact the data protection supervisory authority directly).
DATA TRANSFER
As mentioned before, in some cases we share your personal data with our affiliates and partners in the
                EU/EEA and outside the EU/EEA. We rely on safeguards referred to in Article 46 GDPR where the data
                transfer outside of EU/EEA is not covered by an EU Commission adequacy decision. Therefore, we use EU
                Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses which you can find
here
.
UPDATES IN PRIVACY POLICY
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users, furnish current
                information, and respond to legal and technical changes. The most current version of the Privacy Policy
                will govern our use of your information and will be available at
https://chillbase.net/onestate-privacy-policy.pdf