PRIVACY POLICY
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
PRIVACY POLICY
nRGames("us", "we", or "our") operates the mobile games (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection and Use
To improve user experience, we may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Services.Said information includes device type, brand and model, OS version, unique device identifiers.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
The privacy policies for these services are available here:
AdMob
Unity
Facebook – Audience
Appodeal
Applovin
Adcolony
Chartboost
Ironsource
Vungle
Children
We do not use our Online Services to knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. Our terms of use prohibit users aged under 13 years from accessing our Online Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age please contact us at gamesnr7@gmail.com
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Acceptance of the terms
By using Our Service, you agree to the terms of this policy.If you do not accept the terms in this policy, please do not use Our Service. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.
Contacting us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us at gamesnr7@gmail.com
Last updated: Apr 19th, 2021
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse