Privacy Policy – Grand Game Studio
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Blog
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Grand Game Studio
Futuristic Mobile Game Devlopment Company
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Grand Game Studio
Our first priority is your privacy
Grand Game Studio are strict to protect the privacy rights of our users. This page define the ways we collect, use,manage or store user data including personal information. this data can be provided by the user in any ways like our website (“www.grandgamestudio.wordpress.com”) or Grand Game Studio mobile games on either Google Play Store, Amazon or iOS App Store. The scope of this Policy is limited to Information received or collected by Grand Game Studio via any Service you used.
Use of the service shows that you are agree to this Policy, if you do not agree with the Policy please do not use the Service.
Below is How Grand Game Studio collect and use your data
User Provided Information
. We obtain certain information when you provide it to us: for example, if you setup your account profile, participate in a discussion board or report a problem on one of the Websites, you may provide your name, email address, your date of birth, photograph, and a list of interests such as your favorite music and television shows. Some of that information can be used by Grand Game Studio to identify or contact you directly and is sometimes referred to as personally identifiable information.
Information from Use of our Services
. Grand Game Studio also gathers non-personally identifiable information from Users of our Services. Non-personally identifiable information is information that usually cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity, and may include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifiers, anonymous IDs for advertising, operating system, mobile network information, browser type, existing applications, browsing activity and non-precise device location information (e.g., city or region). Grand Game Studio may enable you to send messages to other Users in the Grand Game Studio community. We ordinarily don’t read the content of these messages unless we reasonably believe the Service is being misused or as required by law; we keep track of the number of messages sent and similar information to keep our Services running smoothly.
Location
. Depending on the provider, we may automatically receive general location information when you use our Services. In the future, if we begin to offer Services that use technology that pinpoints precise geolocation, we will ensure that we have your consent (an opt-in) before doing so. We may use and store this information to provide enhanced location-based Services as well as to serve location-targeted advertising without your express opt-in, which includes communication to third party Services providers who have agreed with Grand Game Studio to keep such information confidential and only use such information to the extent necessary to perform the Services as required by Grand Game Studio.
HOW DOES GRAND GAME STUDIO USE INFORMATION?
User Provided Information
. We use the personally identifiable information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Services to: deliver the products and services that you have requested, manage your account and provide you with customer support, communicate with you about products or services that may be of interest to you, and to monitor compliance with the rules governing the Services. We don’t sell your personally identifiable information to third parties.
AD SERVING TECHNOLOGY, THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS & YOUR AD CHOICES
Grand Game Studio reserves the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for purposes of advertising by Grand Game Studio.
Grand Game Studio may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services.
Grand Game Studio or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and geo-location information  as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that relevant advertising is presented within the Service. Grand Game Studio or third parties may collect and use data, for such purposes, including but not limited to, data such as IP address, Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies, Flash cookies, and HTML5 local storage, Internet and on-line usage information and in-game information.
The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
Grand Game Studio  may display to you behaviorally targeted advertising. If you wish to “opt out” of certain targeted advertising, please visit
http://www.tappx.com
Please note that the links above may not reach all Grand Game Studio advertising partners and certain behaviorally targeted advertising may still be displayed to you. If you want to be certain that no behaviorally targeted advertisements are displayed to you, please do not use or access the Services.
Some services may include the use of in-game advertisements or brand placement. Such ads or sponsorships will be noted as such within the services.  Additionally, please note that if you “opt out” it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising. It just means that the advertising you see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests and may be less relevant to you.
Some of our advertisers may allow you to purchase content such as premium in-game content. In order to facilitate the purchase of such content, our advertisers and their partners may collect additional information. Please note that this information may be used in accordance with the advertiser’s privacy policy, which may be different from Grand Game Studio Privacy Policy.
DISCLOSURES OF INFORMATION
As reasonably necessary to provide services to you, Grand Game Studio may share non-personally identifying information or personally identifying information with its partners or affiliates, and also with third party vendors.
Grand Game Studio may disclose your information to third parties when obligated or permitted to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. We reserve the right to disclose to third parties non-personally identifiable information collected for any lawful purpose.
Finally, Grand Game Studio may transfer information, including any personally identifiable information, to a successor entity (or potential buyer) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
ACCESS AND CHANGES TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION; ACCOUNT TERMINATION
You may be entitled to access personally identifiable information held about you, subject to certain exemptions in accordance with the applicable data protection law. You may exercise the right at any time by contacting us at the address below and including “personal information request” in the subject line.
In addition, you may at any time review or change your personally identifiable information by contacting us at grandgamestudio1@gmail.com. Upon your request via email, we will deactivate or delete your account and contact information from our active databases in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law. Please note that we may be obligated to keep some of all of your information on our servers even after you’ve deleted your account.
SECURITY
We use reasonable electronic, personnel, and physical measures to protect information from loss, theft, alteration, or misuse. However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot fully eliminate all risks. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 unless or except as permitted by law. If we are made aware that we have received personally identifiable information from someone under 13, Grand Game Studio will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Grand Game Studio may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to Grand Game Studio Privacy Policy will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on the relevant Website or Mobile App. Where the changes are material, we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details and it is within our sole discretion whether or not we choose to do so. The date of the most recent revisions will also appear on this page. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access Grand Game Studio, and if you do not agree to any changes we make in the future, you must terminate your registration with Grand Game Studio.
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Create a website or blog at WordPress.com
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
Grand Game Studio
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Grand Game Studio
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d