Game
К основному контенту
Поиск по этому блогу
Game
Получить ссылку
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Электронная почта
Другие приложения
ноября 09, 2021
Privacy Policy
EagleEyes built the Go To City Driving 2 app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by EagleEyes at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Go To City Driving 2 unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Unity
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-11-09
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at eye.gamesa@gmail.com.
Получить ссылку
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Электронная почта
Другие приложения
Комментарии
Отправить комментарий
Популярные сообщения из этого блога
Go To Auto 6
сентября 28, 2022
Privacy Policy EagleEyes built the Go To Auto 6 app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by EagleEyes at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Go To Auto 6 unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy. Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be
Далее...
Go To Auto 3: Online
сентября 16, 2023
Terms of Service Generator, Privacy Policy, and Information Guidelines Creating a Terms of Service can be daunting, especially if you're not a legal expert. Our free Terms of Service Generator is here to help ease that burden, ensuring your business complies with the law and builds customer trust. Fill in the fields below, and we'll generate a personalized website Terms of Service agreement just for you. Looking for a Privacy Policy? Check out GDPR Privacy Policy Generator. Please note that the accuracy of the generated document on this website is not legally binding, so use it at your own risk. Do You Need A Terms Of Service Template? When managing a website that offers products or services, having a Terms of Service page is crucial. It not only outlines what customers can expect from you but also safeguards you from potential issues if you stick to your end of the bargain. There are two ways to go about it: you can create it yourself or use a template. Most people opt for the
Далее...
Go To Auto 6 - New Policy
сентября 28, 2023
Privacy Policy   The terms in this Privacy Policy govern the manner in which we collects and uses any information you (Users) provide in connection with any our Game or Application (Hereinafter, "Services"). This Privacy Policy applies to all Services offered by E.E. By using our Services, Users agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. E.E may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time; therefore, Users are encouraged to consult the Privacy Policy regularly.  Personal identification information When you install our games and apps, we may collect and record information to enhance the experience and benefits of using our Services. We will collect personal public information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us through our Services. Users can always refuse to supply personal information. In said case, Users should avoid using social network features such as Sharing and Friend invite requests.
Далее...
Технологии Blogger
Автор изображений для темы:
Michael Elkan
Sargis
Посмотреть профиль
Архив
января 2024
1
сентября 2023
2
сентября 2022
1
ноября 2021
2
мая 2021
2
Сообщить о нарушении