Privacy Policy - Qube
Home
Portfolio
About
Team
Careers
Outsource
Contact
Home
Portfolio
About
Team
Careers
Outsource
Contact
Privacy Policy
In this privacy policy we describe what kind of data we may collect of you in connection with your use of our games, websites and related services and how we may use such data. Below we call these collectively “Services”. By using our Services, you agree to the processing of your data in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may amend this privacy policy from time to time by posting a new version online so please review it frequently. Your continued use of our Services after the posting of a new version is deemed as your acceptance of the modified terms.
What data do we collect and why?
Personal data.
We may collect personal data that identifies you if you submit it to us (for example if you sign up for our forums, a competition or send us an e-mail query regarding the Services). We may use this data to provide Services to you, improve our Services and contact you.
If you choose to log in to our Services by using social networking site credentials (such as Facebook Connect), the site may send us personal data that you have allowed it to share with us.
We do not collect personal data from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such data, do contact us so we can obtain parental consent or remove such data.
Analytics data.
We use analytical services and other tools (such as Flurry and Google Analytics) on areas of our Services which enable us to collect your IP address or other identifier, usage data relating to our Services as well as information on your device properties. Based on this data we may create statistics, provide better services to our customers as well as analyze and further develop our Services. We treat this information as non-personal data.
You can opt out of the Flurry Analytics tracking and personalized ads/recommendations from Flurry by clicking here and you can disable Google Analytics with this add-on tool.
Ad serving.
We and our partners may use ad serving technology to provide advertisements of interest to you within the Services (for example within the Android application). In this connection we and our partners may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, coarse geo-location information and IP address. Please note that our partners operate under their own privacy policies.
For more information, see:
Chartboost https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Admob (Google) https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/?hl=en_US
TapJoy http://home.tapjoy.com/info/about-tapjoy/privacy-policy
UnityAds http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle https://vungle.com/privacy
AdColony http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy
Applovin https://www.applovin.com/privacy
HeyZap http://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
Leadbolt https://www.leadbolt.com/privacy
You may also see our own advertisements in other services. If you click such advertisements and install our game, we may share a device identifier with the advertiser to verify installs.
Cookies and other identifiers.
We and our partners may use cookies and other identifiers (such as clear gifs or pixel tags). With cookies and other identifiers we and our partners can provide a better user experience. You may delete the cookies from your device after using our Services. If you disable cookies on your browser, some parts of our Services may not function properly.
Data security and sharing
Data security.
All of your data is protected in accordance with generally acceptable industry standards and although no system is 100 % secure, we take reasonable steps to safeguard your data from unauthorized access. We may use partners and contractors to process data for us in accordance with this privacy policy and in such cases we take steps to ensure that your data is kept secure.
Data sharing.
We do not share your personal data to third parties without your consent unless we are compelled to do so by law or when we face exceptional situations, such as detection or prevention of misuse or criminal activities.
We may publish aggregated or de-personalised data based on our users’ information (such as statistics) provided that such information does not identify you.
We may process your data outside the country where you live in (for example if you are an EU citizen, outside the EU or the European Economic Area). This can happen if, for instance, the service provider of our analytical services is located outside your country. In such cases, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully and in accordance with this privacy policy.
External links
Our Services may contain links to external sites, such as Facebook and Youtube and link content from external third party sources. Please note that the use of such third party sites or content is subject to the privacy policies and usage terms of the third party in question instead of our own terms and we do not have control or assume any liability over such content.
Changes to this privacy statement
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using our services, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our services. Your continued use of our services following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact us!
Should you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or the processing of your personal data, please contact us at contactus@qube3dstudio.com
About Us
Qube is a design and development studio specializing in the creation of art and animation for games across all platforms. Our creative team with years of experience  in the industry handled projects across a wide range. We also cover all your artistic needs from logo creation to packaging and promotional art.
meet the team
Our Flickr Stream
Tag Cloud
2D
3D
3D Props
Animations
Graphic Design
Illustrations
Mobile Games
Get in Touch
Qube d.o.o.
Takovska 5
11000 Belgrade
Serbia
Phone: (+381) 11 6305328
Email:
contactus@qube3dstudio.com
Copyright © 2014-2017 Qube d.o.o.
Privacy Policy
Go Top