BPGames - privacy policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
BPGames
Home
privacy policy
BPGames
Home
privacy policy
More
Home
privacy policy
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
BPGames
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at BPGames unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
- Information Collection and Use
To improve our game and to serve you better, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile  device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about your activities in our games.
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the games:
Google Play Services:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Admob:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
#
Firebase Analytics:
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Unity 3D:
https://unity3d.com/
- Security
We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
If there is a breach of security involving your credit card information from our Websites/Games, we will inform you immediately and take commercially reasonable steps to rectify such breach.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
- Children
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Games from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our Games is structured to attract anyone under 13.
- Suspension & Termination of BPGames
BPGames  reserves the right to stop providing or supporting any part of the our games or a particular game at any time either permanently or temporarily, at which point your license to use the our services or a part thereof will be automatically terminated or suspended. In such an event, BPGames  is not required to provide refunds, benefits, or other compensation to users in connection with such discontinued elements of the BPGames  services.
- Fees and Purchase Terms
Some BPGames Games may be described as a "free game", you may download and play such games free of charge, but they may have in-app purchase and charge real money for additional game content. You agree and acknowledge that BPGames is not required to provide a refund for any reason. Your purchase is final and is not refundable, exchangeable, and transferable.
You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you. BPGames may revise the pricing for the goods and services it provides to you at any time.
- Guest Account
Please keep in mind that you may not receive customer support or may not use virtual items or virtual currency for which you have paid if you change your mobile device without creating a game account.
-Trades of Virtual Items and Virtual Currency
BPGames prohibits and does not recognize any purported transfers of virtual items or virtual currency effectuated outside of the game, or the purported sale, gift, or trade in the "real world" of anything that appears or originates in the game, unless expressly authorized by BPGames . Any such transfer or attempted transfer is prohibited and void, and may subject your account to termination.
- Changes
We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
-Your acceptance of these terms
By Playing our Games, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not play our games. Your continued play of our games following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
We do not represent or warrant that our Websites/Games will be available at all times, or that your use of the Websites/Games will be uninterrupted or error-free. We are not responsible for your ability to access the Websites/Games or for matters beyond our control.
-Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our game, or your dealings with our game, please send us Email admond9@gmail.com
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse