Privacy Policy  – King's Fortune Games
Skip to content
No results
Privacy Policy
Home Page
Terms Of Service
King's Fortune Games
Privacy Policy
Home Page
Terms Of Service
Search
King's Fortune Games
Menu
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice will be effective from May 7, 2024.
KINGS FORTUNE PTE.LTD. (hereinafter “KINGSFORTUNEGAMES”，”we”, “us” or “our”) is fully aware of the importance of your Personal Information to you, and we respect and attach great importance to the protection of your privacy. In order for you to fully understand how we collect,use, process and store your Personal Information as well as your rights during your use of products or services on KINGSFORTUNEGAMES game, we have formulated this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”).
SPECIAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This Service is not directed to children younger than sixteen (16) years of age. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 16, please do not use the Service and do not send any information about yourself to us.
You may consult the following indexes for more details of this Policy:
1.How We Collect Information
2.Why we collect your personal data
3.Who do we share your information with
4.What are your rights
5.How to Exercise Your Rights
6.Account Deletion
7.Security
8.International transfers of data
9.Cookies
10.How long will we keep your personal data
11.Do Not Sell My Personal Information
12.Application and Update of the Policy
13. Contacting Us
How We Collect Information
During your use of KINGSFORTUNEGAMES game，we collect personal data about you in the following ways. We collect information in the following circumstances:
when you use our Game apps;
when a user account is created and managed;
when you connect your user account to your Facebook;
when you participate in any interactive features of the Service; or
when you otherwise communicate with us or via the Service.
When you access to our websites and our apps , we won’t collect your legally-sensitive data (i.e. race, ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetics, biometrics, health, sexuality and/or criminality) and other sensitive data (i.e. child data, social security numbers, bank account or payment card details).
We may collect user’s data from you, which includes:
your name, date of birth, email address, and personal description;
demographic and location information as well as information from your device including but not limited to IP address, device UDID, IDFA, IDFV, Android ID, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet usage information and in-game information;
technical information such as the internet protocol (known as IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your log-in information, time of access, date of access, time zone setting, web page(s) visited, software crash reports, type and version of browser used, browser plug-in types and versions used, and operating system and platform to ensure the security of your account and to verify that the person operating your account is you;
your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our websites and apps(including date and time), services you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call out customer service team; and
in-game behaviors when you play a game, participate in discussions board or other social media functions, or when you report a problem on our websites or mobile apps.
We may also employ third party ad-serving(including but not limited to Google, Facebook, Mopub and its affiliates) and/or analytics technologies(including but not limited to Tableau, Kibana and its affiliates) that may use various methods to collect information through our software and the Service. These technologies may be embedded within our software and the Service and may collect, amongst other things, the above information.
Depending on the type of personal data in question and the grounds on which we may be processing it, should you decline to provide us with such data, we may not be able to fulfil our contractual requirements or, in extreme cases, may not be able to continue with our relationship. We will inform you if your failure to provide any requested personal information is going to result in these consequences.
For California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) Consumers (Notice of Collection of Information)
We collect the categories of personal information about California consumers identified in the chart below. As further set forth in the chart below, in the past 12 months we have disclosed and “sold” (as defined in the CCPA) California consumers’ personal information to third parties for business or commercial purposes.
Categories of Personal Information:
Categories of sources from which information is collected:
Business or commercial purposes for collection, use and sharing:
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties:
Personal and online identifiers (such as unique online identifiers, IP address)
Consumers
Marketing; Advertising; Authentication; Identity resolution; Fraud detection; Fulfillment services; Facilitating transactions; Auditing related to our interactions with you; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service providers) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to maintain and improve our services; and Other one-time uses
Affiliates; Service providers; and Government agencies
Advertising/marketing companies; Advertising networks; Social networks
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as interactions with an application, or advertisement)
Consumers; Service Providers
Marketing; Advertising; Authentication; Identity resolution; Fraud prevention; Fulfillment services; Facilitating transactions; Auditing related to our interactions with you; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to maintain and improve our services; and Other one-time uses
Affiliates; Service providers
Advertising/marketing companies; Advertising networks; Social networks
Commercial or transactions information (such as records of personal property or products or services purchased, obtained or considered; purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies)
Consumers; Service Providers; App store providers
Fulfillment services; Facilitating transactions; Auditing related to our interactions with you; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to maintain and improve our services;and Other one-time uses
Affiliates; Service providers; App store providers
Geolocation information
Service Providers
Marketing; Advertising; Fulfillment services; Facilitating transactions; Auditing related to our interactions with you; Legal compliance; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to maintain and improve our services; and Other one-time uses
Affiliates; Service providers
Advertising/marketing companies; Advertising networks; Data analytics providers; and Social networks
Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences
Consumers
Marketing; Advertising; Legal compliance; Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Debugging; Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics; Internal research for technological improvement; Internal operations; Activities to maintain and improve our services; and Other one-time uses
Affiliates
2. Why we collect your personal data
General
We collect, use and disclose your personal data collected through our Service for a number of reasons, including:
to carry out our obligations as a result of any contract entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information and services that you request from us, including to set up, manage and administer your betting account (including for anti-money laundering, prevention of terrorist financing, processing any self-exclusion requests and identity verification purposes) and to make, settle and pay bets;
to notify you about changes to the products and services that we offer and (where you have indicated your consent) to directly market these products and services to you;
to administer our websites for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our products and services (including our casino products);
as part of our efforts to keep our products and services safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing;
to operate and improve our products and services;
to set up and maintain your registration with the Service;
to improve customer service;
to provide features available in the Service;
to audit and analyze the Service;
to ensure the technical functionality and security of the Service;
to inform you of promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by KINGSFORTUNEGAMES;
to send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
for statistical and research purposes (including market research, marketing and data analysis purposes);
to identify your betting behaviour, habits and preferences;
to analyse your credit risk (if applicable);
to handle payment and collection processes to and from customers;
to ensure the effective operation of software and IT services procured by us (including disaster recovery);
for anti-money laundering, prevention of terrorist financing, and identity verification purposes; and
to comply with licensing and regulatory requirements that are applicable to us; and
for other reasons with your consent.
Marketing
We may use your personal data to send you updates by email or by Facebook Messenger or iMessage about our services, including exclusive offers, promotions or new services.
This marketing may relate to:
products and services we (or permitted third parties) feel may interest you;
information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already used or enquired about;
upcoming events, promotions and new products/services or other opportunities as well as those of selected third parties; and
information regarding any applicable loyalty programs (including points earned and free, bonus and promotional points).
If you no longer wish to receive marketing communications when using our apps, you may:contact us at Support@kingsfortunegames.com for direct marketing opt-out; orusing the “unsubscribe” link in emails, or let us know you intent to opt-out in our phone calls to you.
3. Who do we share your information with
We may share your personal data with the following categories of recipients:
related entities
Your personal data will be used by us and disclosed to our group companies, including KINGS FORTUNE PTE.LTD. and all of its subsidiaries.
selected business partners and advertising partners
Your personal data will be disclosed by us to our business partners and advertising partners, including without limitation, Google, Facebook (including their sub-contractors) who will use your data, amongst other things, to review and improve their products and services, to help them identify new products and services, for statistical analytical purposes and for the purpose of directly marketing their products and services to you, subject to you consenting to their private policies as presented in each of their websites.
public authorities/regulatory bodies/industry bodies
We may disclose your personal data:
to regulators and law enforcement agencies (including those responsible for enforcing anti-money laundering legislations);
in response to an enquiry from a government agency.
service providers
We may disclose your personal data to third party service providers (including our professional advisors, data analysis processors and data storage service providers) who require access to such information for the purpose of providing specific services to us. These third parties will generally only be able to access your data in order to provide us with their services and will not be able to use it for their own purposes.
Your personal data and your in-game behaviours will be recorded in US by AWS from Amazon.
replacement providers
If the management and operation of KINGSFORTUNEGAMES and its affiliates are transferred from us to another company, we may disclose your personal data to the other company so the products and services can continue to be provided to you.
In the event that we sell or buy any business assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
Advertising partners
Advertising partners are companies that require us to integrate their codes in order to provide advertising services in our inventory, which may lead to serve the advertisements that are mostly relevant to you. See [Annex A ]for details.
If KINGS FORTUNE PTE.LTD. or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
4. What are your rights
You have various rights in relation to the data which we hold about you. We have set these out below.
To get in touch with us about any of these rights, please contact our Privacy Officer at Support@kingsfortunegames.com.  We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay, and in any event within one month (subject to any extensions to which we are lawfully entitled). Please note that we may keep a record of your communications to help us resolve any issues which you raise.
4.1 European Data Protection Rights
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) gives you the following rights in relation to your personal data:
1) Right to object
This right enables you to object to us processing your personal data where we do so for one of the following reasons:
because it is in our legitimate interests to do so (for further information please see section 11 below);
to enable us to perform a task in the public interest or exercise official authority;
to send you direct marketing materials; or
for scientific, historical, research, or statistical purposes.
2) Right to withdraw consent
Where we have obtained your consent to process your personal data for certain activities (for example, for marketing), you may withdraw this consent at any time and we will cease to use your data for that purpose unless we consider that there is an alternative legal basis to justify our continued processing of your data for this purpose, in which case we will inform you of this condition.
3) Data subject access requests
You may ask us for a copy of the information we hold about you at any time, and request us to modify, update or delete such information. If we provide you with access to the information we hold about you, we will not charge you for this unless permitted by law. If you request further copies of this information from us, we may charge you a reasonable administrative cost. Where we are legally permitted to do so, we may refuse your request. If we refuse your request we will always tell you the reasons for doing so.
4) Right to erasure
You have the right to request that we “erase” your personal data in certain circumstances. Normally, this right exists where:
the data are no longer necessary;
you have withdrawn your consent to us using your data, and there is no other valid reason for us to continue;
the data has been processed unlawfully;
it is necessary for the data to be erased in order for us to comply with our obligations under law; or
you object to the processing and we are unable to demonstrate overriding legitimate grounds for our continued processing.
We would only be entitled to refuse to comply with your request for erasure in limited circumstances and we will always tell you our reason for doing so.
When complying with a valid request for the erasure of data we will take all reasonably practicable steps to delete the relevant data.
5) Right to restrict processing
You have the right to request that we restrict our processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, for example if you dispute the accuracy of the personal data that we hold about you or you object to our processing of your personal data for our legitimate interests. If we have shared your personal data with third parties, we will notify them about the restricted processing unless this is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. We will, of course, notify you before lifting any restriction on processing your personal data.
6) Right to rectification
You have the right to request that we rectify any inaccurate or incomplete personal data that we hold about you. If we have shared this personal data with third parties, we will notify them about the rectification unless this is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. You may also request details of the third parties that we have disclosed the inaccurate or incomplete personal data to. Where we think that it is reasonable for us not to comply with your request, we will explain our reasons for this decision.
7) Right of data portability
If you wish, you have the right to transfer your personal data between service providers. In effect, this means that you are able to transfer the details we hold on you to another third party. To allow you to do so, we will provide you with your data in a commonly used machine-readable format so that you can transfer the data. Alternatively, we may directly transfer the data for you.
8) Right to complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with our regulator, who is the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK. You can contact them in the following ways:
Phone: 0303 123 1113
Email: casework@ico.org.uk
Post: Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
4.2 California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you have certain rights with respect to that information.
Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect About You
You have the right to know: · The categories of personal information we have collected about you; · The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; · Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; · The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any; and · The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. · Please note that we are not required to; · Retain any personal information about you that was collected for a single one-time transaction if, in the ordinary course of business, that information about you is not retained; · Reidentify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information; or · Provide the personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period.
Personal Information Sold or Used for a Business Purpose
In connection with any personal information we may sell or disclose to a third party for a business purpose, you have the right to know:The categories of personal information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold; and The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose.You have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. If you exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, we will refrain from selling your personal information, unless you subsequently provide express authorization for the sale of your personal information. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, visit our homepage and contact us at: Support@kingsfortunegames.com.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will: · Delete your personal information from our records; and · Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records. · Please note that we may not delete your personal information if it is necessary to: · Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us; · Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity; · Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; · Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law; · Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act; · Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent; · Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us; · Comply with an existing legal obligation; or · Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Protection Against Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, among other things: · Deny goods or services to you; · Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; · Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or · Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Please note that we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to our business by your personal information.
How to Exercise Your Rights
If you would like to exercise any of your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please Email us at Support@kingsfortunegames.com.
Please note that you may only make a CCPA-related data access or data portability disclosure request twice within a 12-month period.
If you choose to contact us directly by email, you will need to provide us with:
· Enough information to identify you [(e.g., your full name, address and customer or matter reference number)];
· Proof of your identity and address (e.g., a copy of your driving license or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill); and
· A description of what right you want to exercise and the information to which your request relates.
We are not obligated to make a data access or data portability disclosure if we cannot verify that the person making the request is the person about whom we collected information, or is someone authorized to act on such person’s behalf.
Any personal information we collect from you to verify your identity in connection with you request will be used solely for the purposes of verification.
6. Account Deletion
You have the right to delete the account which you have registered with us to access its products or services at any time. We will delete the account after verifying your identity information. To ensure the security of your account and property, you shall submit your account deletion request to us via one of the following ways：
by using the contact information displayed on our official website（
https://www.kingsfortunegames.com/delete-account
）；or
by clicking the‘Account Deletion’option provided in the APP.
Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations, after account deletion, we will delete all information related to your account, including personal information and game logs, thus you will be unable to normally use the products or services provided by us. After you complete the deletion, your account cannot be retrieved and your account data cannot be recovered. Please maintain your account information properly.
7. Security
We will take all reasonable precautions necessary to protect your personal data from
loss, theft, misuse and interference;
unauthorised access, disclosure, use or modification.
Such measures will vary depending on the sensitivity, amount, format, nature and storage of the information and will involve, as applicable, physical, organizational and electronic security measures.
This includes, for example, the protection of passwords using industry standard encryption, measures to preserve system security and prevent unauthorised access and back-up systems to prevent accidental or malicious loss of data. We may use third party data storage providers to store personal data electronically. We take reasonable steps to ensure this information is held as securely as information stored on our own equipment.
Unfortunately, there is always risk involved in sending information through any channel over the internet. You send information over the internet entirely at your own risk. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted over the internet and we do not warrant the security of any information, including personal data, which you transmit to us over the internet.
8. International transfers of data
The data that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, destinations both within and outside the EEA. As mentioned above, we may disclose your personal data to our group companies and their service providers located in US and elsewhere, and to employees operating outside of the EEA who work for us or for one of our group companies or their respective service providers.
We want to make sure that your personal data is stored and transferred in a way which is secure. We will therefore only transfer data outside of the EEA where it is compliant with data protection legislation and the means of transfer provides adequate safeguards in relation to your data. For example, this could be:
by way of an intra-group agreement between KINGSFORTUNEGAMES entities, incorporating the current standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission for the transfer of personal data by controllers in the EEA to controllers and processors in jurisdictions without adequate data protection laws;
by way of a data transfer agreement with a third party, incorporating the current standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission for the transfer of personal data by controllers in the EEA to controllers and processors in jurisdictions without adequate data protection laws; or
by transferring your data to an entity which has signed up to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework for the transfer of personal data from entities in the EU to entities in the United States of America or any equivalent agreement in respect of other jurisdictions; or
by transferring your data to a country where there has been a finding of adequacy by the European Commission in respect of that country’s levels of data protection via its legislation; or
where it is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between ourselves and a third party and the transfer is in your interests for the purposes of that contract (for example, if we need to transfer your data to a benefits provider based outside the EEA); or
where you have consented to the data transfer.
Where we transfer your personal data outside the EEA and where the country or territory in question does not maintain adequate data protection standards, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
9. Cookies
A cookie is a small data file sent by a website to your computer that is stored on your hard drive when you visit certain online pages of our website.We use cookies to store users’ preferences, and collect aggregated demographic data. Cookies allow the website to identify and interact with your computer (for example so we can remember your login details if you have opted to ‘stay signed in’). We do not use cookies to retrieve information that was not originally sent by us to you in a cookie.
You can set your browser to accept or reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is sent. If you reject cookies or delete our cookies, you may still use our websites, but you may have reduced functionality and access to certain areas of our websites or your account. You may disable or accept cookies at any time by changing your web browser’s options.
In addition to the express notice provided on our website when you first visit, your continued use of our website is your acceptance of our continued use of cookies on our website.
10. How long will we keep your personal data
We will not keep your personal data for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which we have collected it, unless we believe that the law or other regulation requires us to keep it (for example, because of a request by a tax authority or in connection with any anticipated litigation) or if we require it to enforce our agreements.
In general, we will retain your personal data for as long as we provide services to you and your account is active and following that period, for as long as we provide you directly with any other service offering.
When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal data, we will delete the personal data that we hold about you from our systems. While we will endeavour to permanently erase your personal data once it reaches the end of its retention period, some of your personal data may still exist within our systems, for example if it is waiting to be overwritten. For our purposes, this data has been put beyond use, meaning that, while it still exists in the electronic ether, our employees will not have any access to it or use it again.
11.Do Not Sell My Personal Information
If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt-out is specific to the browser you use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
Website
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our instructions presented on the Service:
From our “Cookie Consent” notice banner
Or contact us at: Support@kingsfortunegames.com.
The opt out will place a cookie on your computer that is unique to the browser you use to opt out. If you change browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, you will need to opt out again.
Mobile devices
Please refer to your operating system settings, or follow instructions below:
Android Users (version 2.3 and above)
To use the “opt-out of interest-based advertising” option, follow the instructions provided by Google here:
Google Play Help.
iOS users (version 6 and above)
To use the “Limit Ad-Tracking” option, follow the instructions provided by Apple here:
Apple Support Center
Please note that these are device settings and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for us. We have decided to offer this way of opting-out, as we estimate users will either want to receive interest-based advertising or no interest-based advertising at all. The above described way is the most efficient way to achieve that goal. While we do provide the possibility to opt-out of remerge processing only, that would only mean that someone else but us would deliver the exact same advertisements.
12.Application and Update of the Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and protect your personal data. Please read this policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Respecting and protecting your privacy and your personal data is very important to us. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Service and any other documents referred to in it, sets out the basis upon which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us will be processed by us or on our behalf.
By visiting our website and using our products and services (including, but not limited to, the websites at
https://kingsfortunegames.com/
and our iPhone apps, iPad apps or Android Apps and via mobile phone) you acknowledge the terms of this Privacy Policy and the use and disclosure of your personal data as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Your personal data will be held by us in accordance with applicable data protection laws. For the purposes of data protection laws, the data controller will be KINGS FORTUNE PTE.LTD.
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices, so we encourage you to check this page periodically. We will try to notify you in advance where there are any significant or very important changes.
13. Contacting Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or data processing, or intend to file a complaint about potential violations of local privacy laws, please contact us through the following method：Support@kingsfortunegames.com.
APPENDIX A
Our Advertising partners include:
Brand Name
Privacy Policy Link
Aarki
https://corp.aarki.com/privacy
ADACTION
https://www.adaction.com/privacy-policy
AdColony
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
adjoe
https://adjoe.io/privacy/
AdMob
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Google Ads
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Apple Search Ads
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Audience Network
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
Blind Ferret
https://blindferret.com/privacy-policy/
ChartBoost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Digital Turbine
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook Ads
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
Fyber
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/
InMobi
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
Iron Source
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
Liftoff
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Mintegral
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Mistplay
https://www.mistplay.com/legal/privacy
Moloco
https://www.moloco.com/privacy-policy
Pangle
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Persona.ly
https://persona.ly/en/privacy_policy
Snapchat Ads
https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy
Tapjoy
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
TikTok
https://ads.tiktok.com/i18n/official/policy/privacy
Twitter Ads
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Unity Ads
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Data processing partners
Data processing partners are companies that create or store demographic and interest segments based on device identifiers, location data, and other personal data in order to help us improve our products and services for you.
Our Data Partners include:
Brand Name
Privacy Policy Link
Redshift
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy/
Tableau
https://www.salesforce.com/ap/company/privacy/
Thinking Data
https://docs.thinkingdata.cn/ta-manual/latest/en/installation/installation_menu/privacy.html#information-collection-and-use
AWS Athena
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy/
Adjust
https://www.adjust.com/terms/
Firebase
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Analytics
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook Fan Page
Data Controller for the Facebook Fan Page
The Company is the Data Controller of Your Personal Data collected while using the Service. As operator of the Facebook Fan Page , the Company and the operator of the social network Facebook are Joint Controllers.
The Company has entered into agreements with Facebook that define the terms for use of the Facebook Fan Page, among other things. These terms are mostly based on the Facebook Terms of Service:
https://www.facebook.com/terms.php
.
Visit the Facebook Privacy Policy
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
for more information about how Facebook manages Personal data or contact Facebook online, or by mail: Facebook, Inc. ATTN, Privacy Operations, 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States.
Facebook Insights
We use the Facebook Insights function in connection with the operation of the Facebook Fan Page and on the basis of the GDPR, in order to obtain anonymized statistical data about Our users.
For this purpose, Facebook places a Cookie on the device of the user visiting Our Facebook Fan Page. Each Cookie contains a unique identifier code and remains active for a period of two years, except when it is deleted before the end of this period.
Facebook receives, records and processes the information stored in the Cookie, especially when the user visits the Facebook services, services that are provided by other members of the Facebook Fan Page and services by other companies that use Facebook services.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook Privacy Policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
Email Marketing
We may use Your Personal Data to contact You with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to You. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from Us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email We send or by contacting Us.
We may use Email Marketing Service Providers to manage and send emails to You.
Constant Contact
Constant Contact is an email marketing sending service provided by Constant Contact Communications.
For more information on the privacy practices of Constant Contact, please visit their Privacy policy:
https://endurance.clarip.com/privacycenter/?brand=ctct
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Facebook In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Amazon In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496&ref_=footer_privacy
PayPal
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Copyright © 2024 - Kings Fortune Games