privacy policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
privacy policy
privacy policy
GYStudios
publishes games as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by GYStudios. at no cost and is
intended for use as is.This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection,
use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation
to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data GYStudios may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all GYStudios users.
GYStudios may use and disclose to GYStudios’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other GYStudios services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by GYStudios may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Safeguards
GYStudios follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in GYStudios’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in GYStudios’s possession. Personal data collected by GYStudios is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, GYStudios maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite GYStudios’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services GYStudios may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. GYStudios is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. GYStudios takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. GYStudios does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if GYStudios learns that GYStudios has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, GYStudios will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from GYStudios’s records.
GYStudios may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. GYStudios may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of GYStudios’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
GYStudios regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If GYStudios receives a formal written complaint from you, it is GYStudios’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. GYStudios will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and GYStudios.
3rd party services
We use 3rd party services in our apps. These services collect usage data in compliance with their Privacy Policies. The services are described below.
Advertising
3rd party ad serving systems allow user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on GYStudios apps, possibly based on user interests.
Admob
We use Admob by Google as the main ad server. Please see Admob Privacy Policy –
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Analytics
3rd party analytics services allow us to monitor and analyze app usage, better understand our audience and user behavior.
Unity3d advertising and Unity3d analytics
We use Unity3d services, advertisements and analytics.
Please see Unity3d Privacy Policy
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Contact Us
mail:
GYStudiosinfo@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse