Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Feudaleso develops the application Tubers Tycoon, which collects personal data of its users. This document will explain how we use this data.
Summary
We do not use the data to identify people or to share, under any circumstances, with third parties. The data is collected only so that the application works as expected. The application is not available to users under 13 years and the functionality will be limited for users under 18 years.
We collect and use personal data of users for the following purposes
Advertising
We use data to offer users the best possible experience to show ads.
Data collected by the application
When installed, the application site retrieves the device ID, which is used to avoid conflicts with multiple installations or multiple instances of the application.
The application requires users to identify themselves using their personal Facebook account, with which we obtain the following personal data (if available):
First, second and last name
Profile picture
Email
Gender
Birthdate
Location
Language
Language
This data will be used to show the user content in their language, if available.
Third party libraries
The application uses the following libraries developed by other companies, that makes use of user data. To find out about their privacy policies, please follow the appropriate link.
Audience Facebook SDK
Facebook Android SDK
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Google Play Services Ads
Google Play Services Location
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Manage your information
Currently there is no way to delete your user account partially and/or totally.
Responsibility
Feudaleso is not responsible for the content that may appear in the application, or damage that may occur by the use of the application. By installing this application, the user declares to agree with these terms, and the user assumes all responsibility.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Feudaleso reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice.
Questions and suggestions
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
gossman.s.france@outlook.com
Av.Republica 25
Paris
France
Last updated: Mar 8, 2017