Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Brownberry
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
July 05, 2023
Privacy Policy
This SERVICE is provided by Brownberry at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Brownberry Products unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Fabric
Matomo
Clicky
Flurry Analytics
Appodeal
Fathom Analytics
Unity
SDKBOX
GameAnalytics
One Signal
Expo
Sentry
AppLovin
Vungle
StartApp
AdColony
Amplitude
Adjust
Mapbox
Godot
Mixpanel
RevenueCat
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. You will be directed to that site if you click on a third-party link. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for any third-party sites or services' content, privacy policies, or practices.
Children’s Privacy
Brownberry’s are
intended for anyone who is legally entitled to own a device that access them
and play them and anyone who is legally entitled to make in-app purchases by
the payment functionality the Games provide.
However, Brownberry does
not knowingly collect personally identifiable information in relation to
children under the age of 13. If Brownberry discovers it has collected personal
data in relation to any children under 13
Brownberry
shall take reasonable steps
to delete such information.
You may also be
required to obtain your parents’/guardians’ permission to play the Games if you
are under 18, as indicated in our Terms of Service.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at brownberrygames@gmail.com.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Popular posts from this blog
About Brownberry Games
September 27, 2021
We are a game development company based in Pakistan, We love to create fun games.
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Brownberry Games
Visit profile
Archive
July 2023
1
September 2021
1
Report Abuse