Food Stylist - Privacy Policy
Data collected in Food Stylist
Last updated 24 January 2022
Zeste Pty Ltd (ABN: 11 655 535 283) ("Zeste") is committed to the protection of your privacy. Any collected data will only ever be used in accordance with this policy. This policy will also let you know about what information is collected by our third-party service providers, and link to how you can find out about how they use it.
This policy applies to all versions of the game "Food Stylist" and its associated websites or other applications ("Games").
By playing Food Stylist you are consenting to the collection of data as outlined in this privacy policy. You also accept that this privacy policy can be updated from time to time for any reason, with the latest date of changes published at the top of this page.
Collection of Data
Sensitive Data:
Food Stylist does not collect sensitive information about you.
Personally identifiable Data:
Our Games collect certain non-sensitive, data as outlined in this privacy policy. Some of this information is automatically gathered, and could be considered personally identifiable in certain circumstances, however it will generally always be anonymised prior to being viewed by Zeste and never sold or shared.
Personally identifiable data will only otherwise be actively collected by Zeste in very specific circumstances, such as if you contact us directly.
Why Collect Data?
Player Feedback and Support:
If you contact us with a comment or query, Zeste will keep a copy of any personal information you provide. This is so that we can respond to your comments and questions as a part of our commitment to providing you with player support. If you contact us directly for any reason, we also keep a copy of that correspondence.
Advertising, Analytics & Player Profile:
Advertising: We undertake advertising to help grow the number of players of the Food Stylist game. To help us understand the effectiveness of this advertising, a certain amount of information may be collected by each third-party ad network that operates within our Games. That information may be considered personally identifiable, or it could be considered personally identifiable in certain circumstances. This information is only ever used for our legitimate business interests and will never be sold or shared by us.
Nevertheless, the data is provided to us by third parties. While we use all reasonable commercial endeavours to ensure that they adhere to any applicable laws, we encourage you to familiarise yourself with their data policies.
A list of each ad network we use and information about what data they collect is contained at the conclusion of this policy. Please read those privacy policies carefully before using our Games.
Analytics: Information collected about our Game usage and about your device and location, allows us to better integrate updates, find potential device specific problems and bugs, explore localisation opportunities and make better Games that are tailored to our user's needs.
Player Profile: The Player profile is required to allow the game functionality to work, such as the voting system, and earning and spending in-game currencies.
How Do we Use & Process Data We Collect
Data collected for Advertising
Because Food Stylist is free-to-play, we run advertising to attract new players to the game on an ongoing basis. When you log into Food Stylist, we may collect and transfer non-sensitive device information such as:
The advertisement you have viewed and if you have engaged with it;
Device make and manufacturer;
Operating System;
Generic geographic location, such as the city you are located in;
Carrier;
Language settings;
IP Address;
Android Advertising identifier or Apple Identifier for Advertisers.
This information is purely used for measuring the performance of our marketing activities is always reviewed in aggregated format reports by the Zeste team.
Data collected for Analytics
We have implemented Analytics tools to help us understand how our Games are being used in order to help us improve our Games and plan for future game releases. For example, we keep track of how many players are engaging with our Games, player progress, any in-app purchases, as well as device type, operating system, language settings, play session lengths and broad geographic information like your country and city. This data is stored on our own first-party Amazon hosted servers, and not transferred to any third-parties.
Your player profile stores any currency earned, challenges submitted or inventory items purchased; as well as your nominated player username. We always recommend using an anonymous name. This data is required to actually operate the game, and is stored on our own servers and not transferred to any third-parties.
Third Party Service Providers
If you wish to opt out of collection of data for advertising or analytics, or find out more information of any Analytics or Ad network companies implemented within Food Stylist, please refer to the relevant links below (please note that individual privacy policies may be updated from time to time for any reason)
Firebase Analytics and AdMob
Privacy Policy
Opt-out
More information on Google
Facebook
Privacy Policy
Opt-out
Flurry Analytics
Privacy Policy
Opt-out
PlayFab
Privacy Policy
AppsFlyer
Privacy Policy
Opt-out
Age Limits
Food Stylist is designed for people who are at least 16 years of age. In playing our Games, you represent that you are aged 16 or older. If you are a guardian or parent who is concerned that we may have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please
contact us
, and we will permanently delete any information we have under our control.
What happens if I log into Facebook
Food Stylist allows you to login to Facebook to show off your user profile, and save your progress to the cloud.  Any data about your full name, gender or friends will not be stored on our server, and is only saved locally on your device and within your linked Facebook account to allow us to correctly display your friends in game.
However, by logging in your Facebook display photo will be visible to other players in the game on any scenes you submit into the voting system, so long as you are signed into Facebook. You can log out of Facebook at any time in the game settings, and also revoke the permissions granted to the app, within your Facebook App settings. We do not store the Facebook profile pictures on our server, but instead load these directly from Facebook via URL.
The use of Facebook Login is completely optional, and you must hold a valid Facebook account, which also means you must be above the age of 13 to use this service.
Access to your data, and permanent deletion of your data
Zeste will retain your data only as necessary for our
legitimate business interests
, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
No matter how we come in contact with your data, you have the right to access the data Zeste holds about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions.
Data Subject Requests
In the event that you send a data subject request to Zeste, or one of our third-party partners informs us that you have contacted them directly about your personal data they collected while you were using our service, We will respond to that request in accordance with any applicable legislation.
If you wish to know what data we hold about you, if any, please make out your request to us in writing at the email address listed below. Please be aware that in order to protect the information in Our control, We will require identification from you before releasing any information.
Deleting your data
You may request we delete any data we hold regarding your account by contacting us at
[email protected]
. To facilitate the deletion request, you will need to provide us with your Food Stylist Player ID which can be located in the game settings.
If you signed into Facebook, we also recommend that you revoke the permissions granted to Food Stylist, within the App Settings on Facebook.
Once we delete your data, you will no longer be able to access your account.
Disclosure, and Security of Your Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns you can contact us at
[email protected]