Privacy Policy - Wixot
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy describes what kind of data AK Games collects and receives.

"Personal information" should be considered as personally identifiable data that is not publicly available, including things such as name or email address.
The following terms apply to all products, software, services and websites facilitated by AK Games:
Collected information
AK Games may receive any information you agree to share with us, i.e. name, location, or sex, but only when the choice exists and is clearly presented by the application. AK Games automatically receives and may record information from your web browser after you access our webpages, including your IP address and your URL of choice. Also, AK Games's applications can gather device identification data, such as Android Advertising Identifier, Your device ID, IMEI number, etc.
Information usage
AK Games uses information only for general purposes, such as customization of advertising and content, improvement of services, collect app crashs, and research.
Information sharing
AK Games does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission. We can share the information to our partners who work with us. These companies may use information to help us communicate offers, but they don't have any rights to share this information.
Statistics
AK Games gathers statistics about our applications usage behaviour. AK Games uses this information to improve the customer experience, as well as customize advertising and content. This data does not include personal information or any other information from your device or computer that is unrelated to the application.
Apps uses Google Analytics to gather traffic information and demographics. The Google Analytics privacy policy is available at www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html .
Advertising
Apps uses Google's AdMob advertising service. AdMob's privacy policy is available at
www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
. When an app is unlocked or the ad free version is used, the advertising extension is disabled / not executed.
Apps also used Appodeal mediator, Appodeal privacy policy available at
Appodeal
TERMS OF USE
By installing an Application, you agree to the following rules:

Provided application is a game intended for amusement only, therefore all virtual goods have no cash value. AK Games owns the exclusive rights to all virtual goods, marks, logos, artwork, and other digital property associated with the application. You may not sell or trade virtual goods or anything associated with the application for real or virtual money.

We make effort to provide a reliable access to our applications, however outages and unexpected downtime may occur. AK Games does not make any guarantees of uninterrupted or continued service. In particular, lost virtual currency and/or virtual goods may occur from time to time due to technical problems.

AK Games reserves the right to alter the game content, and may not always inform players of changes. Any actions you take to earn additional virtual currency are completely optional, non-refundable, and done of the free will.

AK Games is separated and is in no way affiliated with the companies that operate any existing or future advertising or payment providers that may become integrated with the application, so is not responsible for actions they may or may not take regarding services they provide. AK Games makes no warranty or guarantees regarding the availability and continued use of these external services. Any problems using these external services must be reported to them directly.

AK Games is in no way responsible for any personal injury you may incurred through your use of the application.

AK Games reserves the right to discontinue the application distribution at any time and not to refund real money spent on getting virtual currency.