LAST UPDATED 14.06.2019
EXISTAGE PRIVACY POLICY
Existage ("We" or
"Us") has adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to
explain how Existage collects, stores and uses the user ("User" or
"You") information acquired in connection with our applications and
services ("Service"). This policy applies to all Existage Services
unless the Service has an overriding policy. Personal information in this
document means but is not limited to: first name, last name, phone number,
contacts, messages,
calendar
and plaintext device
identifiers. We respect our Users' privacy and continuously work to achieve a
reasonable level of security for personal information.
GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) FRIENDLY
To all EU citizens we give the
choice to refuse to receive targeted advertising, to collect any data by us and
third party services, and we also explain private data consistency, data
collection purpose and consequences of the choice. This choice is given at the Service
starting.
<![if !supportLineBreakNewLine]>
<![endif]>
THIRD PARTY SERVICES (ADVERTISEMENTS
AND ANALYTICS
)
We display advertisements in our
free apps and games to fund the development process for current and future
Services. The advertisements are provided by third party companies and they may
use and collect anonymous data about the User's interests to be able to select
more relevant advertisements. This information may also include location data
and unique device identifier. No information is collected to allow third
parties identifying you as a person.
<![if !supportLineBreakNewLine]>
<![endif]>
GAME
SERVICES*
Service may display Leaderboards
or Achievements using Google Play Services or Apple Game Center ("Game
Services"). Service does not use other game services. Your use of Game
Services is expecting you agree to their terms of use. We do not collect or
store any personal information from Game Services.
Other information from Game Services is used only for gaming purpose -
Leaderboards or Achievements.
EXISTAGE ONLINE GAMING
We provides users 
ability to play online with each other. If a user logs in for an online game
then login, avatar, password and game achievements
are saved on the Existage server. The user is notified of this, and has
option to completely delete this data. Any other data during online games are not used and not stored anywhere.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By
using Service you signify your acceptance of this
policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Service. Our
privacy policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Service
following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance
of those changes.
If you
have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us
at
existageofficial@gmail.com
*
All trademarks
belong to their rightful owners
<![if !vml]>
<![endif]>