Sigma Team - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated April 29, 2015
This privacy policy has been compiled to
better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable
information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and
information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other
information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an
individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear
understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally
Identifiable Information in accordance with our website, mobile applications
and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) or when
you otherwise interact with us.
What personal information do we collect
from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
We collect information you provide directly
to us, such as when you participate in a contest and promotion, communicate
with us via third party social media sites, request customer support, send us
an email or otherwise interact with us. The types of information we may collect
about you include your name, social networking screen names or IDs, email
address and any other information you choose to provide.
In addition, we may use third party
analytical software to collect and use certain non-personal data that doesn’t
enable us to identify you.
When do we collect information?
When you access or use our Services, we
automatically collect information about you.
How do we use your information?
- To improve our current services;
- Develop new Services;
- Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information;
- Facilitate communications between players;
- Respond to your comments, questions and
requests and provide customer service and support;
- Communicate with you about apps,
services, offers, promotions and events, and provide news and information;
- Process and deliver contest entries and
rewards;

- Monitor and analyze trends, usage and
activities in connection with our Services;
How do we protect your information?
Sigma Team takes reasonable measures to
help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized
access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise
transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does
not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website,
conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to
keep this information confidential.
Third party links
Occasionally, we may include or offer third
party products or services on our website and apps. These third party sites
have separate and independent privacy policies.
We are not responsible or liable for your
interaction with such third parties, the information requests initiated by such
third parties, or the subsequent use, treatment or dissemination of information
you voluntarily choose to provide to them.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the
integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy,
we will update the Privacy Policy modification date above.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this
privacy policy you may contact us using
support@sigma-team.net
e-mail.