Free Android games and apps - DaDo Productions:  Kids Math Privacy Policy
Free Android games and apps - DaDo Productions
Download Free apps and cool games for your smartphone.
Wednesday, April 26, 2017
Kids Math Privacy Policy
KIDS MATH
PRIVACY
POLICY
This privacy policy governs
your use of the software application Kids Math Game
(“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by DaDo. The
Application is
a math game
for your
Android smart
phone.
What information does
the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the
information you provide when you download and
use
the
Application.
We may also use the
information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you
with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected
Information
In addition, the
Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not
limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique
device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system,
the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you
use the Application.
Does the Application
collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not
collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see
and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will share your
information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this
privacy statement.
We may disclose User
Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
·
as required by law, such as
to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
·
when we believe in good
faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety
or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government
request;
·
with our trusted services
providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the
information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules
set forth in this privacy statement.
·
if DaDo is
involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its
assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web
site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any
choices you may have regarding this information.
·
to advertisers and third
party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section
below
Required permissions in app
- android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE:
check the internet connection in mobile device for request ads to show.
- android.permission.INTERNET
: required internet connection to request ads in game.
- android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE:
write files stored in game in external storage.
- android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
: access location of user to show right ads in your location.
Automatic Data
Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics
companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the
frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party
advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising
provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application
low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected
by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique
identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone
number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an
encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify
you personally. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about
other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites
you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and
other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve
anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may
also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to
enable our partners to append other available information about you for
analysis or advertising related use.
If you’d like to opt-out
from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted
advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below.
What are my opt-out
rights?
There are multiple opt-out
options for users of this Application:
Opt-out of all information
collection by uninstalling the Application:
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by
uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as
may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application
marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at
hieu93nguyen@gmail.com
Opt-out from the use of
information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party
network advertisers:
you may at any time
opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by
turn on the GPS on
your setting of your phone
.
Data Retention
Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User
Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time
thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24
months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to
delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please
contact us at
hieu93nguyen
@
gmail.com
and we will respond in a
reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be
required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the
Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age
of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided
us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
hieu93nguyen@gmail.com
. We will delete such information from our files
within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about
safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical,
electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and
maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized
employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate,
develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor
provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no
security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be
updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to
our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy
Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are
advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued
use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy
by clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application,
you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this
Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies
on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way,
including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining
and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the
United States. If you reside outside the United States your information
will be transferred, processed and stored there under United
States privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions
regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our
practices, please contact us via email at
hieu93nguyen
@
gmail.com.
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Newer Post
Older Post
Home
Free apps and Cool games
Super Adventure World - Free platformer Mario game on Android
SUPER ADVENTURE WORLD  is a free class adventure game for your Android! Run and jump to collect gold coins and kill enemies in this Jungle A...
Blog Archive
►
2023
(5)
►
December
(4)
►
September
(1)
►
2022
(1)
►
April
(1)
►
2018
(2)
►
October
(2)
▼
2017
(5)
▼
April
(3)
Kids Math Privacy Policy
Surprise Eggs Privacy policy
Baby Wooden Blocks Privacy Policy
►
February
(2)
►
2016
(7)
►
July
(1)
►
June
(1)
►
April
(5)
Free Android games and apps. DaDo Productions. Simple theme. Theme images by
Jason Morrow
. Powered by
Blogger
.