NitX | Game Developement Studio
Home
About
Games
Gallery
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Nitx Games uses and protects any
                                            information that
                                            you give Nitx Games when you use our website or apps. This privacy policy
                                            statement
                                            also gives the notice of our information collection procedure and the ways
                                            in which
                                            this information can be utilized. Clients are advised to check our privacy
                                            policy
                                            periodically, as it may change with the unstable & inconsistent business
                                            environment.
What types of information are collected?
We distinguish between two types of information: personal and non-personal
                                            information.
Personal information :
We collect no personal information
                                            about
                                            you or your children through our apps.
Non-personal information :
We collect and use non-personal
                                            information
                                            (Analytical Data) during the use of our apps:
Are there any errors in the app? Where and when do they occur?
How long do users use our apps?
How do our users use our apps, which features are most popular and
                                                    which ones are
                                                    used less.
This helps us to gain a better understanding of our users, to draw
                                            conclusions for
                                            future concepts, and, ultimately, to develop better apps.
Through our privacy policy and content to make him aware of the proper
                                            conditions
                                            of use of the application.
The use of these implies full and unreserved acceptance of each and every
                                            one of
                                            the provisions included in this posting, so if you do not agree with any of
                                            the
                                            conditions set forth herein shall not use and / or access the application.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Your
                                            continued
                                            use of any portion of this application following notification or posting of
                                            such
                                            modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Policy on Personal Data Protection:
As a general principle, this application does not share or disclose
                                            information
                                            except when authorized by you or in the following cases
:
When requested by a competent authority and after fulfilling the
                                                    corresponding legal
                                                    proceedings and
Whenever in the opinion of this application is necessary to enforce
                                                    the terms of
                                                    use and other terms on this page, or to safeguard the integrity of
                                                    others users
                                                    or the site.
You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personal information
                                            online
                                            in a public area, that information may be collected and used by others.
Use of information:
The app may show advertisements. If that is the case, it might use and
                                            advertisement
                                            ID provided by your device in order to show ads which are relevant to you.
                                            This
                                            advertisement ID is anonymous and it might be reset by yourself. For more
                                            information
                                            about Advertisement ID and/or resetting it if possible, please refer to the
                                            privacy
                                            policy of the operating system of your device.
The app may store in your device or storage unit some data related to
                                            advertisements
                                            or other data in order to provide a better user experience. To learn how to
                                            delete
                                            these data form your device please refer to the device manual and/or privacy
                                            policy
                                            of your device.
Third-party actions:
Also, you will find within this application, pages, promotions and
                                            microsites, online
                                            stores, publicists, and / or business partners and services, along with
                                            other shared
                                            services, own or third parties ("Sites Contributors") that may request
                                            information,
                                            which this application may disclose information provided by you.
The information provided on these sites is subject to Contributors privacy
                                            policies
                                            or legends of information that are deployed in these sites and is not
                                            subject to
                                            this privacy policy. As strongly recommend to users carefully review the
                                            privacy
                                            policies detailed in participating sites and can be found below.
Contents of applications :
All images posted on our applications have been obtained legally through
                                            image banks
                                            and are possessors of their respective licenses, except those which are
                                            public domain
                                            or copyright lacking allocated.
Responsible :
All information provided must be truthful. For these purposes, you guarantee
                                            the
                                            authenticity of all data communicated as a result of completing the forms
                                            necessary
                                            for the subscription of the Services, access to content or restricted areas
                                            of the
                                            site. In any case you will be solely responsible for any false or inaccurate
                                            statements
                                            made and the damage caused to this application or others for the information
                                            provided.
You agree to act responsibly in this application and to treat other visitors
                                            with
                                            respect.
Contact :
If you have any questions about this Policy or to inquire about licensing
                                            our images,
                                            please contact us at any time via the contact form available on Google Play
                                            or via
                                            email
info@nitxgames.com
We guarantee that you will fall in
lust
with our decadent
                                        blends the moment you walk inside until you finish your last sip. Join us for
                                        your daily routine, an outing with friends, or simply just to enjoy some alone
                                        time.
About us
NitX Games Studio has been creating innovative games since 2015.
We
                                        offer our clients professional development services.
Explore
About
Blog
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Registered Office
#590, JLPL, Industrial Area,
                                                    Sector-82,
                                                    Mohali, India
Branch Office
Near DGT, Charkhi Dadri,
                                                    Haryana, India
Head Office
Flexi Tower E 288, (5th Floor, Office
                      No. 502), Phase 8-A, Sector-75,
Mohali, Punjab - 160055
Email Address
info@nitxgames.com
© Copyrights 2022 NitX - All
                                        Rights Reserved