Privacy
Home
About
Payment Flow
Privacy
Teen Patti Flush
Login
Privacy Policy
Banyan(“we”, “our game”, “Service”) is committed to protect the privacy of our users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy is aimed to inform you about how we collect, store and use the information you provide when registering our game (“Service”).
Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to information collected by us through your use of Banyan games (including but not limited to Teen Patti Flush: 3 Patti Poker; Poker Deluxe: Texas Holdem Online). By using the Service, you consent to our collection, usage and storage of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change these terms from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of Banyan games will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to this Privacy Policy. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis.
Information Collected and Used
Our primary objective in collecting user information is to render the good service, fulfill your requirement, and resolve your issues. Please rest assured that any information provided by you is well protected according to this Privacy Policy.
When you register our games, we may collect and record the information you provide to us, whether through the game or through social network or other third party services (“Account Information”).
The type of information may include:
(1) Your Name, Profile Picture, Email Address;
(2) Third party (such as Facebook) user identification number;
(3) Technical information typically through the use of server log files, and mobile device software development kits.
We may acquire information from you through:
(1) Your access and participation in message boards on the Service;
(2) Your email of a question to our customer support;
(3) Your purchase of a virtual product of any type.
Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, we do not have access to your credit card details and billing information.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties. We may use it, but not limited to in the following ways: to create your account and ensure safe smooth gameplay; to allow user-to-user communication; to provide technical support and respond to user inquires; to receive feedback to improve our game and customize user experience.
In addition, we may send push notification to you with your consent to inform you the game updates, promotions, and other relevant messages. You can choose to opt out of it in the settings of your device.
All users of the Service consent to the use of Information for the purpose stated in this Privacy Policy.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in your Facebook profile page. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you completely delete all this information, your account may become deactivated. If you wish to cancel or delete your account or request that we no longer use your information, please contact us at the email address provided and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.
Use of Service – Restrictions
Please be noted your account will be suspended or permanently banned if you failed to follow our restriction rules.
1. You shall not spread any illegal and harmful information in the game.
2. You shall not cheat, hack or maliciously exploit the game with your account.
3. You shall not transfer chips to your multiple accounts or your friends in any other tables on purpose.
4. You shall not buy chips and virtual items from any unauthorized source.
5. You shall not make any deal in regard to real money with players through the game.
6. You are fully responsible for any unauthorized use of the service including but not limited to the use of credit card or ant payment by any method.
7. You shall not use our service if you disagree with any of our policy, including this privacy policy.
8. The games are for adult audience for entertainment purpose only. You shall not put it to other uses.
Security
We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
Contact US
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact us via teenpatti.poker2017@gmail.com.
Connect To Facebook
Please Connect to Facebook to collect
daily bonus and buy chips.