Balicheckers
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started
Skip to content
Balicheckers
Balicheckers
Balicheckers CONFIDENTIALITY
Balicheckers ( “We” ) has adopted this privacy ( “Privacy Policy”) policy to explain how Balicheckers collects, stores and uses the information to the user ( “You”, “User”), prepared in connection with our applications and services (the “Service”). This policy applies to all Balicheckers services, if the service has no dominant policy. Personal information contained in this document is, but not limited to: name, phone number, contacts, messages, calendar and ID plaintext devices. We respect the privacy of our users and work continuously to achieve an acceptable level of security for personal information.
What information to provide services, and how is it used?
We collect anonymous analytics to help us better understand how our audience uses our services. This may include information about the user’s device, such as the version of the operating system, screen resolution, device make and model. We do not collect or store any personal information. The goal of the analyst to be able to continuously improve our service and experience for our users.
Third party services (Advertising and analytics)
We serve ads on our free apps and games for the financing for development process for current and future services. Advertising provided by third parties, and they can use to collect anonymous information about the user’s interests, to be able to choose more relevant advertisements. This information may also include data on the location and unique ID of the device. No information is collected to allow third parties to identify you as a person.
Gaming services
Service can use Google Play Services. Service does not use other gaming services. Using gaming service awaits you agree to their terms of use. We do not collect or store any – any personal information from game services.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using the Service, you agree to this policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our application. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Service after a change in this policy will be considered your acceptance of these changes.
If you have any – any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at balicheckers(@)gmail.com
* All trademarks belong to their rightful owners
Balicheckers
,
A WordPress.com Website.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Balicheckers
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions