Privacy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy clarifies how AE 3D MOTOR: Racing Games Free (also referred as we, us, our, the game, this game in this document) treats information that we collect when providing the service to you. The Services include playing our game, and/or using any content and services related to AE 3D MOTOR: Racing Games Free website and app.
Your privacy is extremely vital to us and this privacy policy is designed to prevent your personal information and provide a safe gaming environment. By accepting our Privacy Policy, you consent to our collecting, using, sharing of your information as described. If you disagree, you may not play the game or use our Services.
Information We Collect
Please rest assured that any information provided by you is well protected according to this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
When you register our game and use the Service, we may collect and record the information you provide to us, whether personal or non-personal.
Non Personal Data we collect include, but are not limited to: application properties, including application name, package name and icon installed on your device. You checkin (including like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to our users.
Personal Data we collect:
Personal data we collect is the information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your game account. As AE 3D MOTOR: Racing Games Free is a single-player game, game account is automatically generated and you do not need to provide personal information such as name, gender, profile photo. Also there’s no option to connect with third party social network such as Facebook.
However in order to maintain the game, we do collect including but not limited to:
(1) Location Data;
(2) Game log information including your use of the App, access time, game progress, scores, etc;
(3) Device information including device type, device ID, operation system of the device;
(4) Installed Application Information;
We may also acquire information from you through:
(1) Your email of a question to our customer support;
(2) Your purchase of a virtual product of any type.
Please note that because a third party site (Google or Apple) manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, we do not have access to your credit card details and billing information.
Use of Information
When you play AE 3D MOTOR: Racing Games Free, we collect some personal information in order to render the good service, fulfill your requirement, and resolve your issues.
We may use it, but not limited to in the following ways: to create your account and ensure safe smooth gameplay; to provide technical support and respond to user inquires; to receive feedback to improve our game and customize user experience; to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the game; to prevent fraud or cheat activities in the game; to protect our rights and properties.
In addition, we may send push notification to you with your consent to inform you the game updates, promotions, and other relevant messages. You can choose to opt out of it in the settings of your device.
In the event you do not want us to use your information for any of the purposes specified in the Privacy Policy, you may close your account by uninstalling our application.
All users of the Service consent to the use of information for the purpose stated in this Privacy Policy.
If you want to change app permissions after your consent, you may visit your phone settings to make adjustments.
Share & Disclosure of Information
We collect and process personal information on a voluntary basis. We will not sell, trade or otherwise transfer it to third parties.
This does not include third parties who assist us in operating our site or apps so long as these parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Data Protection & Security
We ensure the information you share with us is under full protection and we will not reveal to any other parties without your consent. We take appropriate precautions to protect our users’ information. We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. And these measures vary based upon the sensitivity of your information. These measures include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security to guard against unauthorized access to database systems where we store user data.
Your user account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. Only those persons with a need to perform technical maintenance have access to your game data in accordance with this Privacy Policy in our possession. We use security techniques to protect your data against unauthorized access. However, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. We cannot guarantee unauthorized breaches will never occur. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered completely secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
Protection for Minors
AE 3D MOTOR: Racing Games Free is intended for entertainment purpose only. The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should not use our service at any time. If we learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in your Facebook profile page. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you completely delete all this information, your account may become deactivated. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information, please contact us at the email address provided and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
The outline and content of this privacy policy may change after some time. We will update this page if any terms are rewritten. You can visit our site periodically to ensure you are aware of the recent adjustment.
Contact US
If you have any problem in regards to this privacy policy, including to practice any of your rights, please do not hesitate to contact us at android@ae-mobile.com.