Privacy Policy
Fortsätt till huvudinnehåll
RobusGames
We make games
Privacy Policy
Hämta länk
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
E-post
Andra appar
PRIVACY POLICY
1. Introduction
Robus Word Games. develops and publishes games for mobile devices. RobusGames built this game as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by RobusGames at no cost and is intended for use as is. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”)  describes the ways we collect, store, use, and disclose the information, including personal information, and data that our users (“users” or “you”) provide or we collect in connection with any game we provide on a mobile platform. Additionally, this Policy describes your rights and choices concerning your information.
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by Robus Word Games through your use of the Services. Robus Word Games is not responsible for the actions of individuals with no relationship to Robus Word Games or third-party companies, the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those individuals or companies.
If you do not want Robus Word Games to collect, store, use, or share your information in the ways described in this Policy, you should not use our Services.
2. Information and Data We Collect from You and How We Collect It
When you use our Services, you may give us your contact information directly on our website, generally your name and email address.
Technical and Usage Information:
When you access our Services, we may collect (i) certain technical information about your mobile device or computer system, including IP Address, mobile device ID (IDFA, Google Advertising ID or other identifiers), and the version of your operating system; and (ii) usage statistics about your interactions with the Services. In certain Services we will create and assign to your device an identifier that is similar to an account number. We may collect the name you have associated with your device, device type, telephone number, country, and any other information you choose to provide, such as username, character name, or e-mail address. We may also access your contacts to enable you to invite friends to join you in the Services.  This information is typically collected through the use of third-party mobile device software development kits. We may occasionally send you push notifications through our Services to send you game updates, high scores and other service-related notifications that may be of importance to you.  You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
3. How We Use Your Information
Our primary goal in using your information is to provide Services to you, troubleshoot, improve and optimize our Services, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use.  We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:
Operate and improve our Services;
Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Deliver advertising and marketing and promotional information to you;
Send you related information
Communicate with you about promotions, contests, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners;
Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Use of Your Information by Others:
Third Party Services. We may provide your information to third party companies to perform certain services, including but not limited to hosting services, payment processing, analytics, customer service and to assist us in our marketing efforts. Where we share your information with third-party service providers and business partners, we ensure that we have appropriate agreements in place to protect your information as required by applicable data protection laws.
Advertising. To the extent we display advertising in our Services, we may allow advertising networks of our affiliates and partner networks to collect information about your mobile device to enable them to serve targeted ads to you. Such mobile device data includes the following:
Device make, model and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio volume and battery;
Carrier;
Operating system;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services; and
Advertising ID (IDFA on iOS devices and GAID on Android devices).
4. Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Privacy policy advertising partners
​A list of the advertising partners can be found here:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1kov1d1tiV5ZyXxUbYWJGJG79FwkWNTetPk2P-oUq01M/edit?usp=sharing
​
5. Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
6. Contact Us
​If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at RobusGames@outlook.com
Hämta länk
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
E-post
Andra appar
Använder Blogger
Temabilder från
Galeries
RobusGames
RobusGames
We make games
Menu
Startsida
Privacy Policy