PRIVATE PRIVACY
跳至主要内容
搜索此博客
oppowz game dev
PRIVATE PRIVACY
获取链接
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
电子邮件
其他应用
九月 24, 2021
Senior Truck Simulator Dev respects your right to privacy. Any personal information that you share with us, like your name, date of birth, address, marital status, telephone number, credit card particulars and the like, shall be entitled to privacy and kept confidential.
Senior Truck Simulator Dev assures you that your personal information shall not be used/disclosed by it, save for the purpose of doing the intended business with you, or if required to be disclosed under the due process of law.
Senior Truck Simulator Dev assures you that in the event of your personal information being shared with its subsidiaries, business associates etc., such sharing of information shall be for the purpose of doing the intended business with you.
Senior Truck Simulator Dev reserves its rights to collect, analyse and disseminate aggregate site usage patterns of all its visitors with a view to enhancing services to its visitors. This includes sharing the information with its subsidiaries, and business associates as a general business practice.
In the course of its business Senior Truck Simulator Dev may hold on-line contests and surveys as permitted by law and it reserves its right to use and disseminate the information so collected to enhance its services to the visitors.
This shall also include sharing the information with its subsidiaries and business associates as a general business practice.
While Senior Truck Simulator Dev assures you that it will do its best to ensure the privacy and security of your personal information, it shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for any violation or misuse of your personal information by unauthorised persons consequent to misuse of the internet environment.
Cookies :- To personalise your experience on our website or to support one of our promotions, we may assign your computer browser a unique random number called a cookie. "Cookies" enhance website performance in important ways like
personalising your experience, or making your visit more convenient. Your privacy and security are not compromised when you accept a "cookie" from our website. Senior Truck Simulator Dev does not use "cookies" to collect personal information. "Cookies" cannot read data from your computerâ s hard disk or read cookie files from other websites.
Senior Truck Simulator Dev reserves its rights to revise this privacy policy from time to time at its discretion with a view to making the policy more user friendly.
In the design of our website, we have taken care to draw your attention to this privacy policy so that you are aware of the terms under which you may decide to share your personal information with us. Accordingly, should you choose to
share your personal information with us, Senior Truck Simulator Dev will assume that you have no objections to the terms of this privacy policy.
Contact us!
Should you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or the processing of your personal data, please contact us. our email is : oppaowangz0625@gmail.com
获取链接
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
电子邮件
其他应用
评论
发表评论
由 Blogger 提供支持
主题背景图片创建者：
Michael Elkan
oppaowangz
访问个人资料
归档
九月 2021
1
举报滥用情况