Age of Origins Privacy Policy
IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE
YOUR REGISTRATION OF BEING ONE Age of Origins GAME USER!
THE CAMEL GAMES INTERACTIVE PRIVACY POLICY
SUMMARY
With this privacy policy (the 'Policy'), we
want to let you know how we at Hong Kong Ke Mo software Co., Limited,
established in the Hong Kong, with the address9/F., MW Tower, No.111 Bonham
Strand, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong
(herein 'Camel', 'we' or
'us'), promise to take care of the personal information we collect from you,who
visit our websites, use or access our games, whether played on mobile devices,
PCs, our websites or other approved platforms ("Camel Games"), and/or
otherwise use or access any of our provided services, including but not limited
to software systems, customer support, marketing and advertising, and community
services (collectively the "Services" or "our services").
This includes the information you provide us with (for example, when opening a
game account or subscribing to our official media platforms), what we learn
when having you on our platforms and when you are playing our games. This
Policy explains which personal information we collect from you and for what
reasons; how we use, store transfer such data; and also how you can contact us
to ask about your data and invoke your rights.
In the event of a merger, acquisition,
reorganization, bankruptcy or other similar event, we will make an announcement
in advance, disclose the details of the event and information about the
successor, and with the express consent of you and/or your parent and/or
guardian (if applicable) again, your personal data may transfer to the
successor.
CAMEL
may
periodically modify, adjust or revise the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will
announce to you the updated terms. You acknowledge and agree to check the
updated terms regularly. If major clause changes are involved, we will make an
announcement in advance.
We only collect, use, store and transfer
('process') your personal information in accordance with applicable data
protection legislation, including but not limited to the (EU) General Data
Protection Regulation (2016/679) ("GDPR") and applicable national
data protection legislation (hereafter 'applicable law').
Depending on whether you are a website
visitor, customer and/or a user of our Services, we will process personal
information such as your contact details (email address, telephone number and
postal address), your username, password(s) and payment details. We will also
collect and use information about your technical equipment such as your
hardware and software type and location data, and other information you provide
us with, for example when you sign up for our surveys and contests. For more
information about the personal information we collect, use and otherwise
process, please see section 6 below.
We will use your personal information for
different purposes. We will for example use the data to provide you with the
Service you have requested, to improve our games and other Services, to predict
user trends, to make recommendations based on your usage, and to process
payments. For more information about how we use your data, please read on
below.
We will engage other companies in order to
fulfill our purposes and obligations as set out in this policy, and we will
transfer your personal information to countries outside the EU and EEA that may
not have as strict privacy legislation as where you live. We will only transfer
your personal information to such countries if we are allowed to do so; please
read below for more information. When we collect personal information about
you, you are entitled to the following rights under applicable law:
The right to access and rectify your
personal information;
The right to object to our processing of
personal information;
The right to restrict to our processing of
personal information;
The right to demand us to delete your
personal information; and
The right to data portability.
For more information about the rights you
have in relation to your personal information, please contact our support team.
If you have any questions about the personal information we collect, how we use
your data and how we transfer your data to fulfill our purposes as stated
herein, please contact us at: aoz@camel4u.com. Below follows a more detailed
description of how we use personal information.
CONTENT
1.
WHO WE ARE
2.
What we promise
3.
What is personal information?
4.
Reasons for processing of your data
5.
When do we collect your data?
6.
What data do we collect?
7.
How do we use your data?
8.
Who do we share your information with?
9.
Can children use our services?
10.
Security measures to protect your data
11.
If you choose not to share your data with us
12.
How long will we keep your data?
13.
Accessing, changing and updating your data
14.
Right to object to the processing of your data
15.
Right to erasure
16.
Right to restriction
17.
How to get a copy of your data or receive a copy
of your data
18.
How to enforce your rights
19.
How to withdraw your consent or close down your
Account
20.
Changes in the privacy policy
21.
How to contact us and how to complain
22.
DPO CONTACTER INFORMATION
1. WHO WE ARE
We are Hong Kong Ke Mo software Co.,
Limited ('Camel', 'we' or 'us'). This Policy applies to websites operated by us
and any other of our affiliates. This Policy also applies to your use of our
services, such as our official forums or Facebook page, and also when you use
and play our games or other products (we call all of the above 'Services').
We are the controller of the personal
information collected. If you have any questions or want to know more about how
we use your personal information, please contact us by logging in to your Age
of Origins account and directly contacting our Support Department through the
in-game Feedback system, or email us at aoz@camel4u.com.
2. WHAT WE PROMISE
We promise to keep your data safe and to
not to sell your data to third parties. We promise to give you the right to
access and delete your data, and to provide you with ways to manage and review
your marketing choices as well as any other information (such as for example
newsletters) you get from us.
3. WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Personal information can be any information
relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. In other words, it
can be any information that could allow us to identify you both directly and
indirectly (like for example your name, email address, IP address, or your
billing address). In this Policy, we will use the word 'data' to refer to
personal information.
4. REASONS FOR PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA
We will only use and process data about you
if we have one of the following reason to do so:
To fulfill a contract we have with you (for
example, when you have made an in-app purchase in Age of Origins);
When it is our legal duty (for example, to
identify your age and make sure we are not collecting data from young children,
for book keeping purposes, and to fulfill our obligations in relation to
authorities);
When you consent to it (for example, when
binding a specific game account to a third-party account); or
When it is in our legitimate interest (for
example, to enforce our policies, manage our everyday business, to use in an
anonymized and aggregated way in order to perform statistical analysis, for
direct marketing purposes, to ensure information security, to prevent fraud or
to transfer the data to different part of the organization when necessary).
When we rely on a legitimate interest we have concluded that our interest is
not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. You are
welcome to contact us to learn more about how we have reached this conclusion.
5. WHEN DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA?
(1)
We will collect data about you when you use our
Services, including in the following situations:
(2)
When you register a Age of Origins account
(3)
When you use a relevant function
(4)
When you purchase an in-game product
(5)
When you play our games
(6)
When you register on and use our forums
(7)
When you contact us or our support services, via
emails or letters
(8)
When you use our websites, apps, or games
(9)
In customer surveys
(10)
If you participate in user research initiatives
(11)
If you participate in a playtest or prelease test such as
alpha/beta/etc. test releases/beta
(12)
If you take part in our competitions or promotions
(13)
When you enroll in, or participate in, one of our events
(14)
When you send us a game pitch
(15)
When you click on one of our ads or in our newsletters
(16)
When you subscribe to receive our press releases
(17)
you log in to our Services using third party account
(18)
When you work for Camel. In such case, please contact our Human
Resources department separately for more information.
6. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT?
We use data that you have explicitly
provided to us in different situations. We also use personal information that
is generated by your device or when you use our Services. These categories are
further explained below. Data that you explicitly provide us with:
(1)
Username
(2)
Country of residence
(3)
Name
(4)
Password(s) created to access parts of the
Services
(5)
Nicknames on forums and in games
(6)
Device information
The above information may be provided to us
when you open a Age of Origins account, or when you subscribe to our social
media events and platforms. In addition to the above, and when purchasing a
game product or enrolling in an event, you may have to provide us with the
following data:
(1)
Physical address
(2)
Telephone number
(3)
Billing receipt information
(4)
Third-party account info such as email address,
Facebook name, etc.
Finally, any other data you actively
provide us with when:
(1)
You contact support or seek help from Age of
Origins
(2)
You fill in our surveys or join our playtests
(3)
You enter a contest. If you win, we might need
additional information about you depending on the specific contest. We will,
however, only collect such information with your consent
(4)
You apply for a job at Age of Origins and
provide information relevant to the application. For more information on how we
use personal information in that respect, please refer to the privacy policy
available on our job applications website.
Data we collect when you use our Services
or games:
Profile and usage data. This includes the
profile you create to identify yourself when you connect to our Services and
internet protocol (IP) address that may uniquely identify you when you connect
to our games. It also includes other data about how you use our Services and
games. We gather this data from devices you use to connect to those Services,
such as computer, smart phones and tablets.
(1)
Payment and transaction data
(2)
Location data
(3)
Platform type (Android, iOS)
(4)
Preferred language
(5)
Gender
(6)
Information about your device, device serial
number, device ID, device information (device name, device type, MAC address,
IMEI, CPU, graphics card model, OS version and language, time zone, screen DPI,
device resolution),hardware and software
(7)
Your device’s IDFA (if you’re an iOS user) or
Google ad ID (if you’re an Android user), or other platform information such as
your IP address or Google Play ad ID.
(8)
In-game activity including but not limited to
what games you play, own, how you play, how often and for how long.
(9)
Game crash report(s) and error dump information
from your device.Bugs, Errors, and Other Data About Crashes and Diagnosis
Thereof (if the occasional system crash occurs in our services). Device
information (name, model, memory size, and graphics card model) and in-game
information (game version, user's UID, stacktrace); we use such information to
conduct identity verification for security purposes, to identify and address
bugs, and to evaluate and improve the functionality of our services in
accordance on the legal basis that it is in our legitimate interest to ensure
the security of our services, and to improve our services.
(10)
For the Android version: application information (APK name, version,
startup time, process name), user account, device information (model, OS
version, brand, CPU structure, root status, the unique identifier of ROM,
screen resolution, system startup time, whether an emulator is being operated,
the installed APK information, MAC address, network type, names of the running
applications, list of file names in the cache directory of SD card application,
and Wi-Fi name).
(11)
For the PC version: application information, memory, executable
module, system driver module, new thread, new load module, proxy, network, CPU,
disk, and graphics card, account information, and device name, specific file
types for specific directory, names of process windows, and name signature of
suspicious process module, game version, game identification information,
hardware and operating system information, application program list, current
running task information, security authentication machine code, game and
non-game abnormal process information, game operation-related calling methods
and information, whether there are other external programs on the game
interface, the record and data of the game attempted/accessed by the external
program, the plug-in and file information related to the operation of the game,
the impact of the external program information on the game;.
(12)
For the iOS version: application information (module and signature),
root status of device
(13)
Activity carried out within our Age of Origins application,
including install, uninstall, and update event information.
(14)
We will always ask for your consent to give us details on your
location data.
Data from third parties we work with: We
may receive data about you from third parties or partners, like for example
Facebook, Google, and Appsflyer.
We may also receive information from third
parties (such as game distributors) to add to the information we receive from you.
This is used to help us deliver relevant advertising to you, to prevent fraud
and/or abuse, and to collect your geolocation for taxation purposes.
7. HOW DO WE USE YOUR DATA?
We use the information we collect from you
and from your use of our Services, to provide, maintain, protect and improve
the Services and to develop new ones. Unless you have told us not to (opt out),
we also use the information to offer you tailored content, like giving you more
relevant ads and inform you about game releases that you might be interested
in. We will not use your data for any other purpose than the purpose for which
the data is originally collected.To operate our business and to enhance your
gaming experience, we use your information in the following ways:
(1)
To operate, improve, develop and provide you
with our games, apps and Services
(2)
To provide you with recommendations and game
offers that you may like
(3)
To respond to inquiries or comments from you
(4)
To verify your identity in order to prevent
unauthorized access
(5)
To provide you with software updates
(6)
To understand trends in usage
(7)
To calculate marketing conversion rates and
other elements of advertising performance
(8)
To help tracking and correcting errors and bugs
in games and services
(9)
To customize your user experience
(10)
To maintain the integrity and security of the Services
(11)
To process transactions and communicate with you regarding these
transactions
(12)
To maintain or administer your Age of Origins account, including
contacting you in order to update your Age of Origins details if necessary
(13)
To administer and perform play- and beta tests which you have signed
up for
(14)
To create reports, analyses or similar for the purpose of research
and business intelligence and be able to track potential problems, behavior and
trends
(15)
To enforce our terms and conditions, such as our EULA, Terms of Use,
Rules of Conduct and this Policy
(16)
To send you newsletters and promotional notices and offers you have
previously agreed to
(17)
To keep our Services fair, investigate and prevent fraud and illegal
behavior
(18)
To comply with applicable laws and regulations
Special information about marketing:
Special information about marketing: We use
your data to inform you about relevant products and offers, e.g. provide you
with targeted marketing. The data we collect in such cases contain information
that you willfully provide us with, the data we collect when you use our
Services or from third parties we work with. We analyze this data to form a
view on what we think you might want or need or what may be of interest to you.
You can at any time object to our use of your personal information for
marketing purposes, including any profiling for such purposes, and we will then
stop using your personal information for such purposes.
8. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?
To be able to provide you with the Services
and the best possible experience, we will share your data with other companies
and organizations. We will only do so if our partners can provide the same
level of security to keep your data safe as implemented by us and if our
partners can ensure that they comply with applicable laws and privacy
regulations. We may share your information with the following partners:
Game distribution platforms (for example,
Google, Apple, and Amazon)
Advertising partners and attribution
platforms to help us understand the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns
(for example, Google, Facebook, and Appsflyer)
Please note that our games or products may
be advertised in other applications. If you click on one of these
advertisements and install our game, you will become a user of our Services. To
prevent fraud and verify the installation of the game, we may share your IDFA
(iOS) and/or Advertiser ID (Android) with the relevant advertiser.
For Services using the Unity Engine, Unity
is our service provider. Unity may collect certain data in relation to your use
of such Services. You can find their privacy policy on their websites under
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.
We may release your data when we are
required to by a court order, according to law or in the event of a bankruptcy
or other similar unfortunate event.
We may also share and may acquire your data
with future subsidiaries or companies if we choose to sell, transfer or merge
parts of our business. We will, however, only transfer the data if we must and
if these companies comply with applicable privacy regulations and can guarantee
that your data will be kept safe.
9. CAN CHILDREN USE OUR SERVICES?
Our Services and games are not directed to
children and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 13
years of age. Insofar as certain countries or platforms apply a higher age of
consent for the collection of personal data, CAMEL requires parental or
guardian consent before an Account is created and personal data associated with
it is collected.From May 25, 2018, only children over 13 years old are allowed
to open a Age of Origins account. We strongly recommend parents or guardians to
instruct their children to not disclose any data when online. Parents or
guardians who are concerned about the transfer of data are welcome to contact
us at aoz@camel4u.com. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected
data from a child, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated
to retain such data.
10. SECURITY MEASURES TO PROTECT YOUR DATA
We maintain physical, electronic and
procedural safeguards to help guard your data in compliance with applicable
privacy regulations. If transactions are offered on the Services, transaction
information is transmitted to and from the Service in encrypted form using
industry-standard Transport Layer Security (TLS used to be known as SSL) connections
to help protect such information from interception. We strictly restrict
authorized access to your data only to those persons who have a legitimate
purpose to access it. We also have security measures in place to protect the
loss, misuse and alteration of the data we process.We maintain physical,
electronic and procedural safeguards to help guard your data in compliance with
applicable privacy regulations. If transactions are offered on the Services,
transaction information is transmitted to and from the Service in encrypted
form using industry-standard Transport Layer Security (TLS used to be known as
SSL) connections to help protect such information from interception. We
strictly restrict authorized access to your data only to those persons who have
a legitimate purpose to access it. We also have security measures in place to
protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the data we process.
11. IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO SHARE YOUR DATA
WITH US
We may need to collect data to be able to
fulfill our legal obligations or fulfill the terms of a contract we have with
you or to be able to even present you with the Services. If you choose not to
give us this data, it may prevent us from meeting our obligations. It may also
mean that we cannot perform the Services needed to run your Age of Origins
account or policies. It may also mean that we have to cancel a product or
Service you have with us.
12. HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
We will keep your information for as long
as you are a player or customer of Camel. We may keep your information for
longer for research or statistical purposes. If we do, we will make sure your
information is anonymized and non-traceable to you as a person. We will also
keep it for longer if we cannot delete it for legal or regulatory reasons. We
will however delete all data that is no longer necessary after a reasonable
period.
13. ACCESSING, CHANGING AND UPDATING YOUR
DATA
When you use our Services, we strive to
provide you with ways to quickly update or delete data that you have actively
provided. You have the right to access the data relating to you. This includes
the right to be informed whether or not data about you is being processed, what
data about you is being processed, and the purpose of the processing. You also
have a right, upon your request, to access information about any evaluation or
assessment of the balancing test we are required to conduct when we process
your data based on our legitimate interest. Furthermore, you have the right to
rectify or add data if the personal information is inaccurate or incomplete. As
soon as we become aware of any inaccurate personal information being processed,
we will always rectify your data without undue delay and notify you
accordingly. If you have created a Age of Origins account, you can use the
in-game Contact Official function or email aoz@camel4u.com to contact us
regarding your data.
14. RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF
YOUR DATA
You are also entitled to object to the
processing of your data on grounds related to your particular situation. Please
note however, that we must still process some personal information about you to
provide the Services to you. This means that you cannot object to all our use
of personal information and still require us to provide Services to you.
15. RIGHT TO ERASURE
You are entitled to request that we erase
data related to you. We will erase your data upon request provided that it is
no longer necessary for the purpose (for example you cannot require all
personal information about you to be erased and still receive Services from us)
or we have a legal obligation to store personal information.
16. RIGHT TO RESTRICTION
You are entitled to require us to restrict
our processing of your personal information if you contest the accuracy of the
data, if the processing is unlawful but you do still not want us to erase the
data, if the data is no longer needed to fulfill the purpose it was collected
for or you have informed us that you do not consider us to have a legitimate
interest for certain processing.
17. HOW TO GET A COPY OF YOUR DATA OR
RECEIVE A COPY OF YOUR DATA
You can request a copy of your data by
logging into your Age of Origins Account and contacting our official support
team through the in-game
“
Contact Official
”
function, or by emailing aoz@camel4u.com. If you request access to
personal information about you that you yourself have provided, and if the
personal information is being processed automatically and in accordance with a
contract between you and Camel or based on your consent, you may request that
the data is provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format
and you may also request that the personal information is transmitted to
another controller, if this is technically feasible.
18. HOW TO ENFORCE YOUR RIGHTS
You can contact our Support department by
logging into your Age of Origins account and using the Contact Official
function or emailing aoz@camel4u.com at any time to get a list of all the data
we have collected from you or to get such data deleted or invoke your other
rights as explained above. We will do our bests to answer your request in a
timely manner but please note that it may take a couple of days. Thank you for
your patience and understanding.
Please note that if we cannot identify and
guarantee who you are, we might ask you to provide us with additional
information or log into your Age of Origins account if possible. Please note
that we will not delete any data if we are unable to verify that you are their
rightful owner. We will however always use our best effort to help you out.
19. HOW TO WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT OR CLOSE
DOWN YOUR ACCOUNT
You can contact our official Support team
to close your account. However, if your account is closed, we may be unable to
provide you with certain Services, and your game experience may be affected.
Closing your game account will result in the loss of all of your game progress,
virtual currency, virtual items, and ability to access the game.
20. CHANGES IN THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Policy may change from time to time.
Any changes to this Policy can be checked at any time in the in-game Privacy
Policy, and if the changes are significant, we will provide you with a more
noticeable notice, like for example by game mail or with a pop-up in our games
or on your Age of Origins account page. If you are asked to accept material
changes to this Policy and decline to do so, you might not be able to continue
using the Services with all functionality preserved.
21. HOW TO CONTACT US AND HOW TO COMPLAIN
Please let us know if you are not happy
with the way we use and process your data by contacting our Support department
at: aoz@camel4u.com.
We will also appreciate to get feedback
from you if you think that this Policy or any part of it is unclear. Our
address is: 9/F., MW Tower, No.111 Bonham Strand, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
22. DPO CONTACTER INFORMATION
DPO contacter: Monica Lee
E-mail: aoz@camel4u.com
Hong
Kong Ke Mo software Co., Limited
Effective
Date: November 30, 2022