Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
We make Unity games
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
August 08, 2020
We respect and value your privacy here at Trex Inc,
Our Privacy Policy describes the information collected by our company Trex Inc, and our partners, through our mobile applications and the use of the information.
What third parties collect via our apps
We receive some information automatically when you use our Apps. This includes data about your device, software, operating system, the language you’ve set for your Device, advertising IDs for advertisement tracking (“Advertising IDs”), and your IP address.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you or your children through our apps. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number, or email address.
When you make in-app purchases in our games, we do not collect or have any access to your name and billing information. This information is collected and stored by your platform (Android’s Google Play) or your platform’s payment processor.
For more information about our partners’ practices, please visit the following links:
– https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
How we use this information collected in our Games
We collect this information to improve the performance and reliability of our Games and to get a better understanding of what users in general prefer. We do not link any of this information in any way to individuals or any other information we might obtain. We do not share, sell, or in any other way give other persons or companies. We don’t rent or sell your email address.
Our mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). In the event that a user identifies himself/herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or feedback, we will not collect, store or use and will delete in a secure manner any personal information of such a user.
We take care of filtering categories of sensitive and unsuitable ads for children. But rarely can an advertiser misclassify your ads, and this situation is beyond our reach.
Changes to this privacy policy
Superpow Studio has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with our Apps, please contact us at:
superpowstudio@gmail.com
This document was last updated on Feb 14, 2022
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
Baby & Kid Coloring Book Privacy Policy
January 29, 2021
We respect and value your privacy here at Trex Inc, Our Privacy Policy describes the information collected by our company Trex Inc, and our partners, through our mobile application  Baby & Kid Coloring Book  and the use of the information. What third parties collect via our app We receive some information automatically when you use our App. This includes data about your device, software, operating system, the language you’ve set for your Device, advertising IDs for advertisement tracking (“Advertising IDs”), and your IP address. We do not collect personally identifiable information about you or your children through our apps. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number, or email address. When you make in-app purchases in our game, we do not collect or have any access to your name and billing information. This information is collected and stored by your platform (Android’s Google Play) or your platform’s payment processor. For more informat
Read more
Superpow Studio Privacy Policy
August 27, 2019
We respect and value your privacy here at Superpow Studio.   Our Privacy Policy describes the information collected by our company Superpow Studio, and our partners, through our mobile applications and the use of the information.   What third parties collect via our apps   We receive some information automatically when you use our Apps. This includes data about your device, software, operating system, the language you’ve set for your Device, advertising IDs for advertisement tracking (“Advertising IDs”) and your IP address.   We do not collect personally identifiable information about you or your children through our apps. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.   When you make in-app purchases in our games, we do not collect or have any access to your name and billing information. This information is collected and stored by your platform (Android’s Google Play) or your platform’s payment processor.   For more informatio
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Archive
February 2022
2
January 2021
3
October 2020
1
August 2020
1
August 2019
1
January 2019
5
Report Abuse