Last Quarter Studios - Privacy Policy
1st of February, 2021
This privacy policy contains information on:
The ways we collect data about you and why.
How we use that data, and
The choices you have about your personal data and how it's handled.
This policy applies to all services and products (collectively referred to as Services) provided by Last Quarter Studios.
We may update this policy from periodically by updating this page. Your continued use of our Services after the effective date will be subject to the updated Privacy Policy.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have questions about this policy or something related to this policy, you may contact us using the information listed below.
Last Quarter Studios Limited Partnership (2973609-7)
email: privacy@lastquarterstudios.com
DATA COLLECTED BY US
The amount of data we collect can vary between Services.
Data directly provided by you to us:
Contact information (such as email address).
Player profile information (such as username).
Interactions, and other such messages sent to us (such as email).
Any other data you choose to give to us (for example: as part of a bug reporting process).
Data collected automatically by our services:
Your IP address and device and connection metadata when you visit our sites, or use online features within our Services (such as game news systems).
Data about the way you use online features within our Services.
Approximate location data (as derived from IP address).
DATA COLLECTED BY THIRD-PARTIES
When you install or otherwise get access to one of our Services, the service provider from whom you received our Service from may give us access to some data about you. Please refer to each providers privacy policy for more information regarding their data collection practises:
Steam Privacy Agreement
itch.io Privacy Policy
Apple Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
In some of our Services it is possible to log into a third party platform such as Google Play Games, or Apple's Game Center. When you use one of these third party services, we primarily use that information to the extent that we can:
Provide achievements.
Provide cloud saves.
Provide leaderboards.
These third parties may also give us access to additional statistics about your usage of these features (such as which achievements you've collected).
The data you make available to us using Google Play Games is dealt with according to the
Google Play Games Services Terms of Service
and
Google Controller-Controller Data Protection Terms
.
The data you make available to us using Game Center is dealt with according to the
Apple's privacy policy
.
All our services using the Unity game engine are subject to
Unity's Privacy Policy
.
Some of our services or some versions of our services use Unity Ads to show you advertisements. The data collected by Unity Ads (and the information on how to opt-out of personalized advertisements) can be found in the
Unity Privacy Policy
.
REASON FOR DATA COLLECTION
Last Quarter Studios is a games company first and foremost, not an advertising company, and that's reflected in the way we use your data.
We only collect your data to:
Operate our Services (including providing online features like achievements)
Send you Service-related communications. (for example: using the news system in a game to provide information about updates specific to the platform you're playing the game on)
Provide you with support related to our Services, and to respond to your questions
If you give us consent, we may use your data for additional purposes.
We will store your personal information for the time necessary in order to fulfill the purposes as described above, unless further storage is required in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or to comply with applicable laws. Your personal information will be deleted or anonymized, as soon as it is no longer necessary for the above mentioned purposes.
WHO CAN ACCESS YOUR DATA
Excluding our own internal access, the data we collect about you can only be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other users
Other users might have access to your display name, and other service related information (for example: high scores) in some of our services. You can choose what information you want to share with other players. No personal information will be shared with other users.
Third-party service providers
We use other service providers to help us provide our services.
Law enforcement
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may provide data to public authorities in response to lawful requests. We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Promotional communications
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
Opt-out of personalized advertisements from Unity Ads
You can opt-out of personalized advertising from Unity Ads on our services by following the instructions listed in the
Unity Privacy Policy
.
Request your personal data
If you choose to request it, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format. You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. All requests will be responded to within a reasonable timeframe.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we may retain your parts of your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
Our services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13 (or other age as required by applicable law). We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about from anyone under the age of 13 (or the applicable age in their territory) or knowingly allow such individuals to use our services.
If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data unless we have a legal obligation to keep it.
STEAM
ITCH
APP STORE
GOOGLE PLAY
CONTACT
PRIVACY POLICY
©
2022
Last Quarter Studios Limited Partnership. All rights reserved.
©
2022
Valve Corporation. Steam and the Steam logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Valve Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Google Play, the Google Play logo, YouTube, and the YouTube logo are trademarks of Google LLC. App Store is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Twitter and the Twitter Bird logo are trademarks of Twitter Inc. or its affiliates. Discord is a trademark of Discord Inc. All other trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners.