
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
evolvegames built the Minesweeper GO app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by evolvegames at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and
        disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation
        to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the
        Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
        in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible
        at Minesweeper GO unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain
        personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Name, Avatar. The information that I request is retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The data we collect
Data you provide us directly:
Player name as in-game nickname
Your messages and other content you submit when you use the Service (such as chat logs)
Data we collect automatically:
Data about your account and game progress, including in most cases an automatically created internal account ID
Your mobile device identifiers (such as your device or advertising ID)
Approximate location data (as derived from IP address). This data is used to show your country flag
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data, purchases made and your interactions with other players inside the Service
Data we collect from our partners:
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Service (Facebook)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from payment service providers (such as payment verification data)
Data that you have made available to us from a third party service (such as Facebook) via your privacy settings
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Facebook
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an
        error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone
        called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
        device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service,
        the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These
        are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries
        that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either
        accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to
        refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your
        Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
        are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving
        to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
        the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee
        its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
        to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly
        advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over
        and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
        or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect
        personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child
        under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from
        our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
        information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
        this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting
        the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
        this page.
Data Deletion Request
To request deletion of your personal data from our server please follow the instructions by clicking on the following link:
Deletion Instructions
.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
        me at dev.evolvegames@gmail.com