Toggle navigation
Privacy Policy
We at Scene9 Games Studio believe that privacy invasion is one of the main concerns of using apps.
Use & Collection of Information
To make you feel comfortable using our apps, we assure you that we collect the information very carefully and there is no chance that your personal information might be misused or get into wrong hands. We will only collect information personal and non-personal where it is reasonably necessary to do so for the conduct of our business. We may collect information regarding your use of our software, applications and/or services, including information about the duration of your use, the features you use and your interactions with other users of the software, applications and/or services.
We may collect information regarding the device you use to access the software, applications and/or services, including (where applicable) its model, operating system, screen resolution, user location, phone state and other technical information.
In general, we will not use or disclose personal information about you otherwise than for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you, for any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorized by you.
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our website.
If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information.
Any personal information submitted to us online, including via the software and/or services, may need to be processed by a third party. By submitting personal information online or via the software and/or services, you consent to the disclosure of that information to a third party, who may be located overseas, for the sole purpose of processing the submitted information.
What we do with the information we collect:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
1.  We may use the information to improve our products and services.
2.  Internal record keeping.
For good user experience, we may collect the following information:
1.  Demographic information such as location, preferences and interests for Remarketing purposes
2.  Your public information if social media is used in the app.
3.  App Usage Data and User Behavior
Advertising :
By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests.
Below are provider names of some of the third party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
•   Admob: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
•   Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
•   Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
•   Google Analytics: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
•   Firebase: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
•   Adcolony: http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, except in the delivery of this game, unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to 
send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.
Email: scene9games@gmail.com