Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Rise Game Studio
Search
Search This Blog
Privacy Policy
September 13, 2020
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application apps and games (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Rise Games.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service with a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Rise Games uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Games Wing Studio will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Automatically Collected Information
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Unity Analytics
Unity Analytics is provided by Unity Technologies.
For more information on what type of information Unity Analytics collects, please visit their Privacy Policy page:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application,
please contact us at
hamzar04f@gmail.com
and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
Processing means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
hamzar04f@gmail.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Popular posts from this blog
War Fire - Fps Commando Strike
August 09, 2023
The War Fire Has Begun. New FPS Shooting Game 2023 PLAY NOW Ultimate Shooting Game with Endless War with thrilling Offline Commando Game in low mb.... needs 1gb Ram to enjoy Gun game adventure. War Fire is intense best shooter game with offline thrilling Story to rescues Real Commando with lot of Gun Games Customization and Gun Skins WarFire is a Free Offline Shooting Game of this Year, In other word best banduk wala game in all gun games or banduk game. Offline games in in low mb without internet Rise Game Studio Launches new fps army commando mission to encounter the enemies as you are counter terrorist army commando of fps shooting games 2022.It’s an awesome first person shooter game real commando secret mission for all fps games players Will you hold your commando flag as a commander in this addictive offline fps commando shooting game. In this fps secret mission you will enjoy and encounter all enemies and taste the victory in Free shooting games that boost up your own by being
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Read more
About Me
MyBlogger
Visit profile
Archive
August 2023
1
September 2020
1
Report Abuse
Powered by Blogger