Real Piano Teacher Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Real Piano Teacher and Real Piano Teacher Pro
PRIVACY POLICY FOR Real Piano Teacher AND Real Piano Teacher PRO
Thank you for downloading Real Piano Teacher (“RPT”) or Real Piano Teacher Pro (“RPT Pro”). RPT and RPT Pro were developed by, and are owned and operated by, Mobobi.
It is the policy of Mobobi to respect your privacy, and the privacy of all users of our applications. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) has been established to help you understand our commitment to protecting your privacy, and the steps we take to ensure it. This Policy was last modified on February 2, 2017. Mobobi reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to modify the Policy.
Your privacy is very important to us and we want you to know everything we do and don’t do with the information you provide. Our guiding principle is that any information we collect from you will be treated with the utmost care and respect, and every effort will be made to ensure the information is kept private.
For purposes of the Policy, “Application” refers to RPT or RPT Pro, as the case may be. Application also includes any Application updates and upgrades that Mobobi may provide to you or make available to you, or that you obtain after the date you obtain your initial copy of the Application, to the extent that such items are not accompanied by a separate Privacy Policy.
What Information do we collect?
We may collect device country location if You choose to share your piano recordings in the "Nearby" feature.  If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings or by simply refusing permission when prompted.
How do we handle your social logins?
RPT offers you the ability to register and login using your third party Google account. Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from Google. This will often include your name, e-mail address and profile picture.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you in the App. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by Google. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
Third-Party Advertisements
Where you have downloaded RPT, the Application uses Google, a third party vendor, to serve advertisements in the Application, using the AdMob system (see http://www.google.com/ads/admob/). By using the Application, you consent to the delivery of these advertisements and any data collected by Google, as per the Privacy Policy of AdMob (found at http://www.admob.com/home/privacy).
User Control and Uninstall
You can access and change user settings from the options/settings menu on your device. Uninstall methods vary depending on your device. Mobobi has no control over these functions and denies any responsibility of your use thereof, and any data or personal information sent to third parties as a result of said activities.
Permissions
The following is a complete listing and description of what functions on the Device are accessed and / or modified by the Application. Unless otherwise indicated, the permission applies to both RPT and RPT Pro:
ACCESS MICROPHONE
Allows the Application to make Recordings using the microphone.
FULL NETWORK ACCESS
Allows the Application to create network sockets and use custom network protocols.
READ PHONE STATE
Allows the Application to get the state of the phone so it can pause music during incoming calls
ACCESS PHOTOS AND MEDIA
Allows you to download Piano Audio lessons on to device. Also allows you to set your profile picture and cover photo
CHECK LICENSE (RPT Pro only)
Verifies the market license.
LOCATION
Allows the Application to get device country location for "Nearby" feature so other players can see shared recordings within their countries.
SOCIAL POSTS AND COMMENTS RULES
No Profanity
Respect Boundaries
Be Accepting
Don't criticize
Don't be rude
Don't self promote
Keep it clean
By sharing your piano recordings, posting statuses and commenting within the app, you agree to these rules. You will be banned from using the social feature if you violate these rules
Risks Associated with the Internet or Wireless Data Transmission
Despite Mobobi’s efforts to ensure third parties will not access or obtain your personal information through the Application, complete confidentiality and security cannot currently be guaranteed on the Internet and / or where data is transferred via wireless digital technology of any type. Communication in this manner is subject to interception, loss, or alteration. You acknowledge and agree that Mobobi cannot be held responsible for damages resulting from the transmission of information in this manner and that such communications are at your own risk.
Limitation of Liability
Mobobi, and / or its respective officers, directors, owners, officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, will not be held liable for any damages resulting from the misuse of any information collected through the Application by any third party, or any misuse of any information collected through the Application not in violation of the Policy.