AsyncByte Privacy Policy
Langsung ke konten utama
Asyncbyte Software
AsyncByte Privacy Policy
Dapatkan link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Aplikasi Lainnya
Privacy Policy
Asyncbyte Software :
Your privacy is important to us.
Effective date: September 22, 2018
Asyncbyte Software ("us",
"we", or "our") operates the website and our
mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies
regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when
you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that
data.
We use your data to provide and improve
the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and
use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise
defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy
have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of
information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service
to you.
Types of Data Collected
Data
you provide us :
Your messages
 to the Service (such as reviews, email, screenshoot)
Other data
 you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect
automatically :
Your IP address and mobile device
 identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address,
 IMEI)
Data about your device, such as
 device name and operating system, browser type and language, screen
 size
Data we collect with cookies and
 similar technologies
General location data (eg. what
 country you are from)
Your cellular operator
Types of Data We Don't Collect:
In
our Apps We don't collect any personal data and “notes” data
.
Only you can see your personal data unless you
consciously
and aware / explicitly send that data to us.
Why Do We Collect Your Data
To show personalized
 advertisements.
To show you
personalized advertisements (more relevant advertisement instead of
random advertisement, the amount remaining same in both cases) in the
Service as well as in other websites and services (including email)
we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to [1]Track
the content you access in connection with the Service and your online
behavior. [2] Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the
Service.
To analyze problem and issues
 in the app
We use collected
data to analyse reported problem and to help solve the problem. In
general this will make our services better for you.
Who Can See Your Data
Apart
from us, your data can be accessed by others in the following
situations:
Partners Working for Asyncbyte
 Software
We has partners to
perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and
according to our instructions to provide the Service, such as
hosting, user support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Advertising and Social Media
 partners
The Service
includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction
tools and in-app advertising. We encourage you to check their privacy
policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics
service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our
Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may
use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of
its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy
practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web
page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other
sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party
link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly
advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no
responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any
third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy
Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new
Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a
prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming
effective and update the "effective date" at the top of
this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy
Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy
are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this
Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: Asyncbyte@Gmail.com
Dapatkan link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Aplikasi Lainnya
Diberdayakan oleh Blogger
Gambar tema oleh
Michael Elkan
Asyncbyte Software 2015 - 2018