Bubble Team Privacy Policy
Bubble Team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how  Bubble Team collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Bubble Team’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES
Bubble Team reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If Bubble Team makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Bubble Team may post a notice on Bubble Team’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data Bubble Team may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all Bubble Team users.
Bubble Team may use and disclose to Bubble Team’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Bubble Team services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Bubble Team may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by Bubble Team is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account
information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. Bubble Team also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
Bubble Team may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other Bubble Team services and products. Bubble Team may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Bubble Team may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Bubble Team. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Bubble Team may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Bubble Team and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Bubble Team collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy.
Bubble Team may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Bubble Team’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Bubble Team. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Bubble Team may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Bubble Team has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for Bubble Team. Bubble Team is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
Bubble Team may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Bubble Team to legal liability. Bubble Team may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Bubble Team has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Bubble Team’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Bubble Team believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Bubble Team’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Bubble Team. To the extent permitted by applicable law, Bubble Team will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Bubble Team’s website or in another reasonable manner.
Safeguards
Bubble Team follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Bubble Team’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in Bubble Team’s possession. Personal data collected by Bubble Team is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, Bubble Team maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite Bubble Team’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services Bubble Team may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Bubble Team is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. Bubble Team takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. Bubble Team does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if Bubble Team learns that Bubble Team has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, Bubble Team will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from Bubble Team’s records.
Bubble Team may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Bubble Team may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Bubble Team’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
Bubble Team regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If Bubble Team receives a formal written complaint from you, it is Bubble Team’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. Bubble Team will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and Bubble Team.
Third-party links
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy.  The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. -  See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control.  The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
1561212665@qq.com
+86-0734-6969187
+86-13620930753
Last Edited on 2017-02-11