Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
3DBrains - Fun Games
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
August 23, 2022
INTRODUCTION:
What’s Changed: Please note the changes in the definition of “3D Brains - Fun Free Games,” changes in “Sharing Your Information,” “Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies” and in “Your Choices” below.
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by
3D Brains
and its subsidiaries (“3D Brains ,” “we” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the information collected from:
web-based applications that are based on our mobile applications but are published by third parties,
mobile applications that we distribute on behalf of third parties and which are hosted and operated by such parties, or
the on-line submission of resumes and employment applications in connection with the Jobs section of our website.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our homepage or mobile applications or by sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
CHILDREN'S POLICY
We offer some portions of our services, particularly the Apps, to children. The laws that we are destined by, such as GDPR, and COPPA, set forth stringent guidelines for the collection of children’s personal data and valid consent relating to children. According to COPPA, it is mandatory to get a consent from a parent or a legal guardian of the child below the age of 13 before they may use our Apps. We do not gather any personal information from children who cannot provide a valid consent according to the laws that apply to us. If a parent or a legal guardian of an underage child thinks that their child is using our Apps without their consent then they can contact us by writing at
3dbrains59@gmail.com.
Parents of legal guardians of children have certain rights that they may exercise by directly getting in touch with us via our email address given below. These rights include:
•    Right to withdraw consent of the collection of personal data of a child.
•    Right to know what information we collect about children and how we process this data;
•    Right to request removal or rectification of information relating to a child;
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION:
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, manage your user profile, participate in any interactive features of the Services, request our e-newsletter or other marketing communications, participate in a promotion or survey, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, photograph, avatar, password, forum posts and comments, messages between users and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide. Prize winners of contests or sweepstakes may also have to provide their Social Security Numbers, which are used exclusively for prize fulfillment and related tax purposes. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Device Information:
We collect device-specific information when you access our Services from a mobile device, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and country.
Use Information:
We collect information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, game play activity, interactions with other players, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
Other Information Collected with Permission:
Our mobile applications that are distributed through various “app” stores may also request permission to automatically collect other information from your mobile device, including your email address. We may only collect this information with your authorization in accordance with your device operating system’s permission process.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information, profile picture, phone number, email address, gender, date of birth and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Setup your gWallet account and manage the 3D Brains credits that you earn and use across our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;
Send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by 3D Brains and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
3D Brains is based in the United Arab Emirated and the information we collect is governed by UAE law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the UAE and other countries.
Sharing of Information
Social Sharing Features
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
With other users of the in connection with the social features of the Services. For example, your username, profile picture and the virtual content you have accumulated in a game may be visible to other users of that game. Additionally, information that you provide in your account registration for a forum and your forum comments may be available to other forum users.
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation; If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of 3D Brains or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; or
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
We may allow third parties to serve advertisements in connection with our Services, to provide analytics services and provide you with other services, such as rewards programs and tournaments. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, your account information (that you set up with these third parties) and other technologies to collect information about you on our Services and other websites and online services, such as your IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications on the device, the browsers you use to visit our Services, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information. These third parties may also share this information with their customers and clients. This information may be used by 3D Brains, and these other companies and their customers and clients, to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your usage. Some of these third-party analytics and advertising services offer you a choice to opt out the collection of and/or sharing of this information; links to the opt-out mechanisms for the third parties that offer such a choice can be found in the “Your Choices” section below. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.
Security
3D Brains takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
YOUR CHOICES
Website Account Information
You may update, correct or delete your website account information, which includes your username, password, email address and avatar, by logging into your website account and managing your profile. If you wish to delete or deactivate your website account, please email us at privacy@3DBrains, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of your website account information for a certain period of time.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications (or “alerts”) to your mobile device to provide game activity information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate push notifications by changing your notification settings via your device.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from 3D Brains by following the instructions in those messages or by contacting us at privacy@3DBrains.
If you opt out, we may still send you transactional or relationship messages, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. Third Party Analytics and Advertising Services
We have identified the provider names of some of the third-party analytics and advertising services we use.
Please see the links below to learn more about the data practices of our third-party service providers (including opt-out mechanisms they may offer):
AdColony:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Google AdMob:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
MoPub:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Conversant Media:
https://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy
Facebook Audience Network:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Yahoo! Flurry:
https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/products/developer/index.htm
InMobi:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
LifeStreet:
http://www.lifestreet.com/privacy/
UnityAds:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Aerserv:
https://www.aerserv.com/privacy-policy/
Flurry:
https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do
Nanigans:
http://www.nanigans.com/privacy-policy/
TapJoy:
http://info.tapjoy.com/about-tapjoy/privacy-policy/
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Privacy Policy Administrator.
You may also contact our Privacy Policy Administrator by writing to:
Privacy Policy Administrator
3D Brains
Office 2501 Mazaya Business Avenue
JLT - Dubai
UAE
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
mattjeacock
3DBrains
3Dbrains
Visit profile
Archive
August 2022
1
Report Abuse