Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Intro
Hello! Welcome to the Antada Policy
.
This policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how Antada (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “Antada”) collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Antada Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. Antada reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If Antada makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Antada may post a notice on Antada ’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data Antada may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your check-in (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all Antada users.
Antada may use and disclose to Antada ’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Antada services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Antada may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by Antada is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account
information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. Antada also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
Antada may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other Antada services and products. Antada may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Antada may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Antada . This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Antada may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Antada and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Antada collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Antada may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Antada may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Antada ’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Antada . These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Antada may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Antada has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for Antada . Antada is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
Antada may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or Antada to legal liability. Antada may also disclose your personal data to third parties when Antada has a reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with Antada ’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or Antada believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect Antada ’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Antada . To the extent permitted by applicable law, Antada will make reasonable efforts to notify you of such disclosure through Antada ’s website or in another reasonable manner.
Antada may use certain online identifiers or device identifiers to understand how user interact with our service, track our traffic and personalize content and ads. We also share such identifiers and other information from your device with our advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information you’ve provided them or they’ve collected from your use of their service. As part of our commitment to complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we integrated third-party ads SDK which promise to be compliant with GDPR and are allowed to deliver, serve and measure ads in the European Economic Area (EEA), to support ad delivery, ad measurement and other functions. Those third-party ads providers are deemed to be independent data controllers under
GDPR. You can view those ads providers’ privacy policy to learn more how your data to be collected and processed by those ads providers. For convenience, we’ve also listed those providers we have cooperated with below.
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Unity:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Applovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Adcolony:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Safeguards
Antada follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Antada ’s possession. Only those persons with a need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data in Antada ’s possession. Personal data collected by Antada is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to personal data, Antada maintains personal data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and there is the possibility that despite Antada ’s reasonable efforts, there could be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume this risk.
Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social networking and other open features of the Services Antada may make available to you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Antada is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 15 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. Antada takes children’s privacy seriously, and encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. Antada does not knowingly collect any personal information from children below the aforementioned age and if Antada learns that Antada has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under the aforementioned age, Antada will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such personal data from Antada ’s records.
Antada may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Antada may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Antada ’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
Antada regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. If Antada receives a formal written complaint from you, it is Antada ’s policy to attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. Antada will cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved between you and Antada .
Contact Us
Email:
support@antada.com.vn