Vital Games Production - Privacy Policy
Vital Games Production Privacy Policy:
We at Vital Games Production, believe that you have the right to know our practices regarding information we collect. We disclose in this privacy statement about the information we collect and the circumstances under which we and our third party marketing and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you when you play our Games.We revise the “last updated” date when we make changes in our privacy statement.
Types of Information We Collect:
There are two types of information we collect through your use of our Games.
Personal Information:
This type of information can reveal the identification of an individual user which can be sensitive in nature. After installing a game/app or via web your IP address and Advertisement ID is automatically and only collected which is used to enhance user experience. No other personal information is collected automatically. Please note your credit card information is not stored or processed by us, if you are using our apps and purchasing virtual items only Google or Apple process your credit card information and all other information related to your credit card.
Your personal information is gathered only with your CONSENT and APPROVAL. Information is obtained only when you ACCEPT the terms and privacy policy consent dialogue within the game.
Non-Personal Information:
This type of information includes “Usage Data,” which is anonymous data tied to your computer and/or device, such as the actions you take within and outside of the Websites/Apps, the browser you use. Device ID, geographical data, game progress, time used playing, score and achievements IDFAs, IDFVs, Advertising IDs, IP address, Country code, Time zone, session start/stop time, SDK version, timestamp, Language Network status (WiFi, etc.), browser plug-in types and versions, Technical device information (e.g. device model and name, operating system name and version, mobile phone carrier, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware, software, Internet service provider, API key identifier for application, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) on Android, Android ID, Android Serial No) and other non-personal data as reasonably required by Vital Games Production to enhance the Services and other Vital Games Production products and services.
Use of Information Collected: We use the information we collect about you/your device to deliver better services to you and to operate our business. Such use by us and by our Partners may include but not limited to:
Serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising
Operate, improve, and develop our games and services and to measure health of our services.
Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors.
Send you push notifications and for promoting our apps.
Provide game experiences customized to your preferences.
Facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices, when available.
Save game progress and statistics.
Provide you with any goods, services, or functionality you have requested
Disclosure of Information:
As a general rule we will not share Personal Data that directly identifies you with independent third parties without your consent, unless it is either required by law or we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our rights, property or operations or to protect our players or third parties. We may share anonymous or aggregated information, or other data that does not directly identify you, with third parties for the purposes of delivering targeted advertising.
Third Party Analytics and Advertising Services:
Below are provider names of some of the third party analytics and advertising services we use.
Admob: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost:https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Google Analytics: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Firebase: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Game Analytics: http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy
AppLovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy
IronSource:http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
ConsoliAds: https://www.consoliads.com/privacy-policy/
Vungle: https://vungle.com/privacy/
AdColony: https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Children’s Privacy: (COPPA Complaint):
Most of our services are not directed to children under 13 and we don’t direct them to anyone under 13. We abide by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). If a user gets identified as a child under this prescribed age within the Services, We will not collect, store or use any information of such user. Vital Game Production also does not allow third party partners to access personally identifiable data from users under 13. If Vital Games Production  received personal information and discovered that it was provided by a child under the age of 13, We will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
GDPR & CCPA Compliance:
While playing our games you will be asked to give us consent for showing you personalized advertisements and enhance your experience using your IP address and other identifiers. If you do not give us consent, your information will not be processed which eventually may lead to poor user experience.
Push Notifications:
With your consent, we send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game activity information, service updates and promotional texts and messages. You can deactivate push notifications by changing your notification settings in your device.
Transfer of Information Overseas:
We may transfer and store your data and information on servers and equipment located in any territory, including, without limitation, Australia and the United States of America etc.
Deletion of Information:
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it collected.
Security:
Vital Games Production takes appropriate security and technical measures to protect your information from unauthorised access, loss and misuse. However, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information online and offline, as the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the security risks are constantly evolving. So you should always take care when sharing your information online.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy is subject to change and we may make any changes to this Privacy Policy as we see fit. We advise you to revise it from time to time so you would always be up to date with our practices.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact Vital Games Production at vitalgamesproduction@gmail.com

Last Updated: December 2020