Privacy Policy - Skybound Entertainment
&nbsp
Welcome to Skybound Insiders, the free VIP group for lovers of comics and entertainment!
Forgot Password?
Or
Welcome to Skybound Insiders, the free VIP group for lovers of comics and entertainment!
Login
Creating an account means you're okay with Skybound's
Terms of Service
,
Privacy Policy
&nbsp
Welcome to Skybound Insiders, the free VIP group for lovers of comics and entertainment!
Or
Cancel
Creating an account means you're okay with Skybound's
Terms of Service
,
Privacy Policy
&nbsp
Almost complete! You will now receive a confirmation email for your registration, please click the link in that email to finish the registration process and claim your comic rewards.
About
Comics
Games
TV / Movies
Podcasts
Shop
Nothing Found
View All Search Results
Account
Logout
Nothing Found
View All Search Results
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 1, 2020
Download Consumer Request Form
Effective: January 1, 2020
Introduction.
The operator of this website, Skybound, LLC, together with its parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, brands and divisions, as may change from time to time (collectively, “Skybound,” “we,” “us,” “our”), has created this Privacy Policy to explain what information we collect from individuals, how we use that information and how we share it with others. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, please contact us using the methods provided in the Contact Us section at the end of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms and Conditions.
When you submit your personal information to us, whether through our website at www.skybound.com and dependent pages (the “Site”), by joining Skybound Insiders, through our social media presences, games, mobile apps, online or offline store, or other services (collectively with the Site, the “Services”), you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. You may withdraw your consent at any time using the method provided in the Exercising Your Rights section of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use any Service and do not provide personal information to us through any Service.
How We Collect Information.
Generally, you may browse the Site without providing personal information and certain Services may allow use without providing personal information. However, we may ask that you provide personal information at various times and locations throughout the Services to provide you with the best possible experience that Skybound has to offer. The following are categories of sources from which information may be collected:
Directly from you and other consumers through your interactions with and use of our Services. For example, we collect personal information as a condition of registering on the Site or making an online purchase such as action figures, books, clothing, or other products (“Products”). We also collect personal information when you subscribe to Skybound Insiders, participate in our voluntary surveys, sweepstakes, or contests, and if you choose to post to any forums and chat rooms of our Services;
Through our games and mobile apps. For example, if you play our games, we may record your actions in the game in order to track your progress, in-game purchases you have made, and related information;
Through automated technologies, online browser tools, and other technology to determine your location, as well as cookies, pixel tags and other technologies (see the Cookies, IP Addresses and Website Use section for more information);
From our third party service providers, business partners, mailing companies, and contract research organizations;
From government agencies or public records;
From social media and other content platforms, if you access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in (e.g., through a social network); and
From other customers who request certain Services to be provided to you.
We may enrich the personal information you provide to us with other information that we validly obtain from public sources or third parties.
What Information We Collect.
Generally, we collect personal information when you wish to provide it to us or when it is otherwise obtained as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you engage in any of the activities mentioned above, you may be required to provide personal information. For example, if you decide to place an order, we (or our third-party payment processor) will also need to know your shipping and billing address, credit card number and expiration date. We may collect the following categories of personal information:
Contact information
(such as name, email address, mailing address, shipping address, phone number)
Personal identifiers
(such as your Social Security number, Driver’s License number, passport number, signature, account username and password, photos, and certain social media information that you may allow us to have access to in your profile)
Social Media information
(such as an ID associated with the applicable third party platform/social networking account, user files, photos and videos, your list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts or “likes.”) If you do not wish to have this information shared by social media platforms, do not access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in. For a description on how social networking sites handle your information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use
Financial information
(such as credit/debit card number, purchases made, institution name)
Employment information
(such as occupation, title, education, work history)
Demographic information
(such as age, gender, birthday)
Personal characteristics
(such as veteran status, marital status, familial information)
Geo-location information
(such as city/state, zip code, physical location). Note: we may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your mobile hardware accessing the Service. This location data is used by us to provide and improve location-based Services.
Internet or other Electronic Network Activity information
(such as IP address, device type, browser information, website pages visited and when, duration of session, name of internet service provider, use of links to arrive at our Site and actions taken within our Site or emails including comments or interactions on our forums, blogs, and message boards)
Inferences drawn
from the above categories of personal information reflecting your preferences, characteristics, behaviors, attitudes and abilities
In addition to the above categories, you may otherwise choose to provide us with additional pieces of personal information, such as when you create an account, fill in a form or submit an application for employment.
If you choose to submit any personal information relating to other people, you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Information.
Generally, your personal information will be used to provide you Services in connection with the performance and fulfillment of the contract we have with you, including to contact you in relation to an order you have placed, for marketing, in order to improve our Services, and other legitimate business interests. Skybound does not offer financial incentives for the use of personal information. The types of purposes for which we may use your information include:
Fulfillment and Responding to Requests.
We may use personal information to fulfill requests and perform our responsibilities under our contract with you, such as opening your account.
Protection and Security.
We may use personal information to protect the security and integrity of our Services, and for the protection of Skybound, our users, and others.
Responding to your inquiries.
We may use personal information to respond to questions.
We may use financial information to complete requested transactions.
Administrative Communications.
We may use personal information to send important information regarding our Services, such as changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information. Because this information may be important to us providing our Services, you may not opt-out of receiving such communications.
Marketing Communications.
We may use personal information you or third parties provide to better understand your needs and preferences and show you more meaningful content based on your interests (including to notify you of Skybound Products and Services, sales and promotions, or other matters that may be of interest to you). You may, at any time, stop email marketing communications from Skybound by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link contained in every email communication that Skybound sends to you. Following this, you may still receive administrative communications (such as receipts for Product orders), and critical messages related to your account (such as password reset requests that you initiate).
Mailing Lists.
We may send you information on Products, Services, special deals, newsletters and other materials from Skybound. If you no longer wish to receive such materials from Skybound, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by emailing us at accounts@Skybound.com. However, please note that even if you opt-out, you may receive Site and Service announcement updates, which are distributed to members automatically in connection with our provision of Services.
Forums, Blogs, Message Boards.
If you register for access to any of our blogs or message boards, we will use your personal information to enable you to view and post messages on the boards. However, you should understand that community forums, blogs, and message boards are tools that allow you to communicate with members of the online community. As such, whenever you give out personal information in public areas, that information can be collected and used by others. We are not responsible for any personal information you provide publicly or to third parties.
When you use certain Services of ours, such as our games or mobile apps, we may request your consent to collect information about your actual location in order to provide location-based services. We may use various technologies to determine your location, including Wi-Fi triangulation, Bluetooth Low Energy, GPS, IP address, and other sensors.
We may also use your personal information for market research, including to conduct surveys, compile databases, and identify individuals for research programs.
Online Services
. We collect and use information about how you and other users interact with our Services in order to compile statistics for analysis of our Services and business.
Internal Business Purposes.
We may use personal information collected from the categories listed above for our internal business purposes, such as data analysis, developing new offerings, furnishing our Site, improving our Services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
Legal and Regulatory
. We may use personal information to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, and to prevent fraud, suspicious or other illegal activities.
SMS opt-in Information
By entering your phone number in our checkout SMS opt-in, subscribing via our subscription form or via our text-to-join keyword, you agree that By signing up via text, you agree to receive recurring automated promotional and personalized marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders) from Skybound Entertainment at the cell number used when signing up. You also acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase made on our site.
If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you within any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply.
For any questions please text HELP to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt out please follow the procedures above.
With Whom Do We Share Information.
Generally, we share personal information about you to third parties when we have your consent to do so or in order to provide the Services you have requested.
We do not sell your personal information for money without your permission.  However, we may share your personal information with commercial partners as described below.  In some cases this type of sharing may be considered a sale under certain applicable laws.  In the event that any potential transfer of personal information now or in the future is deemed a “sale”, you may opt-out now or at any time using the method provided in the Exercising Your Rights section of this Policy.
We may share your personal information with the following entities:
Affiliated Entities.
We may share personal information to our subsidiaries and company affiliates. These companies may use your information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Service Providers
. We may share personal information with third party service providers that we hire to assist with running our everyday business, including, but not limited to, payment processing, shipping, order tracking, promotional fulfillment, customer service, IT services, data analysis, and other similar services. We grant our service providers access to personal information only to the extent needed for them to perform their functions, and require them to protect the confidentiality and security of such information. However, even with the service providers agreeing to abide by these restrictions, we cannot control how third parties process information.
Commercial Partners.
We may share personal information, such as customer mailing addresses, with third parties who partner with us to deliver the Services or for other commercial activities. Depending on the choices you have made and the nature of the joint activity, these third parties may contact you with information about Skybound-related products and their products and/or services that may be of interest to you. We do not sell personal information to unaffiliated third parties for their own use or marketing purposes.
Business Transfers or Assignments.
Skybound may sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that Skybound or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your customer information will be one of the transferred assets. If we purchase a business, the personal information received with that business would be treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy in effect at that time, so long as it is practicable and permissible to do so. If we sell a business, we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personal information in the same manner required by our Privacy Policy in effect at that time. The provisions of this paragraph will apply also if we are sold as a part of bankruptcy proceedings.
Law Enforcement; Emergencies; Compliance.
We may disclose personal information about you, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, and/or to respond to the valid legal process (this includes a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, and any other instance when we reasonably believe we are legally required to comply). We may disclose personal information to protect Skybound’s rights or interests, including enforcement of our Terms and Conditions. We may also exchange information, including personal information, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.
At your direction.
We may use and disclose your personal information as you otherwise consent, including by your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Additionally, if you enter a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion, the official rules may include other provisions related to the sharing of your personal information.
Cookies, IP Addresses and Website Usage.
We may place a “cookie” on your computer’s hard drive so we can recognize you as a return user in order to personalize and improve your experience. A cookie is a piece of data that enables us to track and target your preferences. The cookie will be stored on your computer’s hard drive until you remove it. We may also use temporary or “session” cookies to help you shop. You can have your browser notify you of, or automatically reject cookies. If you reject our cookies, you may still use the Site, but you may be limited in the use of some of the features. Some of our affiliates may also use cookies on the Site. However, we have no access to, or control over, these cookies and do not accept any responsibility for such use.
We may, in addition, use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Services, track traffic patterns, and gather demographic information for aggregate use, as well as in combination with your personal information for purposes such as credit fraud protection and risk reduction. We also use cookies or a sessions key to customize content specific to your interests, to ensure that you do not see the same advertisement repeatedly, and to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site or use a Service.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but please note that you may at any point in time change your browser settings to stop receiving new cookies or request to be asked at each time whether you wish a cookie to be installed onto your hard drive. If you decline or delete cookies, some parts of the Services may no longer work properly.
Third-party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this Site and/or other sites on the Internet. Skybound does not control and disclaims liability for the actions of third-party vendors.
Web Beacons
: We may use web beacons (or clear GIFs) on our Site or include them in the email messages we send you. Web beacons (also known as “web bugs”) are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. We use web beacons for many purposes, including site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising and email auditing and reporting, and personalization. Information gathered through web beacons may be linked to your personal information.
Do Not Track
: While your browser or mobile device may also allow you to send a “do not track” signal when you visit the Site, we do not modify our practices in response to honor the AdChoice DNT signals. We will continue to comply with this Privacy Policy in any event.
IP Addresses
: Skybound may also keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to troubleshoot technical concerns and to maintain website safety and security. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.
Log Files
: Skybound may collect information in the form of logs; that is, files that record website activity and gather statistics about users’ browsing or app use habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and help us determine (among other things) how many and how often users have visited our Site or used our Services, which pages you have visited, and other similar data (i.e., navigational data). We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the Services we provide you.
Device Information
: We collect device-specific information, such as the hardware model and operating system on your mobile device, desktop or laptop computer. We may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Services account.
Google Analytics
: One tool we use on the Site is Google Analytics. To learn more about how Google uses data, please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners. For opt-out options specific to Google Analytics, please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Traffic Data.
We automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our Site and may do so when you use our other Services: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of computers accessing the Site; (4) web beacons; and (5) types of web browsers used to access the Site (collectively “Traffic Data”). Traffic Data is helpful for marketing purposes or for improving your experience using the Services. Traffic Data can also provide us information about your use of the Services so that we or our third-party vendors can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on the Site (and some Services) sent directly to your browser.
Some of these third-party companies may be participants in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). The DAA offers a choice mechanism with respect to certain types of data collection and use. Visit www.aboutads.info to exercise choice with respect to participants of the DAA. If you would like to opt out from having the behavioral-based advertising companies with whom we have a relationship use your personal information for advertising purposes, you can also do so by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative. If you change computers, devices, or browsers, use multiple computers, devices, or browsers, or delete your cookies, you may need to repeat this process for each computer, device, or browser.
Age Requirements for General Use of Site.
Our Services are for general audiences and we do not direct any of our content specifically at children or minors under 16 years of age. By using our Services, you affirm that you are at least 16 years of age. If you are under 16 years of age, do not use the Services. If you are a minor, by registering or participating in any of our Services or related functions, including providing any personal information, you hereby represent that you are in possession of consent from a legal parent or guardian who has agreed to the terms of this Privacy Policy on your behalf. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we learn that a Service user is not at least 16 years of age, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account. If you are a parent and become aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us using the methods provided in the Contact Us section at the end of this Privacy Policy and we will address the issue.
Your Personal Information Rights.
Depending on your jurisdiction, applicable law may entitle you to certain rights and choices as it pertains to your personal information, including the right:
To know the categories and/or specific pieces of Personal Information collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling Personal Information, and the categories of third parties with whom your Personal Information was shared;
To request deletion of personal information;
To opt-out of the sale of personal information; and
To non-discrimination based on the exercise of your privacy rights.
If you are a resident of the EEA (or as otherwise required by law), you may have additional or similar rights in connection with the personal information you provide us with, including the right:
To request the transmission of the personal information you have provided to us to you or another company;
To object to any uses or disclosures of your personal information;
To withdraw your consent in relation to our processing of your personal information based on your consent;
To request deletion of your personal information, subject to certain legal limitations on this right above; and
To request that we restrict processing of your personal information, in each case in accordance with applicable law.
Exercising Your Rights.
To exercise any of your applicable rights in this section in relation to your personal information, please contact us using the methods provided in the Contact Us section at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Before Skybound is able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, we may ask you to verify your identity and/or provide other details to help us respond to your request. If you are an authorized agent or parent/guardian making a request on behalf of a consumer or your child, we may require and request additional information to verify that you are authorized to make that request.
Generally, you may exercise these rights free of charge unless the request is unfounded, excessive, or otherwise unreasonable, for instance, because it is repetitive. In some situations, we may refuse to act or may impose limitations on your rights, as permitted by law. Where we deny your request in whole or in part, we will endeavor to inform you of the denial, provide an explanation of our actions, and the reason(s) for the denial.
We will not restrict or deny you access to our Sites or Services because of choices and requests you make in connection with your personal information. In all cases, you have a right to file a complaint with us or the applicable data protection regulator if you are not satisfied with any action that we take in connection with the exercise of your rights.
Security.
We value and respect your privacy. Skybound has reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures in place designed to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind, however, that no internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from the Services may not be secure, and you should, therefore, take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this Site or other Services, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.  If you have any questions about the security of personal information or the Services, you can email us at
accounts@skybound.com
.
All personal information is protected within Skybound’s secure infrastructure and transfers of data are encrypted including between the users and the Site using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. These security measures are implemented by us and the vendors to whom we provide personal information, in accordance with industry standards to protect the security of your personal information both online and offline.
Third Party Links.
We may provide links to other websites solely for your convenience and information. These websites are not under our control and have their own policies regarding privacy that you may wish to review. Please be aware that we have no responsibility for the privacy practices of such other websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through the Services. Skybound makes no guarantees about the accuracy, currency, content or quality of the information provided by such third-party websites, and Skybound assumes no responsibility for unintended, objectionable, inaccurate, misleading, or unlawful content that may reside on those websites.
International Data Transfers.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), we may transfer your personal information to countries that have not been found by the European Commission to provide adequate protection for your personal information, including the United States. For any such transfers, Skybound takes necessary measures to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection. By using the Services, you give your consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of the EEA. If you do not wish your personal information to be transferred outside of the EEA, you should not enter personal information into the Services.
Data Retention.
Your personal information will be stored for so long as is necessary to achieve the purposes for which it was collected, but no longer than the time period ascribed under applicable retention policies and/or in accordance with applicable law. Our retention policies reflect local statute of limitation periods and national statutory obligations.
Changes.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes to our Privacy Policy shall become effective on the date they are posted.
Contact Us.
For any reason and at any time, including if you have questions about your personal information or your rights under this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the following contact information:
Email:
accounts@skybound.com
Postal Address: 9570 West Pico Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90035
afterschool
assassin-nation
baldurs-gate
battle-pope
battle-pope
big-con
birthright
brit
callisto-protocol
clementine
clone
creepshow
crude
cuphead
dark-ride
dead-body-road
deaths-gambit
die-die-die
disco
the-electric-state
escape-academy
everyday-herd
excellence
extra-fabulous
extremity
fear-the-walking-dead
fire-power
gasolina
ghosted
glitch-busters
grimm-forest
grimm-masquerade
guardians-call
guarding-the-globe
hardcore
heart-attack
homestead
icewind-dale
hate-this-place
invincible
invincible-universe
kroma
last-man
the-labrynth
the-long-dark
manifest-destiny
murder-falcon
mr-lovenstein
neverwinter-nights
notmycar
oblivion-song
the-obsoletes
outcast
outer-darkness
outpost-zero
pitchstorm
planescape-torment
rainbow-billy
redneck
the-walking-dead-saints-and-sinners
science-dog
scurry
sea-serpent-heir
six-sidekicks
skull-girls
skybound-x
slime-rancher
the-walking-dead-something-to-fear
sorcerer-city
stealth
stillwater
stray
superfight
tech-jacket
the-walking-dead
the-walking-dead-last-mile
telltales-the-walking-dead
thief-of-thieves
tidal-blades
trial-by-trolley
vice
wrestle-quest
READ
About
Comics
Games
TV / Movies
Podcasts
SHOP
Games
Clothing
Accessories
Comics & Books
Toys & Collectibles
LEARN
Robert Kirkman
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Careers
© 2023
Skybound
, LLC and/or its affiliates. The
Skybound
mark and any related logos are trademarks of
Skybound
, LLC
Login
About
Comics
Games
TV & MOVIES
Shop
Podcasts
Facebook
Forgotten Password?
Login
Don't have an account yet?
Sign Up
Copyright &copy 2018 All Site Content and &copy 2018 SKYBOUND, unless otherwise noted here. All Right Reserved.
Fill the forms bellow to register
Cancel
Facebook
Sign Up
Already have an account?
Log In
All fields are required.
Retrieve your password
Please enter your username or email address to reset your password.
Log In