Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
This document describes how 4096.io collects, stores and uses user's
        ("User") information with our products ("Service").
Service collects, stores and uses data according to this document. By
        using the Service you accept this Privacy Policy. Please do not install
        or use the Service if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
The privacy policy has been updated on November 1st, 2021.
Information collection
Service collects anonymous analytics, like screen resolution, usage
        information, crash reports and operating system version, to help us
        understand the Service usage, optimize it and provide better Service for
        users. This data is automatically deleted 14 months after User stops
        using the Service.
Service collects User provided information (nickname, message) and
        User’s coarse location (country) for online ranking if User wants to
        participate in it.
Third party services
Service uses third party services for analytics collection (Google
        Analytics Suite) and for providing advertisements (Google AdMob,
        Facebook).
Advertisement providers may show personalized ads for User and they may
        collect, use and store data about the User to enable this.
NOTE: In European Economic Area (EEA) only non-personalized ads (NPA)
        from Google AdMob are served. For non-personalized ads no User data is
        collected or used to target ads. Some legitimate interest based User
        data is collected, for example to track the ad usage and to combat ad
        fraud.
User can purchase "Remove ads" in-app purchase that stops the ads and
        related data collection, usage and storage.
To read more details about data collection on third party services,
        please read
Google Privacy Policy
or
Facebook privacy policy
.
To opt out of personalized ads, please check instructions from
Google
and
Facebook
.
Data deletion requests
For data deletion requests, please contact us at
        panu.vuorinen@gmail.com.
Additional information
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please
        contact us at panu.vuorinen@gmail.com.