Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
GeekyLogics take the privacy of our customers seriously and are committed to safeguarding your privacy while you use our Software. This policy describes the types of information we collect when you use GeekyLogics's services and Software, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. Our Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the information you share with us.
1. What information we collect?
We collect data to improve our products and services. We generally collect information in the following ways to provide better services to all of our users:
Information about malicious applications, files and other potential threats on your device and their behaviors and origins;
Information about your device including device ID, apps of the third party installed on the device, manufacturer of the device, screen size and model of the device;
Information we collected as you use our services, such as certain Log Data and public information.
Analytics information about how you use our applications, the buttons you click, the types and numbers of threats found etc.
Error log and a DUMP file automatically generated when an unexpected error occurs or an application crashes;and we do not collect your personal identifiable information when you using our product, such as name, phone number, physical address.
2. How we use the information we collect?
We may use your Information for any of the following purposes:
to provide our services to you;
To find out the reason that an error occurred or app crashed and improve the quality of the product;
for customer service, security, fraud-detection;
to better understand how you access and use our services, for the purposes of trying to improve our services and to respond to customer desires and preferences;
to help us develop and improve our services;
to assess the effectiveness of and improve advertising and other marketing and promotional activities on or in connection with our services;
for the purposes of software verification or administering software upgrades;
to allow you to participate in surveys about our products and services.
3. How we share the information we collect?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We may disclose your Non-personal information:
To trusted third parties who assist us in operating our services and conducting our business so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential;
We will access, use or disclose your information with other organizations or entities for reasons that required by any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
Detect, prevent, or otherwise fraud, security or technical issues;
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of NewBorn Town, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
4. Security
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.
5. Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.
6. Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.
7. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing,
please contact us:
geekylogics@gmail.com
Last modified: 17 September 2018