Privacy Policy
Alex Black
				Apps
Android приложения
Главная
Google Play
Скачать
Все программы
Контакты
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Alex Black Apps makes exciting games and applications. Thanks for playing!
We respect the privacy of everyone who uses our games, applications, website and all related services
    that we provide. In this document (called "Privacy Policy") we refer to Alex Black Apps as "us", "we" or "our" and
    we refer to you as "you" and "your". The services we provide, including, but not limited to games, applications and
    our website, are referred as "Services" within the context of this document.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use and disclosure of
    Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Services.
If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this
    policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Services. We will not use
    or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please, read this Privacy Policy to understand how we use, collect, process, store and protect your personal
    information (such as your name, email address, telephone number or ip address) that you provide to us. In this
    Privacy Policy we refer to this kind of data as "Personal Information" or "data".
What Information We Collect and Use
For a better experience while using our Services, we may require you to provide us with certain personally
    identifiable information. The information that we collect will be used as described in this Privacy Policy.
Our Apps do not collect, store or share any personal or sensitive information.
We may collect non-personal identification information:
an information you provide
date and time when you provide it with your information
This information is considered as Private Content. Private Content in our mobile applications are stored on a device
    memory in database and collection of files. Private Content is not uploaded to any online storage without user's
    action. Service only stores the data it needs to function properly.
Information We Share
Services do not automatically share any personal information you provide with any third-party company, application or
    service without your permission. We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals
    outside of Google.
Our Apps may use external services provided by advertising partners (ad networks) to display in-app advertisements.
    These services may collect and process personal data such as advertising device ID, location data and other
    demographic and interest data in order to provide advertising that is most relevant and useful to you.
Links to the privacy policies of third-party service providers used by our apps:
AdMob
Google Play Services
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable
    means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
    storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
    Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy
    Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies,
    or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information
    from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we
    immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has
    provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Feedback
You can send us feedback via the feedback form. The feedback form allows you to send an email address with your
    feedback. The email address may be used to contact you if we need further information or clarification about how to
    resolve any problems for which you submit feedback. We do not guarantee a response to feedback it receives.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at
    barbyshev.alexander@gmail.com or by using our web form at
Contact Us
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will review and may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page
    periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the revised Privacy Policy on this page.
    These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Last updated: February 11, 2022
Главная
Google Play
Скачать
Все программы
Конфиденциальность
Контакты
Copyright © 2014
Alex Black Apps