Bonbeart - Privacy Policy
Bonbeart - Privacy Policy
Intro
Bonbeart respects the privacy rights of our users and any information that may be collected through the use of our Games.
This Privacy Policy explains how we (“we”, “us” or “our” refers to the Bonbeart) collect, store and use information about you (“you”, “your”, “user” refers to the customer). This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect through our games (“Game“ refers to the game application) on mobile devices or on other platforms. We do not store any personal information.
All Bonbeart activities, regarding games, analytics, advertising and other services (“Services”) are governed by this Privacy Policy on all platforms that using or accessing a Service means you have agreed to the use of your information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
If there’s any concern regarding providing your information to us or you disagree it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, please do not install or use the Services.
Information Usage
When you use our Games, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. This information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. Specifically, the information we collect automatically includes information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.
The information collected is used only for generic purposes, like advertising customization, analytical and statistical information to enhance the gaming experience and track incidents and errors to provide a correct fault free service.
This information is not shared with individuals or companies not associated with us, it is only processed with our
third-party partners
.
You may contact us to
request access, change, update or delete
your personal information at any time via email. You may also request to opt-out of allowing the sale of your personal information, as is a right for residents of California (as per CCPA) and Virginia (as per VCDPA). We reserve the right to request additional identifying information from you as needed for the purpose of verifying your identity and locating your data in our systems in order to comply with your request. A small fee may be imposed for access and disclosure of your personal information, where permitted under applicable law.
Third-party partners
ANALYTICAL INFORMATION
To improve your experience in using our games, we collect statistical user data to analyze them. For this purpose, we use in our games the Analytics technologies from third-party partners to collect anonymous information such as user number of sessions, location information, device information (such as: operating system version, screen resolution, device model and etc), and etc.
For more information about the privacy policies on these partners, can access the following links:
Firebase Analytics
Flurry
Unity Analytics
ADVERTISING
We show ads in our Games with the help of third-party advertising partners (“Ad Partners”). We and our Ad Partners use your information to improve advertising and targeting to measure the relevant third party ads to show in our games. Information collected by third parties are used to make sure that you only see ads from us that might be of interest to you.
Do Ad Partners Collect My Personal Information?
In order to show you ads that you might interesting and/or relevant (“Targeted Ads”), Ad Partners collect and use your Advertising ID, Location Information, and Device Information. If location services are enabled in your Device settings, the Ad Partners may additionally collect your geographic location information. Because these Ad Partners technologies control what kind of personal information is collected from your Device and how it is used, we encourage you to review their respective privacy policies.
No information is collected to allow third parties to identify you as a person.
You have the right to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising as explained below.
On your iPhone, iPad or Android, you can adjust your device settings to control whether you see online interest-based ads from our service and other third parties:
On your iPhone or iPad: Go to Settings-Tap; Privacy; Tap Advertising; and turn on Limit Ad Tracking
On your Android (versions 2.2 and up) and Google Play Services (versions 4.0 and up): Go to Google Settings; Tap Ads; Tap Opt out of interest-based ads; and tap OK.
For more information about the privacy policies on these partners, can access the following links:
Appodeal
MyTarget
Yandex
ERROR TRACKING
Collect of failures, errors and incidents with Device Information to analyze and solve any problem that causes an incorrect or unexpected behavior in our games.
For more information about the privacy policies on these partners, can access the following links:
Firebase Analytics
Unity Performance Reporting
GAME SERVICES
Only for users who want to, we offer the possibility to use gaming services for use Leaderboards and Achievements.
For more information about the privacy policies on these partners, can access the following links:
Google Play Game Services
APPLICATIONS STORES
Applications Stores is used to provide you the Games as well as to provide in-app purchase
For more information about the privacy policies on these partners, can access the following links:
Google Play
App Store
External links
Our games may have links to other sites. Once the user has left the Game through use of external links (i.e. Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Vkontakte or an in-app advertisement), we is not responsible for their content and for information, personal or anonymous, that may be collected, stored or shared by those sites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Children
According to our Terms of Use, you must be at least 16 years old (depending on the country where you reside) to use our games. Please do not play our games or use our Services if you are under the relevant age.
The our games are intended for general audiences and we does not knowingly collect any personal information from children, except as expressly described otherwise in our terms.
If any party becomes aware that a child under the relevant age has provided us with personal information in contravention of our policies, they should contact us.
Some third parties, such as platform providers like the Google Play or App Store may provide age-based ratings on some of the apps developed by Developers. These ratings shall have no bearing on this limitation. Third parties may also provide content categories on some of the Services. These categories shall have no bearing on this limitation.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice to the end user.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 17.11.2022.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact our Support Team at email:
bonbeart.apps@gmail.com