Cosplay studio
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Cosplay studio
Cosplay studio Privacy Policy
COSPLAY STUDIO
We are committed  about securing your personal data respecting  personal information and privacy. This Privacy Policy is written to explain concerning {the data|the knowledge|the data} we have a tendency to collect and the way we have a tendency to use that information. victimization our web site implies that you agree upon our on-line privacy policy. This Privacy Policy applies to you and your personal data overall the globe to the extent allowable underneath applicable law.
The Policy may be updated concerning however we have a tendency to collect, use, share or store your personal data. victimization the cosplay Studio services implies that you consent to any changes we have a tendency to create within the Policy.
COLLECTING info:
COSPLAY STUDIO utmost aim is to supply higher and improved services to its Users and that we area unit aggregation your info for the subsequent purpose. When you install any of the COSPLAY STUDIO games , we tend to might collect and record the data you give United States of America voluntarily through the sport or application and thru alternative social network(s) in accordance with the policies and terms of the social network(s).
The following area unit the categories of knowledge we tend to collect:
Personal info: Information concerning you that may be wont to contact or establish you. This info might embrace your name, your image, user number, login email you give to register at social networks. further info could also be non-inheritable through your purchase of any virtual product. all of your purchases is managed by the third party sites and that we don't have any access to your master card details and asking info.
Information through third parties:
We might receive info regarding you from alternative sources only, like from friends & family, or otherwise. we tend to might add this info to the knowledge we've already collected from you.
Securing your data & information:
We take steps to defend your personal and confidential information in a trial to avoid loss, misuse, unauthorized and illegal access, disclosure and destruction. we have a tendency to follow typically accepted standards to shield the private info submitted to COSPLAY STUDIO platform. However, no methodology of transmission over the internet, or methodology of electronic storage is 100 percent secure due to global connectivity of internet village and that we don't guarantee its absolute security.
Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we have a tendency to could collect sure data mechanically, including, however not restricted to, the kind of mobile device you utilize, your mobile device distinctive ID, the information processing address of your mobile device, your mobile OS, the kind of mobile web browser you utilize, distinctive device identifiers and different diagnostic information ("Usage Data").
Use of knowledge
COSPLAY STUDIO uses the collected knowledge for numerous purposes:
To operate and improve our applications.
To provide client care and support
To apprise you concerning changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive options of our Service once you value more highly to do thus
To provide analysis or valuable info so we will improve the Service
To communicate with you concerning our merchandise and services
To respond to any queries or considerations that you simply could have
To detect, stop and address technical problems
POLICY concerning youngsters and child:
The Service isn't double-geared toward youngsters beneath the age of eighteen and that we don't wittingly collect personal info from youngsters beneath the age of eighteen. If we have a tendency to learn that a child beneath eighteen has provided COSPLAY STUDIO with personal information, we'll eliminate such information from our files and platform as quickly as potential possible.
QUESTIONS AND END USER RESPONSE:
We welcome to entertain your effective and productive queries, comments, and considerations in order to improve our concerning privacy with positive affects. Please reach us out on below mention details as follow:
waqasshaukatshukatalicheema@gmail.com
Your response is highly appreciated and treated as a asset for COSPLAY STUDIO team.
WARM REGARDS,
COSPLAY STUDIO.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse