Apofiss Apps: PRIVACY POLICY FOR APPS
Apofiss Apps
PRIVACY POLICY FOR APPS
WE FULLY RESPECT YOUR PRIVACY
This Privacy Policy describes how information about you is collected, stored, used, and managed by Apofiss ("Apofiss", "us", "our" or "we"). This privacy policy applies to information that we collect when you use our mobile applications (collectively, the "Services").
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the bottom of the policy.
PERSONAL AND NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION
We and our Providers may collect personally and non-personally indentifiable information by which users can be and also cannot be directly or indirectly identified when using our Services.
USE OF INFORMATION
We may use information about you for various purposes, such as to:
- Provide advertisements, content, or features that match user profiles or activities
Non-personally and personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to Third Party Partners at any time for advertisement services
ONLY
to provide relevant and interest-based ads.
Also, some apps offered by us may read (app/game progress and/or weather installed on your device) other apps offered by us (only apps offered by Apofiss) for the sole purpose of unlocking extra content within apps offered by Apofiss. This method is very simple, safe and limited within and between apps offered by Apofiss.
HOW CAN I TURN OFF INTEREST-BASED ADS?
If our services provides interest-based ads you have an option to withdraw your consent to sharing your personal information for the purposes of interest-based advertising at all times - such option is provided within our apps.
THIRD PARTY PARTNERS
Our apps may contain APIs from third parties. Our third party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
Google Play Games: https://developers.google.com/games/services/terms
AdMob: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/#subid=latam-semexp3-r3
PAYMENT INFORMATION
All billing and financial information is processed by third-parties (e.g., Google). Apofiss does not process, store or share any billing information.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this App, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our App. Your continued use of the App following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
SECURITY
We take reasonable measures to protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, contact us at apofissmail@gmail.com
Last updated on March 19th 2022
Sūtīt pa e-pastu
Rakstīt emuāru
Kopīgot sociālajā tīklā Twitter
Kopīgot sociālajā tīklā Facebook
Kopīgot vietnē Pinterest
Sākumlapa
Abonēt:
Ziņas (Atom)
Sekotāji
Emuāra arhīvs
▼
2012
(1)
▼
marts
(1)
Coming soon...
Veidnes “SIA Lieliski” motīvs. Nodrošina
Blogger
.
Par mani
apofissapp
Apskatīt manu pilno profilu