Privacy Policy ¡Á Cat Studio
Cat Studio PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: Mar 25th, 2023
Thank you for playing our games!
This Privacy Policy describes the ways we collect personal data
about you and why we do so, How we use your personal data, and the choices you
have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to CatStudio's games, sites and
related services, which we here collectively call the Service. We may
periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on
cat-studio.net or nekostory.net if you can’t visit cat-studio.net. If we make
any material changes, we will notify you as required under applicable law,
including by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming
effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be
subject to the new Privacy Policy.
THE
DATA WE COLLECT
The categories of personal data we collect depend on the Services
you use, and the requirements of applicable law.
Data
you provide us directly.
<![if !supportLists]>
§
<![endif]>
Contact information (such as name and email address or phone
numbers)
<![if !supportLists]>
§
<![endif]>
Player name or tag and password
<![if !supportLists]>
§
<![endif]>
Profile information (such as profile photo)
<![if !supportLists]>
§
<![endif]>
Your messages and other content you submit when you use the
Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets)
<![if !supportLists]>
§
<![endif]>
Data you provide in connection with surveys, promotions,
sweepstakes, competitions and other events
<![if !supportLists]>
§
<![endif]>
Other data you choose to give us
Data we
collect automatically.
Data about
     your account and game progress, including in most cases an automatically
     created internal account ID
Your IP
     address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device or advertising
     ID)
Data about
     your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and
     language, internet service provider, and mobile carrier
Data we
     collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
Approximate
     location data (as derived from IP address)
Data about
     your use of the Service, such as gameplay data, purchases made and your
     interactions with other players inside the Service
You also have the option to create a CatStudio game ID using your
email address or other contact information.
Data we
collect from our partners.
We also use third-party partners, such as social networking sites,
data analytics providers and advertising networks to supplement information we
have about you, such as:
Data we
     receive if you link a third-party tool with the Service (such as Facebook,
     WeChat)
Demographic data
     (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight
     fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from
     platforms that the games run on or data from payment service providers
     (such as payment verification data)
Data for
     advertising and analytics purposes (such as surveys), so we can provide
     you a better Service
Data that you
     have made available to us from a third party service (such as Facebook,
     WeChat) via your privacy settings
WHY DO WE
COLLECT YOUR DATA
We use your data for a variety of business purposes, such as:
To make
the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create
     accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the
     Service
Verify and confirm
     payments
Provide and
     deliver products and services you request
Send you
     Service-related communications
To make
the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate
interest to collect and process necessary data to
Update and
     develop player profiles
Develop and
     improve the Service and player experience
Manage our
     relationship with you
Provide social
     features as part of the Service
Customize your
     Service experience
Respond to
     your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you
     CatStudio offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services
     (including by email)
Send you related
     information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to
     communicate with other players
To show
personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service and
elsewhere (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary
data to
Track the
     content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver,
     target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements,
see section 'Your Rights and Options' below.
To keep
the Service safe and fair.
Ensuring a level playing field in the Service is a top priority
for us. For more information on our acceptable use policy;
CatStudio Terms of Service
.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and
fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate
interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and
     monitor use of the Service and its social features
Moderate chats
     either automatically or manually
Take action
     against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To
analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile
and segment all collected data.
With
your consent.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional
purposes.
We may also collect and use your device identifiers to display and
personalize in-game ads as explained below. Where applicable, we may collect
your advertising identifier, IP address and device ID for these purposes. Under
applicable privacy laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR), we are required to ask your consent to do so.
This data is shared with your consent so that our ad partners can
deliver the right ad and optimize the ad content to make sure you don’t see the
same ad multiple times. We share your device identifiers with selected partners
for such ad delivery and personalization.
The partners operate the ad network and mediation platform, as
well as facilitate and participate in ad inventory bidding. The partners may
also use the device identifiers for fraud detection purposes based on their
legitimate interest. For more information, please check the partners’ privacy
policies.
Google Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
WHO CAN SEE
YOUR DATA
Apart from CatStudio, your data can be accessed by others in the
following situations:
Other
players and users.
Social features are a core component of our games. Other players and
users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the
messages you have posted.
Our
service providers.
CatStudio has vendors who help us to provide the Service. These
vendors process your data only at and according to CatStudio´s instructions to
provide the Service, and perform tasks such as hosting, player support,
advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other
companies and public authorities.
In order to verify payments (with payment providers such as
Paypal) and combat fraud and illegal activity, we may process and disclose data
with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in
response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply
with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or
others.
Advertising
and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social
media interaction tools, functionalities through application programming
interfaces (APIs) or software development kits (SDKs) and in-game advertising.
A list of these partners is available at
cat-studio.net/partner-opt-out.html
. These
partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We
encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data
processing practices.
These partners may access data regarding your activities and your
device (such as your IP address, mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location,
time of day). We may also combine and share data we have collected about you
with third-party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this
data (and similar data collected from other services) for purposes of
delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third-party services
within their networks. These partners may operate under their own privacy
policies. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising”
or “online behavioral advertising.” If you prefer not to share your personal
data with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions in
“Your Rights and Options” below.
INTERNATIONAL
DATA TRANSFERS
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be
transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have
different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure
adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this
Privacy Policy. Adequate safeguards that we may use include standard
contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and other lawful safeguards.
YOUR RIGHTS
AND OPTIONS
Opt out
of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications, such as
marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications,
or by changing your in-game settings. The updated settings may not be effective
immediately. Note that you may still continue to receive non-promotional
communications from us, such as communications regarding the Service or updates
to our
CatStudio
Terms of Service
or this Privacy Policy.
Push
Notifications
We may send you push notifications through our mobile
applications. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of
communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Opt-out
of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile
applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and
turning off “Allow Apps to Request to Track” or selecting "Limit Ad
Tracking" (Apple iOS) or "Opt-out of Interest Based Ads"
(Android). For more information, see also:
cat-studio.net/partner-opt-out.html
.
You can also opt out from personalized in-game offers through the
options provided in the game settings (where applicable).
Access
the personal data we hold about you.
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data
in an electronic format.
Your
other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data
deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share
your data. You can always withdraw your consent.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.
If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have
not been able to address satisfactorily, you can also contact your local data protection
authority to resolve any unresolved complaints.
.
If you wish to exercise any of your data subject rights described
above, please use the support options described in “Contact Us” above. We will
respond to all requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your
privacy, we may also take additional steps to verify your identity before
fulfilling your request, such as by requesting you provide us a purchase
receipt or other account information, asking you to link your email address
with your game account (for example through CatStudio ID), or asking you to
answer questions regarding your activities on our Services. Once you have
verified your identity, you may also designate an authorized agent to exercise
your rights on your behalf by providing the agent’s contact information to our
customer support staff, as required by applicable law.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment as a
result of your exercise of these rights.
COOKIES AND
SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and
similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyse use,
target advertisements and prevent fraud. Cookies and similar technologies allow
us and our partners to store their preferences and track your activities within
the Service. Note that our partners may operate under their own privacy
policies.
We and our partners collect and store information about users'
interactions with unaffiliated websites and applications that use our technologies,
including cookies and similar tracking technologies. This allows us to infer
the presence of a common user or household behind multiple devices or browsers,
for instance, and then link those browsers and devices into a device graph. We
do so in order to
detect and
     prevent fraud;
allow users to
     use the Service on one device and pick up seamlessly where they left off
     on another device;
analytics,
     personalization and attribution;
limit the
     number of times a user is shown the same advertisement, across all known
     or inferred devices; and/or
provide
     personalized advertising on each device that is inferred from the browsing
     patterns on all of the devices.
For more information (including how to opt out), please
visit
cat-studio.net/partner-opt-out.html
.
You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service
may then not function properly.
HOW DO WE
PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security
Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we
are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and
physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or
against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data
retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as
needed to provide you the Service. We may for example periodically de-identify
unused game accounts, and we may regularly review and de-identify unnecessary
data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data
as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our
legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Data
deletion.
If you wish to completely delete your game data, please follow
these steps
<![if !supportLists]>
1.
<![endif]>
Login game
<![if !supportLists]>
2.
<![endif]>
Click your avatar on the left top
<![if !supportLists]>
3.
<![endif]>
Go to the ‘Settings’ page
<![if !supportLists]>
4.
<![endif]>
Click on ‘Other Settings’
<![if !supportLists]>
5.
<![endif]>
Click on ‘Delete account’
<![if !supportLists]>
6.
<![endif]>
Click ‘Yes’ on the popup window
<![if !supportLists]>
7.
<![endif]>
Enter ‘DELETE’ and confirm.
We will delete all personal data and game data associated with
your account immediately after you enter ‘DELETE’.
If you are
<![if !supportLists]>
1.
<![endif]>
Unable to find it
<![if !supportLists]>
2.
<![endif]>
Do not know how to proceed
<![if !supportLists]>
3.
<![endif]>
Do not find the ‘Settings’ or ‘Delete account’ page*
You can also contact our email support@cat-studio.net, explain
your intentions, and we will assist you with the process.
* Some
early released games may not have such functionality but have been
discontinued. You need to contact us and provide your account, and we will
delete your personal data for you.
CHILDREN
Protecting children’s privacy online is very important to us.
Generally, our Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as
required by local law), and the Services do not knowingly collect personal data
from children, except as described in the following paragraph.
For games that are not directed at children but nonetheless may
appeal to them, we take additional steps to limit access to these Services
based on the player’s age. For these Services, when a player indicates they are
under 13 (or the applicable age in their territory), we will limit their access
to certain features, such as social media and chat features, as well as certain
types of notification alerts. We also limit the processing of personal data to
only what is necessary to support the internal operations of our Services.
Please note that for some of our Services we may use a higher age
limit (such as 16) than described in the above two paragraphs. We do this to
provide a safe game experience for our players and to protect Young Players.
If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review personal data
collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you
may contact us as described above. If we become aware that a child has provided
us with personal data contrary to the above, we will delete any personal data
we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate
the child’s account and/or revert them to the underage experience, as
applicable.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any
requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to
primarily contact us through the support features within each CatStudio game,
so we can reply to you more quickly. Alternatively, you may contact:
Name: CatStudio
Address: Jianwai SOHO No.16 ROOM2608, Beijing, China
Email: support@cat-studio.net