Privacy Policy | The Higher Lower Game
Because your privacy is important to us
The information provided by you to us during your use of the services, or otherwise when using the application will be held by us on our servers and computers and used by us to review, develop and improve the application and to enable us to provide you with relevant information as requested by you and also information concerning our marketing programmes.
We will not sell your personal information. However, we may disclose information or data which is provided by you when using the application to other companies or organisations, carefully selected by us, who may send information to you from time to time
Due to the nature of the Internet, the information and data provided by you may be transferred outside the country where it is submitted to us. If you are submitting such information or data from a country within the European Economic Area ("EEA") it is possible that it will be transferred outside the EEA.
We will not hold such information or data for any longer than is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy statement.
The application may include hyperlinks. Your use of such hyperlinks is subject to this policy statement. If you use the hyperlinks then you will be leaving the application. Your access and use of other websites/applications will not be governed by this policy statement and it is your responsibility to check the other websites/applications and the privacy policies that may govern those sites to ascertain how your information and data will be treated if you access and use them.
You have the right to request access to and/or the correction or deletion of any personal information about you held by us.
If you have any questions concerning this Data Protection and Privacy Policy please contact us at Code Computerlove Ltd, Jutland House, 15 Jutland Street, Manchester, M1 2BE.
By accepting this policy statement you consent to the use (including processing and storage), transfer and disclosure of your information and data referred to in this policy statement for the purposes set out in this policy statement.