Tap Anywhere |   Privacy Policy
Home
Games
Careers
Contact
Home
Games
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Effective date: August 1, 2019
Introduction
Tap Anywhere Sp. z o.o. mobile games provider (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. During installation of the Apps on your mobile device, entering into, connecting to, using and/or accessing any of the Apps, you confirm directly that you have read, understood and agree to the Privacy Policy regulation. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT MARK THE CHECKBOX ACCORDING TO WHICH YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU AGREE TO THE PRIVACY POLICY. IN SUCH CASE, DO NOT USE ANY OF THE APPS AND PROMPTLY ERASE ALL TAP ANYWHERE APPS FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. If you are located outside Poland and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Poland and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
We ensure you that while collecting the information, we respect all your data protection rights, especially indicated in actual rules of law such as GDPR (European Union Regulation on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC – General Data Protection Regulation [OJ L 119, 4.5.2016, p. 1–88]).
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
We do not collect your personal data such as name, surname, address, age, etc. However, while you use our Service or contact us, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”) – e.g. e-mail address. Such Personal Data will be used only for the purpose you know and accept.
Usage Data
We collect the following categories of your personal information and may sell it to third parties: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from these categories.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data (“Usage Data”). Usage Data may include, but is not limited to:
IP address;
mobile device unique ID (such as anroidID);
IDFA (for iOS) or ADID (for Android);
user_pseudo_ID;
country/city of User;
Usage Data make as possible to provide and maintain our Service. We analyze Usage Data only as statistic data in order to improve our Apss and Service. For this purpose, we may transfer your User Data to a third party who provide us all the statistics we need (for more details look at “Transfer of Data”).
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service;
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings;
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Purposes
Tap Anywhere uses the collected data for the following purposes:
to provide and maintain the Service, e. g. to recognize you when you return to our apps, to keep your game progress;
to notify you about changes to our Service;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;
to provide customer care and support;
to provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service;
to monitor and optimize the usage of the Service;
to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
to record your preferences in relation to advertising and marketing communications;
to make possible and continuate running Tap Anywhere’s business, e.g. for accountancy reasons;
to comply with a legal obligation;
to protect and defend the rights or property of Tap Anywhere;
to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service;
to protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public;
to protect against legal liability.
Legal basis for collecting data
The legal basis for collecting personal/usage/cookies data by Tap Anywhere are as follows:
user’s consent to collect data – permission user provide while accepting this Privacy Policy (art. 6-1-a. GDPR). User is not obligated to agree for collecting his personal data. However, without permission to do so, any usage of Tap Anywhere’s Apps is not possible (for more details look at “Privacy Policy” introduction;
performing Tap Anywhere’s obligations under any contract with user, for example, to comply with the Terms of Service (art. 6-1-b. GDPR);
Tap Anywhere’s legitimate interests such as: operate, maintain and improve Apps, run, grow and develop business (art. 6-1-f GDPR). According to art. 6-1-f GDPR Tap Anywhere will ensure that his legitimate interests is not outweighed by User’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of the personal information.
The period for which the personal data will be stored
We keep your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Data is processed. The length of time for which we retain personal information depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred, according to art. 28 GDPR, to third parties (“Processor”). In such case we obligate each Processor to respect all user’s rights and protect your data. Transfer od Data is admissible only to realize purposes for which your Data is collection. Tap Anywhere will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Analyzing
To monitor and analyze the use of our Service, we may transfer your Usage Data to third parties’ analytics services for example provided by Google Inc. (“Google Inc.”, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) such as:
Google Firebase – mobile development platform provided by Google Inc. We use it for analytics and data storage. For more details look at:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
;
Google BigQuery – cloud data warehouse provided by Google Inc. We use this to process aggregated data. For more details look at:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
(tutaj mamy dostęp do wszystkich danych, nie tylko agregatów);
Unity Analytics – analytics service provided by Unity Technologies. (“Unity Technologies”, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States). We use it as an analytics tool. For more details look at:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
;
Game Analytics – analytics service provided by Games Analytics (“GameAnalytics ApS”, Vesterbrogade 34, 4th floor, DK-1620 Copenhagen V, Denmark). For more details look at:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
.
Advertising
Tap anywhere may also transfer your Data to third-party advertising and technology companies to serve advertising and/or provide aggregated data to assist in serving advertising when you use our Apps. To achieve this, we may transfer your Usage Data e.g. IP address, country/city of User, IDFV, IDFA (for iOS) or ADID (for Android) to a third party such as Appodeal (“Appodeal Inc.”, 575 Market St, 7th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94109, USA) – ad mediation platform. We cooperate with Appodeal to provide all forms of advertisement inside our products. For more details look at:
https://www.appodeal.com/home/privacy-policy/
.
Third party technology companies help us collecting data about you in order to build a profile of your preferences based on your activities when you visit or use our apps. We also use these companies to automatically collect data from you when you use our apps in order to help us identify the advertising that are served to you and what you do after seeing those advertising.
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. The main risk of our processing of your personal information is if it is lost, stolen or misused. This could lead to your personal information being in the hands of someone else who may use it fraudulently or make public, information that you would prefer to keep private. However, we take all reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including through use of appropriate organizational and technical measures. We use industry-standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of any personal information that we might collect from you. We limit the access to User’s data to employees performing a legitimate business function which requires them to access and use your data in order to supply you with our apps. We also review our security procedures periodically to consider appropriate new technology and updated methods to ensure we continue to protect your data.
User’s rights
According to GDPR regulation every person whose Data are processing by Tap Anywhere has:
right of access to Data – You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you. You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”);
right to update your Data;
right to delete or restrict use of your Data – You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances. Please be aware that in such situation you will not have a possibility to use any Apps and Services provided by Tap Anywhere;
right to revoke your agree for Data processing – If you revoke your agree Tap Anywhere will stop processing your Data which are collecting based exclusively on your consent. Cancellation of your agree do not deprive the legal base of hitherto Data collecting;
right to Data portability – You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services in certain specific circumstances;
right to object – You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on Tap Anywhere’s page. We will also let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You will also be expected to confirm directly that you have read, understood and agree to the new Privacy Policy regulation. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT MARK THE CHECKBOX ACCORDING TO WHICH YOU CONFIRM THAT YOU AGREE TO THE NEW PRIVACY POLICY. IN SUCH CASE, PLEASE STOP USING THE APPS AND PROMPTLY ERASE ALL TAP ANYWHERE APPS FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact
Tap Anywhere Sp. z o.o.
Kapelanka 12/502, 30-347 Kraków
contact@tapanywhere.com
© 2019 Tap Anywhere. All rights reserved.