BIGZUR.com - Games Development
Main
|
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy describes the information collected by our Bigzur Games studio through our mobile applications and the use of the information.
We do not collect any personal information with our Apps.
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any information about you or your device, except for nonpersonal information about the duration the App is used and how the App is used, such as the screens viewed and actions taken within our mobile applications.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others.
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet and in applications. These entities may use cookies, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Bigzur Games and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. Your device may also include a feature ("Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS or "Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt Out of Ads Personalization" on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for interest-based advertising purposes.
We do not collect any personal information from children with our Apps.
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any information about you or your device, except for nonpersonal information about the duration the App is used and how the App is used, such as the screens viewed and actions taken within our mobile applications.
We do not give out any non personal information to anybody outside our company.
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Our mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Support Information
.
When you request support, you may send us an email or contact us by email bigzurgames@gmail.com.
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
.
We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. We don’t rent or sell your email address.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at contact bigzurgames@gmail.com.
Last updated December 19, 2022
Bigzur Games 2011-2022
Paramonov Artem Vyacheslavovich, IP
22-2 ul. Pravdy, 420075, Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia