Inkos Games - Holein. Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Inkos Games
Home
Contact us
Inkos Games
Home
Contact us
More
Home
Contact us
Holein.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
"Inkos" io Games built the HOLEIN app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by "Inkos" io Games at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at HOLEIN unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Google ads ID, Device identificator, ID For Advertising (“IDFA”).
"
Advertising ID
" and “
IDFA
” resettable and unique identifier associated with your mobile phone or tablet that is used by advertisers for ad tracking.
"
Device Information
", which means technical information about your Device. When we refer to Device Information, this means your Device ID, your internet service provider (ISP), your browser and browser plug-in types, operating system and operating system version, jailbreak information, network information, the brand and manufacturer of your Device, the language you've set for your Device, the version of the Game installed on your Device, and the name of your carrier.
Personal information
Your Age
When you install our Games, you may be asked to provide your age. We use this information to enable or disable certain Game features and certain types of ads shown to you depending on your age and where you are from.
Advertising IDs and Device Information
We using it for analytics and advertising. For more information, please see next sections.
To help us keep our Games running, we show ads in our Games with the help of third-party advertising partners ("
Ad Partners
"). We integrate Ad Partners' technologies into our Games which are then used by the Ad Partners to determine what kind of ads to display to you.
Ad Partners
In order to show you ads that you might interesting and/or relevant ("Targeted Ads"), Ad Partners collect and use your Advertising ID, Location Information, and Device Information. If location services are enabled in your Device settings, the Ad Partners may additionally collect your geolocation information. Because these Ad Partners' technologies control what kind of personal information is collected from your Device and how it is used, we encourage you to review their respective privacy policies. A list of our Ad Partners
:
Chartboost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/115001489623
privacy@chartboost.com
ironSource
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy
legal@ironsrc.com
AdColony
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy
privacy@adcolony.com
AdMob
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/7575787?hl=en&visit_id=1-636620978511736949-59979...
UnityAds
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
privacy@unity3d.com
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Opt-Out Instructions:
https://www.applovin.com/optout
dataprotection@applovin.com
Facebook Audience Network
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Google Analytics
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/7575787?visit_id=1-636621838481778181-2913199796&...
Link to privacy policy of other third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
for Android
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
We use only certificated SDK for advertising. Full list of Ad technology providers:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
If you do not want to receive Targeted Ads on your mobile Device, your mobile Device may give you the option to opt-out of receiving Targeted Ads on all apps on your Device. On Android Devices, you may opt-out by enabling the "Opt out of Ads Personalization" setting. On iOS Devices, you may opt-out by enabling the "Limit Ad Tracking" setting. In addition, you may be able to opt-out of receiving Targeted Ads from a specific Ad Partner. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving Targeted Ads, you will still receive contextual ads, which are non-targeted ads related to the content of the Game you are playing.
Children's personal information.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from, or knowingly allow users under 13 years old.
We do not knowingly collect children's personal information without parental consent, except as permitted under applicable laws such as the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Push notifications.
After downloading a Game, you will be asked to accept or refuse push notifications. If you accept push notifications, we will collect and use push notification tokens to send you Game-specific notifications on your mobile Device. You may disable push notifications at any time by going to your Device settings.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2022-03-22
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at gamesinkos@gmail.com.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse