Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
United Racing and Simulation Games
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
May 02, 2018
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which
United Racing and Simulation Games
collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the Services offered by
United Racing and Simulation Games
. This privacy policy applies to all mobile games, offered by:
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features, or resources we make available on our Services. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain activities.
Our Policy Regarding Children
United Racing & Simulation Games
does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone, including minors under 13 years old. In fact,
United Racing & Simulation Games
does not knowingly allow minors under the age of 13 years old use our service.
If you are under 13, please do not use our service and do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us. By using our Games, Websites and related Services, you represent that you are at age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed our Games, Websites and related Services and agreed to use these.
All of our games are made for people who are at least 13 years of age.
Please note: You can find published age recommendations on: Apple’s App Store on iTunes, Google Play and more . However, these age or maturity classifications refer only to the content in our games (similar to movie ratings G, PG or PG-13 in the U.S., but related to gameplay, animations, etc.). For more on how these categories are defined, visit these support websites for
Apple
and
Google
For more information on how to protect children online, please visit
this link
.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Services. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about Users means of connection to our Services, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilise and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Services may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of our Services may not function properly.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Services that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Services. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Services, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our services may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognise your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Collection Of Other ‘Non-Personal’ Information
Though United Racing & Simulation Games itself does not use cookies in order to track your movement around the web, our websites and apps may contain APIs from third parties as we have stated.
Our third party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
AdColony:
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AdMob:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
GameAnalytics:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
Google Firebase:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
ironSource:
https://www.ironsrc.com/privacy-policy/
inMobi:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Unity Ads:
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at www.unitedracingsim.com/privacy. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using our Services, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Services. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Services, or your dealings with our Services, please contact us at:
habibigames16.sau@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Game Object
Visit profile
Archive
May 2018
1
Report Abuse