Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Virtual Mother Life Simulator - Baby Care Games 3D
Privacy Policy -
Virtual Mother Life Simulator - Baby Care Games 3D
Information We Collect
Non-personal Information
Virtual Mother Life Simulator - Baby Care Games 3D
do not collect any personal information of our users which may identify them as an individual. In some cases we also use third party tools which also may store non-personal information to function.
Analytics
Virtual Mother Life Simulator - Baby Care Games 3D
uses Google Analytics to help analyse users behavior in the game. We mainly look out for how long users have spent in the game and how many levels were played. This information is then used to evaluate use of our game and to improve the usability. All information collected via Google Services is anonymous non-personal data.
Google privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Apple privacy policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
Advertisements
Free Games & Apps
We display advertisements in our free apps and games to fund the development process for current and future services. The advertisements are provided by third party companies.
Our apps may contain advertising from any of these networks:
Google (AdMob) privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
AdColony privacy policy:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Unity (Unity Ads) privacy policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Facebook (Facebook Ads) privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
AppLovin privacy policy:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Paid Games & Apps
Our paid apps and games do not contain third party advertisements and thus no data is collected by third parties.
In-house Advertisements
In some apps and games we display internal advertisements in which we advertise other google play games which we feel players will be interested in; in order to provide the best scope of advertisements we use data listing which of your games you already have installed on your device. No user specific or app specific information is stored or recorded.
Advertisement Caching
We cache images used for internal advertisements by storing them in the application root directory allowing us to re-display advertisements without needing to download them again keeping data usage to a minimum.
Children’s Privacy
Our applications are intended for a general audience of all ages; however prior to app download our apps have an age rating assigned.
In some cases our apps may be enlisted into the Google Play family program which means the app does not collect any personal information and has been certified by Google as safe for children.
The majority of our apps do not collect personal information.
General Privacy
Some of our apps include paid items which can be purchased for additional content. These apps are labeled as containing in-app purchases on the storefront prior to purchase.
Paid items are clearly labeled as a paid item displaying price in your local currency prior to accepting and making the purchase.
Parents can also apply parental filters which require approval before these items can be purchased or simply block in-app purchasing completely.
Support
Please contact
theplayinc786@gmail.com
regarding any issue you may be having.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse