Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Tìm kiếm trang web này
Privacy Policy
Sơ đồ trang web
Privacy Policy
This Policy outlines the types of personally identifiable information and other data that we will collect from you through the applications we provide. Your installation and/or use of these apps and/or submission of information to us constitute your consent to this Privacy Policy and the processing of your information (personal and non-personal) as described in this Policy.
Information and permissions we may collect through your use of the Apps:
1.  “Non-Personal Information,” We just need “android.permission.". Permission android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE, which is used by many third-party libraries, is to identify the phone. It is useful in ad-service and statistics service. We don’t use it directly.
Non-Personal Information That We Collect and How We Collect It
* We will not collect any Personal Information from you simply by virtue of your visiting our Website; We use the non-personal information only by third-party libs, just like ad-service and statistic service.
Use of the Personal Information That We Collect
We will use your Personal Information to:
* send you newsletters, promotions or marketing materials. We will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving such materials in the future. You may also opt out of receiving such materials at any time in accordance with the instructions provided in this Privacy Policy;
* contact you in relation to contest registration and prize acceptance;
* contact you in the scope of talent recruitment.
* provide you with any goods, services, or functionality you have requested;
* respond to any inquiries you have made through our customer service features;
* contact you to promote our Websites/Apps, contests and any specials we may offer;
Use of the Non-Personal Information That We Collect
Non-Personal Information may be used by us for administrative, analytical, research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use your Non-Personal Information to:
* provide you advertising that better suits your interests, and profile and is age/gender-appropriate and targeted to your general location;
* determine the jurisdiction in which you are located so we can determine what set of laws apply to you;
* send you push notifications (if you choose to allow that function).
* track your use of our Websites/Apps to help us learn more about your gaming activities and understand your preferences and tendencies so that we can personalize your experience, provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailored to you, and otherwise enhance your gaming experience;
* personalize your content and offers;
* compile statistics;
* respond to customer service inquiries;
* protect against cheating, crime or fraud, or for other security reasons;
Advertising
By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests. Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be able to choose to prevent your device's ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising or reset your device's ad identifier by changing the settings of your device.
Your Rights
We ask that you keep the Personal Information that you provide to us current and that you correct any information you have provided us by contacting us at onesoft.publisher@gmail.com
. You represent and warrant that all Personal Information you provide us is true and correct and relates to you and not to any other person.
If you wish to opt out of further communications from us, or if you wish to review, delete and/or revise the Personal Information we have stored about you, please contact us with your specific request at onesoft.publisher@gmail.com; provided, however, that we reserve the right to retain an archive of such Personal Information for a commercially reasonable time to ensure that its deletion does not affect the integrity of our data; and we further reserve the right to retain an anonymous version of such information.
If you have previously consented to our sharing of your Personal Information to third parties for any purpose, including direct marketing purposes, you may opt out at any time by contacting us at onesoft.publisher@gmail.com and including “Opt Out of Disclosure” in the subject line.
If you wish to opt out of push notifications, select the Settings tab for the applicable Website/App, and follow the necessary prompts to opt out of further push notifications.
You can decline to permit cookies or other tracking technologies, but in that case we cannot promise you that all Website/App features will function properly as a result.
If you use the Websites/Apps, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and for restricting access to your computer or device, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account.
Legal Disclaimer
If you have any general questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at onesoft.publisher@gmail.com.
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By
Google Sites