Privacy Policy
跳到主要內容
搜尋此網誌
Fun Actions For Free
Privacy Policy
取得連結
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
以電子郵件傳送
其他應用程式
12月 29, 2020
Welcome to the world of gaming provided by "Fun Actions For Free". This Privacy Policy describes among other things, the types of information collected about you when you visit the "Fun Actions For Free"; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information; and how your information is protected. Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at "Fun Actions For Free". We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information, including contact information, collected about you by the "Fun Actions For Free". Please review this Privacy Policy carefully.
Information Collected and How We Use It
Information you provide directly to "Fun Actions For Free". You are not required to provide information about yourself when you download an app from "Fun Actions For Free". Our games may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services, access various content or features, or directly contact the Services including:
Contact information such as name, email address, age.
Our primary goals in collecting and using information are to provide and improve the Service, to administer and assist you in administering your Account on the Service, and to provide you with a better experience with the Service.
In limited circumstances, payment and identity verification information, such as credit card number where needed for payment, to complete a particular transaction, or to access a particular service (e.g., in-app purchases)
Information we collect automatically on "Fun Actions For Free" including:
Your device type and settings, software used and browser type and operating system
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area
Web pages and advertisements, you view and links you click on within Fun Actions.
Unique identifiers and connection information, including mobile device identification numbers (e.g. Apple’s Identifier for Advertising IP (IDFA) or Google’s Android Advertising ID (AAID)) and internet connection means (e.g. mobile operator, ISP, Wi-Fi connection) that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies such as Standard server log information.
Third Party Advertisements
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on the service. We do not provide any personal information to third-party advertising companies on a non-aggregate basis. Our system and the third-party advertising technology may use aggregate information, non-personal information, "Fun Actions For Free" cookies on your hard drive, and your use of the Service to target advertisements. In addition, advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on other sites. If advertisements are served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your device. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or “beacons”) to help manage and optimize online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser cookie when a browser visits the site on which is beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
Your Rights
We take reasonable steps to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we do not guarantee its absolute security.
Protection of Information
We are committed to protecting your information. We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Privacy Protections for Children
Our game services are not intended for children. Our games are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. We may ask for your age to ensure that we are not collecting information from children under 13.
取得連結
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
以電子郵件傳送
其他應用程式
留言
張貼留言
這個網誌中的熱門文章
PRIVACY POLICY
12月 28, 2020
Our game as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions. Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way. The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify
閱讀完整內容
技術提供：Blogger
主題圖片來源：
Michael Elkan
Fun Actions For Free
瀏覽簡介
封存
12月 2020
2
檢舉濫用情形