Our Privacy Policy at The Game Feast
Home
Our Games
Contact Us
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
You are here:
Home
/
Privacy Policy
The Game Feast Privacy Policy:
This policy describes how The Game Feast, its third party marketing and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you. We believe that you have the right to know our practices regarding information we collect and under what circumstances we use it when you play our Games. When posting changes to this privacy statement, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this page.
Types of Information We Collect:
There are two types of information we collect through your use of our Games.
Personal Information:
This type of information can reveal the identification of an individual user which can be sensitive in nature. After installing a game/app or via web your IP address and Advertisement ID is automatically and only collected which is used to enhance user experience. No other personal information is collected automatically. Please note your credit card information is not stored or processed by us, if you are using our apps and purchasing virtual items only Google or Apple process your credit card information and all other information related to your credit card.
Your personal information is gathered only with your CONSENT and APPROVAL. Information is obtained only when you ACCEPT the terms and privacy policy consent dialogue within the game.
Non Personal Information:
Non-Personal Information is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally. Non-Personal Information includes IP address, IMEI & Advertisements IDs & Usage Data, which is anonymous data tied to your computer and/or device, such as the actions you take within and outside of the Websites/Apps, the browser you use, the date and time of your use of the Websites/Apps, your game progress, play time, score and achievements.
Collected Information and Its Use
We use information about you for various purposes, including but not limited to:
Operate, improve, and develop our games and services
Serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising
Measure the health of our services
Provide game experiences customized to your preferences
Facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices, when available
Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors
Save game progress and stats
Provide you with any goods, services, or functionality you have requested
Respond to any inquiries you have made through our customer service features
Send you push notifications (if you choose to allow that function).
Disclosure of the Personal Information and Non-Personal Information That We Collect :
We may transfer your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to our other entities, but such information shall continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy.
We will not sell, rent or transfer your Personal Information to third parties without your prior consent.
We may share non-precise geolocation information or precise geolocation information (if you choose to allow us to collect it) with advertisers to allow them to serve more relevant and geographically-appropriate advertisements to you.
We may share your Usage Data and Non-Personal Information, such as device IDs, advertising IDs or other persistent identifiers and non-precise geolocation information, with our advertising partners. Those partners may use your Non-Personal Information to serve you tailored advertisements outside of our Websites/Apps; please note that this sharing is limited to anonymous, aggregated Non-Personal Information only and we will not share your Personal Information with advertisers without your prior consent.
We use the services of third parties who will have limited access to your Personal Information to be used for specific purposes. These purposes may include credit card processing, prize delivery, marketing assistance, customer service, and data analysis. The third parties we contract with for these purposes will be authorised to use your Personal Information only for the purposes for which the party was engaged. In addition, Non-Personal Information and Usage Data in aggregated, anonymous form may be shared with third parties who assist us with our operations such as administration, analytics, research, optimisation, and advertising.
The Game Feast may disclose your personal data to third parties as required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or The Game Feast to legal liability.
Push Notifications:
With your consent, we send push notifications (or “alerts”) to your mobile device to provide game activity information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate push notifications by changing your notification settings via your device.
Transfer of Information Overseas:
You agree that we may transfer and store your information on servers and equipment located in any territory, including, without limitation, Australia and the United States of America etc.
Security: The Game Feast takes appropriate security and technical measures to protect your information from unauthorised access, loss and misuse. In addition, we request that our suppliers who process personal information on our behalf take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information and maintain an appropriate level of security. However, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information online and offline, as the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving. As such you should always take care when sharing your information online.
Below are provider names of some of the third party analytics and advertising services we use. To learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers please see the links below:
Admob:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Google Analytics:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Firebase:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Game Analytics:
http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
IronSource:
http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
ConsoliAds:
https://www.consoliads.com/privacy-policy/
Vungle:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
AdColony:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Children’s Privacy: (COPPA Complaint):
Most of our services are not directed to children under 13 and we don’t direct them to anyone under 13. We abide by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). If a user gets identified as a child under this prescribed age within the Services, We will not collect, store or use any information of such user. The Game Feast also does not allow third party partners to access personally identifiable data from users under 13. If The Game Feast received personal information and discovered that was provided by a child under the age of 13, We will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
GDPR & CCPA Compliance:
While playing our games you will be asked to give us consent for showing you personalized advertisements and enhance your experience using your IP address and other identifiers. If you do not give us consent, your information will not be processed which eventually may lead to poor user experience.
Deletion of Information:
In case we don’t need information it will be deleted by us and it will be ensured by us that non required information will be deleted by our 3
rd
party partners as well.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
The Game Feast holds the authority of changing its privacy policy anytime without notifying you. Please be notified that this Privacy Policy is a subject to change regarding updating at some point in the future. We advise you to revise it from time to time so you would always be up to date with our practice. This page was last updated in December 2020.
How to Contact Us? You can contact us to make the request for the deletion of your information. All concerns or questions that you might have regarding to this Privacy Policy you can express by contacting us at gamefeastpaistan@gmail.com
BROWSE GAMES
BROWSE US
Home
Our Games
Contact Us
Discover our award-winning strategy, simulation, and action games and test yourself against millions of other players worldwide.
The Game Feast community is waiting for you.
© 2022 The Game Feast. All Rights Reserved. |
Privacy Policy
Home
Our Games
Contact Us