Policy – KEEGO
Home
Products
Recruitment
Blog
Contact Us
Free Quote
Home
Products
Recruitment
Blog
Contact Us
Get a quote now
Home
Products
Recruitment
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Keego (“
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
”) recognises the importance of maintaining your privacy. We value your privacy and appreciate your trust in us. This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) describes how we treat user information we collect through https://keego.dev/  (collectively the “Platforms”). This Policy governs the information collection and process practices for the Platforms. By downloading, using and/or accessing our services through the Platforms, you expressly consent to the information practices described in this Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY TERM IN THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
To give you an overview, this Privacy Policy is structured as follows:
1. What Information We Collect
2. Which Permissions We Might Ask You to Authorize
3. How We Collect Your Information
4. How We Use Your Personal Information
5. Use of Google Analytics
6. Retention of Collected Information
7. How We Share Your Information
8. How We Protect Your Information
9. Your Rights
10. Minor’s/Children’s Privacy
11. Modification of This Policy
12. How to Contact Us
1. What Information We Collect Contact information
Information about your use of the Platforms.
We may collect information about your operation on the Platforms, mainly including information click, browse, download, share, and search record, or any other information provided during your use of our services, so that we could provide you with the functions of the Platforms.
Device and log information.
When you use our services through the Platforms, in order to make sure you use our services normally and the functions operate smoothly and safely, to improve and to optimize your use experience, and to protect your account security, we will collect your device and log information as follows: device model, the language set up on the phone, countries on mobile phones, Ad ID, operating system and system version number, login IP address, software version number, method, type and status of access to the network, network quality data, operation log, service log information.
Feedback information.
When you contact us for feedback or customer service, we will collect the information and material that you submitted, such as your phone number, email address, so that we could contact you and answer your questions or provide other customer services to you.
2. Which permissions we might ask you to authorize
In order to provide you with more high-quality, efficient products and services and to improve your service experience, we may ask you to authorize the corresponding terminal device permissions in the following additional services we provide to you. We collect the following permissions and corresponding information following the criterion of minimal data collection with your consent:
When you use the video editing or collage feature, we need permission to access your local media to select videos or images. When you save the finished video or photo, we need the storage permission of the local media, in order to save the video or photo and change the save path; This permission is only for editing and saving videos. We will not obtain any video or photos from your device, nor will we modify or delete the content in your local media storage.
You can check the status of the above permissions in the system settings of your terminal device, and you can turn on or off any or all above permissions at your own discretion at any time. Please note that when you open any permission, you authorize us to collect and use the personal information corresponding to the permission to provide you with the above corresponding services. Once you turn off any permission, you cancel or revoke the authorization of the permission, and we will no longer continue to collect and use the corresponding personal information based on this permission, nor will we be able to provide you with the services corresponding to this permission. However, your decision to turn off the permissions will not affect the previous collection and use of information based on your previous authorization.
3. How We Collect Your Information
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information directly from you.
We collect information directly from you when you register an account, post content, or use the customer services on the Platforms.
We collect information from you passively.
We use tracking tools like Google Analytic for collecting information about your usage of our Platforms.
We get information about you from third parties.
when you log in with an account of a third-party media website, the third-party media website will give us certain information about you. This could include your name and email address.
4. How We Use Your personal Information
We may use the information you have provided pursuant to this Policy to provide our products and services, for advertising, or to communicate with you. Specifically, we may use your information for the following purposes.
Customer service and after-sales service: When you send feedback via email or provide us with an error report, we will obtain your username, email address and email content, so that we can communicate with you about problems encountered during the use of our products and services.
5. Use of Google Analytics
When you use our services, certain information may be stored locally on your mobile device using Google Analytics.
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refer to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partner
s
to find out more about how Google uses data when you use our website and how to control the information sent to Google.
6. Retention of Your Information
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide our services or fulfill the original or directly related purpose for which such information was collected, or for other business purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We are required by law to keep some types of information for certain periods of time (e.g. statute of limitations). If your personal information is no longer necessary for the legal or business purposes for which it is processed, we will generally destroy or anonymize that information.
7. How We Share Your Information
We never sell any personal information to third parties, although it may be shared only when necessary to perform a legitimate business function.
We may share your necessary personal information data to third-party service providers to help us deliver and improve products, services, marketing, push/deliver notification bar message, and to help you to share content to third-parties media websites, log in through a third-party account, and other legitimate business functions. We will confirm on what basis each third-party will use your personal information and we will ensure that there are adequate safeguards and processes in place to protect your personal data.
We will disclose or transfer your Information, only if required to do so by law, or we have acquired consent from you, or in the good faith belief that any such action is necessary to: (a) comply with any legal requirements or comply with the legal process served on us or the Platforms; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of us; and (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our users, or the general public.
We will not share, transfer or disclose your personal information in way of violating this Policy or applicable laws. In the event of a transfer of information that may result from a possible merger, division, acquisition, asset sale, or bankruptcy liquidation by us, we will require the successor to protect your personal information in accordance with laws, regulations and standards not lower than those set forth in this Policy.
8. How We Protect Your Information
We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure or other similar risks, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from your use of our services on the Platforms. We will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information.
We review our strategies and update as necessary to meet our business needs, changes in technology, and regulatory requirements. These measures include, but are not limited to, technical and organizational security policies and procedures, security controls and employee training.
If we become aware of any breach that affects the security of your personal information, we will provide you with notice as required by applicable laws. By using the Platforms, you agree to accept notice electronically.
9.Your Rights
If you would like further information in relation to your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section below at any time. Your local laws may permit you to request that we:
We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable laws. Please note, however, that certain information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your information for our legitimate interests or to comply with a legal obligation. We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request.
10.Minor’s/Children’s Privacy
We consider it the responsibility of parents to monitor their children’s use of our products and services. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children.
It is our policy not to require personal information from minors or offer to send any promotional materials to persons in that category. We do not seek or intend to seek to receive any personal information from minors. Should a parent or guardian have reasons to believe that a minor has provided us with personal information without their prior consent, please contact us to ensure that the personal information is removed and the minor unsubscribes from any of our applicable services.
11.Modification of This Policy
The effective date of this Policy is set forth at the top of this webpage. We reserve the right to amend this Policy at any time with or without notice and will place any updates on this webpage. The amended Policy supersedes all previous versions. Your continued use of products and services on the Platforms will be taken as acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy.
12.How to Contact Us
If you have any question/complaint/suggestion/request regarding this Policy, you may use our customer service and give your feedback by clicking “setting”- “customer service” in the App, or you may also contact us directly at
contact@keego.dev
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: [
http://www.
networkadvertising.org/
managing/opt_out.asp
]
Have more questions for us?
CONTACT NOW
We work with a passion for embracing challenges and constantly creating new ones in the mobile app sector
About us
Newsletter
Subscribe our newsletter to get our latest update & news.
Official info:
Tòa nhà New Skyline, Văn Quán, 
Hà Đông, Hà Nội
Updating..
Open Hours:
Mon – Sat: 8 am – 5 pm,
Sunday: CLOSED
Gallery
©
2024
Keego Mobile – All rights reserved.
Archives
July 2021
June 2021
May 2021
Categories
Business
Consulting
Financial
UI/UX Design
User Research