成都龙渊网络科技有限公司-只做精品手游
Privacy Policy
中文
|
English
|
日本語
|
한글
Chengdu Longyuan NetworkLongyuan Network Technology
                        Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Longyuan Network" or “we”) hereby makes the commitment to
                        protect the privacy of personal information provided by our users(hereinafter may referred to as
                        “you”) when using any products or services (including but not limited to Longyuan's website,
                        software, network services and game services that we are providing and may provide to you in the
                        future, hereinafter collectively referred to as "services") software of Longyuan
                        NetworkLongyuan. Longyuan NetworkLongyuan hereby declares all details related to privacy
                        protection to indicate his efforts in guaranteeing his users’ right of privacy.
Data Collected by Longyuan
Longyuan will, during our users’ use of our services, collect information as voluntarily provided
                        by users or generated during users’ use of the services thereof by such methods as follows:
1) When users register or use any software under Longyuan, Longyuan will collect such data as
                        filled in and transmitted by users who agree to Longyuan's use of such information as including
                        the user name, address, email and other related items.
2) To ensure the normal use of Longyuan's software, maintain the normal operation of software
                        functions, optimize the performance of software products, and improve users' experience,
                        Longyuan Network will collect such information as including users' game characters, grades,
                        equipment and other related information.
3) In order to ensure the security of your account and create a fair, healthy and safe use
                        environment, Longyuan will collect users’ game identification information, hardware and
                        operating system information, application list, process and game crash records, so as to combat
                        the behavior that destroys the fair environment of the game or interferes with and destroys the
                        normal operation of game services (for example, it is used to detect piracy, scan plug-ins,
                        prevent cheating, etc.).
4) When the users use the charge function of software under Longyuan, Longyuan will collect such
                        information as user charge records and consumption records. Collection of the above information
                        is necessary to the realization of consumption function of Longyuan's software, or otherwise the
                        transaction will not be completed.
5) When the users use the services provided by Longyuan, Longyuan may collect and save the texts,
                        pictures, voices and other possible information generated and released during users’ use of
                        services, and Longyuan may use such information to filter pornographic, violent, political,
                        abusive, malicious advertising and other inappropriate content, so as to purify the game
                        environment and maintain a healthy online environment.
6) Relevant information and consultation records provided by users when contacting Longyuan.
7) To realize the voice, video and other interactive functions in the software, Longyuan will
                        access the users' photos, storage, microphone and camera after obtaining the users’
                        authorization.
8) After obtaining users’ authorization, Longyuan will collect your geographic location
                        information to find other nearby users so that you can interact with nearby users. Geographic
                        location information is sensitive information. Refusing to provide this information will only
                        make you unable to interact with nearby users, but it will not affect your normal use of other
                        functions of the software provided by Longyuan. You can also cancel your geographic location
                        information authorization at any time.
9) In order to ensure the security and stability of the service and realize specific functions,
                        some of Longyuan's software may be connected to the software development kit (SDK) developed by
                        a third party. We will conduct security monitoring on the SDK related to personal information
                        collection accessed by the game to protect the security of users' personal information.
10) With users’ approval, Longyuan will collect relevant information from a third party through
                        legal channels.
11) According to relevant laws, regulations and national standards, Longyuan may collect and use
                        the users' relevant personal information without seeking users' authorization or consent in any
                        of the following circumstances:
（a）Any personal information directly related to such
                        national interests as national security and national defense security;
（b）Any personal information directly related to public
                        safety, public health and other major public interests;
（c）Any personal information directly related to crime
                        investigation, litigation, trial and judicial execution;
（d）Any personal information for which the personal
                        consent is difficult to obtain but must be obtained in order to safeguard the major legitimate
                        rights and interests of users or other related individuals;
（e）Any personal information disclosed to the public by
                        users themselves;
（f）Any personal information collected through any
                        legal or public disclosure channel;
（g）Any information that must be collected to maintain
                        the safe and stable operation of software of Longyuan;
（h）Other such circumstances as stipulated by relevant
                        laws and regulations.
Use of Information
Longyuan will use the collected relevant information by the following rules:
（1）Provide users with various software functions and related services.
（2）Provide personalized services to users according to their usage habits, preferences, etc.,
                        including but not limited to sending promotion information to users.
（3）Maintain and improve the software of Longyuan and related services.
（4）Send such activity information of Longyuan as related to meetings, activity trends, recent
                        market activities, etc. to users. If any user refuses to receive relevant messages, Longyuan
                        will not send them thereto any more.
（5）Other such circumstances as stipulated by relevant laws and regulations.
Extent to Which User Information is Shared
Longyuan will not sell, transfer or disclose any
                        user-related information to any third party other than Longyuan and its affiliated
                        companies.
&nbspIn the event of future merger, acquisition, asset
                        transfer and other transaction on Longyuan,
                        Longyuan will inform users of relevant situations and continue to protect or require new
                        controllers to continue to protect the user data in accordance with laws and regulations and
                        standards at a level not lower than those required in this Statement.
Longyuan reserves the right to use or provide user
                        data under the following circumstances, including: (1) under the legal norms and requirements;
                        (2) for maintaining the integrity and legality of Longyuan; (3) in response to the user request;
                        (4) cooperate with legal investigation and public safety, etc.
Linked to Personal Data
Any user has absolute control over any information
                        provided thereby to Longyuan. He may modify such information as his personal data or contact
                        information in the software of Longyuan at any time he wants to.
Cookies
Cookies is a small piece of data sent by Longyuan to
                        the hard disk of user computer for recording. Cookies enables Longyuan to remember some
                        information about users and add to convenience for them to browse web pages. For example, if the
                        number of visitors to a website is computed on the basis of an anonymous collection, we may use
                        cookies to record the number of times of user visits to such website, or to record the columns
                        which the user cares about, or to record users' experience in participating in the website
                        activities. In the above circumstances, Longyuan may use users' personal data in combination
                        with cookies.
Third party account
Users may log in and use the services provided by
                        Longyuan through a third-party account. The third-party account is not controlled by Longyuan,
                        and Longyuan is not responsible for the contents of any third-party account and any change or
                        update of the third-party account. We only provide you with ways to log in and use the services
                        provided by Longyuan through a third-party account under specific circumstances for the purpose
                        of convenience, but our provision of these ways does not mean that we recognize the third-party
                        account. You need to check and comply with the relevant provisions of the third party account.
Linked to Other Websites
We may provide in our software relevant links to other
                        websites outside Longyuan. Users should, before entering such websites, refer to relevant
                        provisions therein regarding protection of users' privacy, and Longyuan disclaims any liability
                        for the privacy protection provisions in such websites.
Security of Information
Longyuan attaches great importance to user information security. We strive to take reasonable
                        physical, electronic and management security measures to protect the information of our users,
                        and prevent any unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of
                        user information. We will apply encryption technology to improving the security of user
                        information, adopt trustworthy protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on user
                        information and deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can
                        access our user information. We will organize training courses on security and privacy
                        protection to enhance the employee awareness of the importance to protect user information.
In case of any such security incident as divulgence of user information, Longyuan will initiate
                        contingency plans to prevent the deterioration thereof. We will announce the basic situations of
                        any security incident upon occurrence hereof, the disposal measures and remedial measures to be
                        taken or already taken, and the corresponding suggestions in the form of announcement, push
                        notification or mail. Where it is difficult to inform users one by one, Longyuan will issue
                        warnings through announcements and other means.
Storage of Information
Longyuan will only save the collected user information in a safe manner within the time necessary
                        for service purposes and within the time stipulated by relevant laws and regulations.
Specific service cancellation and account cancellation
Users can choose to cancel specific services or directly cancel the "Longyuan Pass" account.
When you choose to cancel the specific services, we will instruct you to apply for cancellation
                        through manual customer service and you may need to provide us with the necessary identification
                        information. After successful cancellation, the service will no longer be associated with your
                        account. We will delete your relevant personal information under the service, and will no longer
                        collect, use or provide external personal information related to the service.
When you choose to cancel your "Longyuan Pass" account, we will instruct you to log in to
                        Longyuan's official website and apply for cancellation on the user center page and you may need
                        to provide us with the necessary identification information. After successful cancellation, all
                        services provided by Longyuan under the account will be terminated. Longyuan will delete or
                        anonymously process the personal information under the account, and will no longer collect, use
                        or provide personal information related to the account.
You know and agree that when you log in and use our services with a third-party account, you do
                            not register the "Longyuan Pass" account, so you can only log out of the specific services you
                            log in and use, not the "Longyuan Pass" account.
How FB users to request data deletion
Specially, if you want to cancel the specific services provided by Longyuan that you use through Facebook platform, you need to apply as follows:
（1）Go to the settings of your Facebook home page,and view the list of your apps and websites;
（2）Select and apply to remove the specific services that you wish to remove;
（3）Click the "View Removed Apps and Websites";
（4）Select the specific services in the list of removed applications and websites,click to send the request to delete all data related to the service.
Longyuan will immediately process your deletion application and delete all data
                            of relevant services as soon as possible, including but not limited to your game data and any
                            information about your Facebook account obtained by us due to your use of our services. If you
                            need to use our services through the Facebook again, you know and agree that your Facebook
                            account will be regarded as a new account, and Longyuan will not retain any data for this
                            account.
We will review within 15 working days after receiving the user's application for cancellation of
                        specific services or account( the review period), and give priority to informing you of the
                        application results through the email provided by you. If you do not provide email information
                        to Longyuan, we will contact you through other contact information provided by you to inform you
                        of the application results. If your application is approved, we will cancel your specific
                        service or account.For the avoidance of doubt, the restriction of this review period does not
                        apply to users who apply for cancellation of specific services through Facebook.
Protection of Minors
Longyuan attaches great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. Where the
                        user is a minor, it is recommended that the legal guardian thereof carefully read this Statement
                        and that such minor should use the corresponding service or provide information to Longyuan with
                        the consent of his legal guardian. Longyuan will only collect, use or disclose the personal data
                        of minors under the permission of relevant laws and regulations, upon the express consent by
                        guardians thereof or when necessary for the protection of minors.
Amendment of Regulations on Privacy Protection
Amendment of Regulations on Privacy Protection
                        This Privacy Statement is an integral part of the Agreement on Services for Longyuan Game Users.
                        Longyuan will, if necessary, amend the corresponding regulations on privacy protection in this
                        Privacy Statement at any time. So we suggest that you regularly check the latest terms and
                        conditions online. We will not take the initiative to remind users of the updating of any such
                        term in the future, nor will we recall what happened to the website before, nor will we change
                        the way we handle the information collected before.
成都高新区益州大道722号复城国际T1-12楼
|
互联网出版许可证
|
家长监护工程
|
公司简介
|
网络游戏服务格式化协议
|
龙渊用户服务协议
|
隐私权政策
|
儿童隐私权声明
|
龙渊安全应急响应中心
|
行者AI
|
谛听安全
©2013-2022 All Rights Reserved.版权所有.成都龙渊网络科技有限公司
|
蜀ICP备13010684号-2
|
川网文[2020]1106-196号
|
川公网安备 51019002000972号