Touch Joy Studios - Privacy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Touch Joy Studios - Privacy
Privacy Policy
Latest updated Jan 18th,  2017
1) Purpose of information collection
We collect information to provide better services and user experience to all of our users. The information we collected is very basic, like progress of games, running time and active times.
2) User’s consent
You agree to the terms of this private policy, and you agree to handle personal information in accordance with the private polity.
3) Game records
Game records will be stored in your device, which including levels, other information(e.g. highest score, rate) and your achievement in the game.
4) Log Data
When you consume services we provided, some information will be collected and save to log in our server. The information is details the use of our contents, such as progress of the game, running time and active times.
5) External Storage Usage
We use external storage to save our game data.
Everytime, the game was started, it will load those game data ONLY from external storage.
6) Ad Tracking
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity.
7) Vendors
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. Click to see company privacy policies that govern their use of data.
8) Fees and Purchase Terms
Some TouchJoy Games may be described as a "free game", you may download and play such games free of charge, but they may have in-app purchase and charge real money for additional game content. You agree and acknowledge that TouchJoy is not required to provide a refund for any reason. Your purchase is final and is not refundable, exchangeable, and transferable. You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you. TouchJoy may revise the pricing for the goods and services it provides to you at any time.
9) Links to other website
Our service involves links to other website. If you decide to access it by clicking the banner ads or through the third party links to click on ads, you will be redirected to the third party website. We don’t control the access to the third part websites. These websites may save their own cookies or other documents on your devices.
10) Contact Us
If you have any problem with the private policy, please contact us at
topnewfreegame@gmail.com
11) Changes
Our private policy may change at any time. We will publish any changes done to the private policy on this page.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse