PRIVACY
POLICY – Bridge Constructor, June 22
nd
, 2021
Your
privacy is important to ClockStone Software GmbH and we are committed to
protecting the privacy of parents and kids. Please carefully read the following
information.
This Privacy Policy may be updated
from time to time. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any
changes.
ClockStone
Software GmbH uses and makes all attempts to protect all information when you
use our apps & services.
We follow generally
accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to
ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Headup GmbH’s
possession.
If
you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our products and
services. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we
make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting
the change in this Privacy Policy. Please check back from time to time to
ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of the Service
will signify your acceptance of these changes.
Personal
Data Collected
We do our best to ensure that NO PERSONAL DATA as set out by GDPR and COPPA is
collected, except for third-party services that you specifically opt to use,
such as the Google Play Services. You may opt-out of these services at any
time.
Non-personal
Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "non-personal data" means
information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal
data means "aggregate" and "de-personalized" information,
which is data ClockStone Software GmbH collects about the use of users, from
which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
ClockStone
Software GmbH only collects the following non-personal information from you to
help us improve the overall quality and experience of our product. We use the
service called “Unity Analytics” for this purpose with special settings that
make sure that the collection of data is COPPA and GDPR compliant.
·
We
track errors that occurred on your device and send error reports containing
your device type and operating system version. We use this data to track and
fix errors in the app
·
We
track the type and frequency of some the app’s features you use. We exploit
this data to improve the usability and quality of the app.
·
The
country of your device’s IP address and the type of device you are running our
app on. We use this data to analyse our user base for marketing.
·
We
create a worldwide statistic of scores achieved for all levels in the game. We
only create aggregated statistics, no individual score is saved. We use our own
proprietary technology for this.
Advertisements
We
do not serve any third-party advertisements. We only cross-promote other games
developed by ClockStone in the main menu of the game. No data is collected for
this purpose.
Contact
Us
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at
the following email address:
office@clockstone.com