Privacy Policy in apps Yarr Games
Yarr Games LLC. and its affiliates ("Company" or "we") respect the privacy of its users ("User" or "you") and are committed to protect the User's information, be it yours or your children's. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use our Products (as defined on the Terms of Use) and website (the "Service").
1. Your consent (important, please read carefully!)
By installing the apps on your mobile device, entering into, connecting to, accessing and/or using the apps, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, including to the possible collection and processing of your personal information. Please Note: If you or, as applicable, your legal guardian, disagree to any term provided herein, you may not install, access and/or use the apps and you are requested to promptly erase them, and any part thereof, from your mobile device.
If you are under the age of eighteen (18) you hereby represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to this Privacy Policy.
2. Kids Privacy Policy
This Kids Privacy Policy is designated to provide you, the legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 years old, with guidance regarding our privacy policies and principles with respect to collecting, using and disclosing personal information regarding children under the age of thirteen (13) ("Kids") that are using certain Apps which are directed to Kids.
While the Apps are being used by our Users, other than as expressly specified in Sections 3.2 and 3.3 below, we do not knowingly collect any personal information from Kids and hereby specifically prohibit any User under the age of 13 from providing us with any personal information. If you are a legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 and you believe that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at:
info@yarr-games.com
and we will delete such information from our servers.
Yarr Games does not directly collect and store on its servers any information from its Users of the Apps. Some information may nonetheless be collected through and maintained by Yarr Games's third party providers of certain products or services, such as advertising networks, web analytics services, etc. ("Third Party(ies)"). You, as the legal guardian of a Kid, can find a full list of the Third Parties at:
http://privacy.yarr-games.com/3rdparties.html
. Any question about Third Parties privacy practices and policies should be directed to:
info@yarr-games.com
We will forward your inquiry to the applicable Third Party and make an effort to provide you with such Third Party's response within a reasonable timeframe.
3. Offline Use
Yarr Games allows an offline use (without Internet connection and without GPS enablement) of some features of its Apps. Offline use of Apps will preclude the collection by Yarr Games and/or Third Parties of any information pertaining to you, as the legal guardian of a Kid, and/or your use (including, as applicable, information pertaining to your Kid and his/her use) of the Apps.
4. Online Use
There are three types of data and information which may be collected from Users of our Apps:
4.1 Non-personal Information:
Yarr Games allows Third Parties to collect non-identifiable and anonymous information as detailed below ("Kids Non-personal Information"). To put it simply, with respect to such Kids Non-personal Information, Yarr Games and the Third Parties have no idea of the identity of the User from whom Third Parties have collected the Kids Non-personal Information. Kids Non-personal Information collected by Third Parties may include the following technical information:
*type of operation system (e.g. Android, Ios, etc.),
*type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.),
*screen resolution (e.g. 800x600, 1024x768, etc.),
*language (e.g. English), device type (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.),
*geo-location - only general location may be collected. No street name or city/town name is collected.
The purpose for such collection: Yarr Games allows Third Parties collection of Non-personal Information for strict and limited purposes. Namely, for the limited purpose of analyzing the Apps in order to provide the Users of Apps with the functionalities and performance.
4.2 Kids' Persistent Device Identifier and No Other Kids personal identifiable information:
Third Parties may also collect a persistent Device identifier from Kids, such as IP address unique device identifier, etc. ("Kids' Persistent Device Identifier"). Yarr Games does not collect and does not allow Third Parties to collect from Kids any personal information that may identify an individual (other than the Kids' Persistent Device Identifier which is collected for the limited purpose of internal operations of the Apps) and any other personal identifiable information of private and/or sensitive nature about the Kids.
Yarr Games does not allow any additional personal identifiable information to be linked to the Kids' Persistent Device Identifier, even from other services.
The purpose for such collection: Yarr Games allows Kids' Persistent Device Identifier to be collected strictly for internal operations of the Kids Apps including (without limitation) for serving Users of Kids Apps with advertisement as permitted under applicable privacy laws (for example, serving Users of the Apps which are located in the United States with only "contextual advertisement", which are advertisements that are served without connection to any behavioral elements).
4.3 Information which is gathered through the Apps "Contact Us" or "Support" type of a feature:
In the event that a Kid e-mails a question to Yarr Games, using the "Contact Us" or "Support" type of a feature which may be available within the App, Yarr Games may respond to such question, using the Kid's e-mail address. Promptly after responding (or, at the Company's sole discretion, not responding) to such question, Yarr Games will delete the Kid's e-mail address from its servers.
How the Information about our Users of Apps is being collected?
The abovementioned Kids Non-personal Information and Kids' Persistent Device Identifier are collected by Third Parties through the Users' use of the Apps, including, without limitation, through such Third Parties' SDK embedded in our Kids Apps. In addition, local Kids Non-personal Information and the Kids' Persistent Device Identifier may also be stored on the Users' device via generally accepted industry technologies used within the Apps, such as "cookies" and local storage (see Section 16 below for further details with respect to Cookies and Local Storage).
5. Sharing Kids information with third parties
We may share Information only in the following cases:
(a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
(b) to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
(c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
(d) to respond to claims that any content published on the Service violates any right of a third-party;
(e) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the general public;
(f) when Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company;
(g) pursuant to your approval, in order to supply certain services you have requested from Company;
(h) to let our partners and affiliates serve you with commercials;
6. Direct Marketing & Advertising
Direct Marketing: You hereby agree that we may send you notifications for the purpose of informing you regarding products and services (offered by the Company and/or by third parties) which may interest you and to send to you advertisements and other marketing material, transmitted to you through the Service using an internal notifications mechanism incorporated in the Service, or incorporated in our Newsletter sent to your email per your request. You may remove your email address from mailing list at any time by clicking the remove option incorporated in the emails sent to you.
Advertising: We accept advertisements from third party advertisers. These advertisers are carefully selected to provide information about products and services that we think may be of interest to our Users. Note that if you click on any of these advertisements, these advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser with which you are interacting before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
7. Cookies & Local Storage
When you access or use the Service, Company may use industry-wide technologies such as "cookies" and Flash (or similar technologies), which stores certain information on your computer ("Local Storage") and which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features, and make your Service experience much more convenient and effortless. The cookies used by the Service are created per session, does not include any information about you, other than your session key and are removed as your session ends. It is easy to prohibit the Local Storage. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer's hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. In order to erase or disable the Local Storage option in Flash you should use the settings option of Flash according to the specific instructions provided by the technology provider. However, if you block or erase cookies, or change the settings of Flash, your online experience may be limited.
We also may use certain third-party cookies (e.g. Google Authentication). These are a different kind of cookies, stored on your computer by third parties, rather than by the Company. This kind of cookie is only read (and not altered by the Service) each time you visit the Service, and also when you visit certain websites or applications that uses similar cookies. Third-party cookies usually store only Non-personal Information, such as the web pages you have visited, the duration of your browsing, etc.
8. Security
We take a great care in maintaining the security of the Service and your information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through industry standard technologies and internal procedures, including through the use of encryption mechanisms. However, we do not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
Third Party Software/Service
While using the Service we may be using third party software and/or service, in order to (a) collect and/or process Non-personal information; (b) provide you with advertisements on different products and services; and (c) communicate with you through an internal messaging mechanism incorporated in the Service. Such software may include without limitation, Flurry [which privacy policy can be found at:
http://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html
], Google AdMob [which privacy policy can be found at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
].
9. Using Game Center Feature and Interaction with Third Party Social Networks or Platforms
Our Apps may allow for social integration with certain third party social networks or platforms (such as, Apple Game Center, Google Play Games, Amazon GameCircle) (the "Game Center Feature"). These social networks and platforms are created and maintained by third parties who are not affiliated with and/or controlled by Yarr Games. If you enable this integration with such social networks and platforms, your use of the Game Center Feature is subject to the applicable third party social network's or platform's terms of use and privacy policies. You should ensure that you read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they treat you information.
Note that
Apple Game Center which terms are available at:
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
;
Google Play Games which terms are available at:
https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/about/device-terms.html
;
and Amazon GameCircle feature which terms are available at:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201371550
).
If you do not agree to the practices described in such terms you should not allow our Apps to interact with such social networks or platforms, however you may find that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available by our Apps. You understand that where you allow interaction with any third party social network or platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy social elements. This data may include, without limitation, your scores and/or progress in our Apps, your name and your social media profile picture.
10. Links to Third Party sites
Certain links provided in the Apps through advertisements or otherwise permit Users to leave our Apps and enter non Yarr Games sites or services. Those linked sites and services are provided solely as a convenience to you. These linked sites and services are not under the control of Yarr Games and it is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or services, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content advertising, products, services or other information on or available from such linked sites and services or any link contained in a linked site or service. Yarr Games reserves the right to terminate any link at any time. You further acknowledge and agree that Yarr Games shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such linked sites or resource.
Most of such linked sites and services provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policy, governing the use thereof. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and services, inter alia, in order to know what kind of information they are collecting.
11. Changes to the Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Service and any information collected therein. Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated "Last Revised" and your continued use of the Service on or the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
12. Got any Questions?
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcomed to send us an email to the following address:
info@yarr-games.com
and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe.