Tank Hero
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Tank Hero
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Tank Hero
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
More
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Last updated on May 30, 2019
Thank you for playing our games! We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the data that we collect about you lawfully for a better gaming experience.
If we decide to make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will tell you and other players by placing a notice or notification in game before the change becomes effective.
This Privacy Policy describes:
l  This Privacy Policy applies to Tank Hero games ( Tank Hero for Andorid， iOS) and related services (both referred as the service below), which we collectively call the Service or services. If we make any changes, we will notify you by sending a notification in the game prior to the change. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about your data, or if you have any reasonable requests with your personal data, you can contact us through the game for a quick reply.
Email: tankhero2019@gmail.com
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT?
1.      Data you share with us:
l   User name
l   Facebook ID and Facebook Profile data (profile photo) if you log in our game with your Facebook ID
l   If you log in our game with your Facebook ID, please be clear that We don’t have any control over Facebook ID. You can reach Facebook regarding your account privacy by visiting the following link:
Facebook Privacy:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/FB_Work_Privacy
2.      Data we collect automatically.
l   Data about player account and game progress
l   Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
l   Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
l   Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and interactions with other players inside the Service
3.      Data we collect from our partners
l   If you link your Facebook with the Service, we may collect data from Facebook. You can manage your privacy settings with your Facebook Account by visiting the following link:
Facebook Privacy settings:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=privacy
( Must log in your FB account before opening the link)
l   Demographic data (such as to determine the location of your IP address)
Data from platforms that the games run on (Google Play, AppStore，Amazon Apps )
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA?
We collect data about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to let you play the game and secondly, to provide you with the best gaming experience. We will only use your data for the purposes below:
To let you log in with your Facebook ID and access to our Services (games)
To provide technical support and respond to support tickets
To deliver and target advertising
To notify users of Tank Hero updates
To provide in-Service leader boards and promote in-Service player achievements
To solicit input and feedback to improve gaming experiences
To inform users about new products or promotional offers
To track the content, you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
To deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
To analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
To take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA？
We will only use your data for the purposes listed below and with your consent or authorization, we may process your data for additional purposes:
1.       We will use your data to provide, personalize and optimize the gaming experience.
2.       We will use your data to respond to your emails or requests or feedbacks regarding your use of the service.
3.       We use your data we collected to verify accounts and activity, prevent harmful conduct, spam and other bad things.
WHO WILL SEE YOUR DATA？
Apart from US, your data can be accessed or shared by the following situations:
1.      OTHER PLAYERS
Other players may see your profile data and in-game activities.
2.      PARTNERS WORKING FOR Tank Hero
Tank Hero has partners to work for us. These partners can process your data only at and according to our instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, payment, and players’ support.
3.      Other companies and public authorities.
In order to prevent fraud and illegal activity, we may share data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, players or any other parties.
4.      Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes SDKs from our partners, such as social media interaction tools, advertising analytics tools and in-game or app advertising platforms. A list of partners is available below:
Facebook
Google
Amazon Apps
Twitter
Unity Ads
Appsflyer
These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to read their privacy policies by visiting the following links:
Facebook
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Google
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Amazon Apps Privacy Policy: https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
Twitter
Privacy Policy:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Unity Technologies
Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Appsflyer Privacy
https://www.appsflyer.com/product/gdpr
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Our Service is global by nature and your data may therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world.
To be specific, your game data will be stored in Google clouding servers
which is located in United States, but our service providers and partners may work globally. This means we may process your data globally. However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We require all service providers and partners to protect personal data they process from the EEA in accordance with GDPR.
YOUR DATA RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
1.      If you want to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, please send an email to tankhero2019@gmail.com
2.      If you want to object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data, or request portability of your personal data, please send an email to tankhero2019@gmail.com
3.       Opt-out of targeted advertising: You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android).
1)       Opt-out for iOS:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT205223
2)       Opt-out for Android: head to your phone's Settings, then select the "Google" option and choose "Ads," then enable the switch next to "Opt out of Ads Personalization."
4.       If we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time by sending an email to tankhero2019@gmail.com . Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing by Tank Hero prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance of lawful processing grounds other than consent.
5.       If you want we respond to all requests regarding your data protection rights in accordance with GDPR, please send an email to tankhero2019@gmail.com .
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most gaming companies, we and our partners may use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyze use, run targeted advertising campaigns and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA?
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address or any other data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.
GDPR Reference
EU users can head over to
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/
for a quick review regarding the data rights complying with GDPR.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse