Privacy Policy - RV AppStudios
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy for Apps & Games for Adults
Last updated February 05, 2024
RV AppStudios (referred to as 'we', 'us', 'our') operates the 'www.rvappstudios.com' website and specializes in creating games and applications ('apps') for mobile devices, web, and PC ('devices').
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our 'Services,' which include our websites, games, applications, and other properties or services owned or operated by RV AppStudios. The terms 'you' or 'your' refer to any individuals or entities using our Services. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
Note:
For information about privacy in our educational kids' games, please check out our
Kids' Games Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding privacy and data protection in general, you may contact us.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
When you install or use our Services, we collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Purpose of Data Collection
To provide you with the services you asked for (Example: saving game progress or application settings)
To improve, optimize and personalize our Services and our users' experiences either directly or through third-party partners (Example: identifying features that users find annoying or levels that are too difficult for most players, updating leaderboards)
To display tailored third-party advertisements based on user interests (Example: ads tailored to your interests may include banner ads on game boards or in Services, such as full-screen ads between moves or level changes)
To address your comments, questions, and requests and provide customer service and support (Example: responding to and handling questions and requests you've sent to us)
To disclose information to legal authorities if required by law.
Types of Information Collected:
The information we collect depends on how you use our Services. We never sell your information to any third party and make a good faith effort to protect your data. Generally, we may collect the following:
The name of the service you're using
A unique identifier (like Player ID, Device ID, Advertising ID, MAC address, or IDFA)
Contextual data about apps (such as levels or saved settings)
Device information (like connection type, timestamp, system language, device model, available storage space, time zone, and operating system, battery status, hardware details etc.)
Information from authentication services you connect to our Service (such as Facebook or Google)
Anything you've shared with us via support email
Who has access to your data?
We never sell and share your info to any third party and make a good faith effort to protect your data. If your personal information is held by a third-party data controller, like a payment processor or advertising partner, we recommend reaching out to them directly in accordance with their privacy policies. Below are the advertising networks and analytics tools we use.
Advertising Network:
AdMob Network:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Supersonic/IronSource:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Mopub
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
AdColony:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Ad Generation:
https://supership.jp/privacy/
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Chocolate Platform:
https://chocolateplatform.com/privacy-policy/
ENGINE Media Exchange (EMX):
https://big-village.com/privacy-policy/
Equativ (formerly Smart AdServer):
https://equativ.com/
Fluct:
https://corp.fluct.jp/privacy?lang=en
Improve Digital:
https://improvedigital.com/platform-privacy-policy/
Index Exchange:
https://www.indexexchange.com/
InMobi Exchange:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
Liftoff Monetize:
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Media.net:
https://www.media.net/privacy-policy/
Meta Audience Network:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
Mintegral (Beta):
https://www.mintegral.com/en
Mobfox:
https://www.mobfox.com/mobfox-legal
OneTag Exchange:
https://www.onetag.com/privacy/
OpenX:
https://www.openx.com/privacy-center/privacy-policy/
Pangle:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/
PubMatic:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Rubicon (Magnite):
https://www.magnite.com/legal/
Sharethrough:
https://privacy-center.sharethrough.com/en/
Smaato:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Sonobi:
https://sonobi.com/privacy-policy/
Tapjoy:
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
Triplelift (Beta):
https://triplelift.com/privacy/
UnrulyX:
https://unruly.co/legal/privacy/
Verve Group:
https://verve.com/product-privacy-policies/
Yieldmo:
https://yieldmo.com/privacy-policy/
YieldOne:
https://yieldone.com/service/
Analytic Companies:
Google Analytics:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Payments:
App Store:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
Google Play:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Samsung Galaxy Store:
https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy/
Microsoft Store:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/privacystatement
Amazon Appstore:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=GX7NJQ4ZB8MHFRNJ/
Huawei AppGallery:
https://www.huawei.com/en/privacy-policy
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Social Network:
Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
ADVERTISING
Our apps include advertising for third-party products and services. We and our partners use your information to enhance advertising and targeting for these third-party ads within our apps. This helps ensure that the ads you see are relevant and interesting to you.
This information may includes ad identifiers and other non-personal information gathered from your device, including your age, region, and gender. Additionally, it may involve other information obtained from third parties with your consent.
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
You can choose to prevent your device's ad identifier from being used for interest-based advertising, or you can reset your device's ad identifier by changing your device's settings. Settings vary from device to device, but you will usually find the ad identifier settings under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings. You can also turn the interest-based advertising on or off from the app settings within the app's settings menu.
If you opt out, you may still see advertisements in the apps, but they will not be personalized based on your interests or information.
PROCEDURES AND METHODS TO DESTROY PERSONAL INFORMATION
When your personal information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws, we have established stringent procedures and methods to ensure its secure and permanent deletion. We never sell data with any third-party services.
The only personally identifiable information we collect is when someone emails us for support through the app. We remove email addresses from our support records every 90 days or once their purpose is fulfilled. We use secure deletion methods to permanently remove personal information from our systems. For any physical records or storage devices containing personal information, we ensure they are securely destroyed.
While you may contact us directly, we also encourage you to reach out to our third-party providers listed in the privacy policy if you have any questions or concerns.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We don't knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13 years old (16 in Europe), unless a parent or legal guardian gives consent. If you're under 13 (16 in Europe, or under the applicable age restrictions), please don't send us any personal information or use our Services. Some of our Services may have age restrictions that vary by country, region, operating system, platform, etc.
If we become aware that a child has provided personal information without a parent's permission, we will promptly delete this information which we are handling. We also suggest that parents contact third-party services (mentioned in this policy) to delete any additional information. We encourage parents to instruct their children to never share their real names, addresses, or phone numbers online without permission.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER
We do not sell, trade, or rent users' personal identification information to others. Some of the partners and processors mentioned in this policy are located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction, where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. We advise you to contact the third-party data controller, such as an advertising partner or a payment processor, directly in accordance with their privacy policies listed
here.
It's essential to note that privacy laws vary by location. This means your data may not have the same level of protection as it does where you live.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Delete or Reset our Services:
There are several ways you can control the personal data we collect about you. For example, you can delete our apps from your device or reset your device's advertising identifier.
Access to Your Device Information:
You can manage the Services' access to your device information through your device's "Settings" app. This includes controlling access to network devices, location data, and integration with other applications.
Modifying or Deleting Your Information:
If you have questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting your information, contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. Please note that we may not be able to modify or delete your information in all cases.
Push Notifications:
We may send you push notifications for app updates, new offers, levels, and other notices. You can opt-out of these communications at any time by changing your device settings.
Advertising:
Refer to the Advertising section of this Privacy Policy for detailed information on managing your advertising settings.
YOUR RIGHTS
As a user of our Services, you have certain rights regarding your personal data and how we handle it. However, exercising these rights, such as requesting deletion of your data, may impact our ability to provide products and services to you or engage with you in the same way. If you have any questions or want to exercise your rights, you can contact us at
legal_support@rvappstudios.com
Depending on where you are located, you may have additional rights under specific regulations. For example, if you are in the EU, you have rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or a user in Virginia and may have rights under Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, or a user in Brazil and may have rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais, or a user in any other country having local regulations.
Those rights include:
Right of Access:
You have the right to access your personal data that RV AppStudios uses.
Right to Correct or Erasure:
You can ask to correct your personal data if it's wrong or incomplete. To delete personal information linked to your account, check the app settings under "Legal" or contact us.
Account Deactivation:
If you have created an account with us, you can ask to deactivate it by contacting us.
Restriction of Processing:
You can ask to limit how your personal data is used in certain situations.
Right to Object:
You have the right to object to the processing of personal information about you which is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests.
Data Portability:
In some cases, you can request your personal information to transfer it to another service provider.
RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF:
Targeted advertising:
You may have the right to direct us not to process your personal data to provide targeted advertising.
Certain types of profiling:
You may have the right to direct us not to process your personal data for certain types of profiling activities.
To opt out, contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section below. For more details, see the Your Rights and Options section of this Privacy Policy.
Right to non-discrimination:
You won't be treated unfairly for exercising these rights. However, if exercising these rights affects our ability to provide products or services, we may need to adjust how we engage with you.
Right to Appeal:
If we decline to take action on a request, you may have the right to appeal our decision.
Right to Withdraw Consent:
There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal data. If you've given consent for certain processing, you can withdraw it. This won't affect processing done before you withdrew consent.
We may need to verify your identity, especially if you're a California resident. This may involve providing additional personal data like your email or phone number. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above if we can't verify your identity or find your information in our systems. If we cannot comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply.
European, UK and Swiss Residents:
You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority.
California Residents:
You have the right to know whether your personal data is sold or shared, and the right to opt out of it being used for targeted ads purposes. We never sell data to any third party services.
Virginia Resident:
You have the right to know whether your personal data is sold or shared and the right to opt-out of  it being used for targeted ads purposes. We never sell data to any third party services.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page. When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update the date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. If we make significant changes, we will notify you through prominent posts on our website or within our products.
CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following email address:
legal_support@rvappstudios.com
Address: 848 N. Rainbow Blvd. #5467 Las Vegas, NV 89107, United States.
Effective Date: 18th October, 2022
Introduction:
These Terms of Service (Terms) govern your access to and use of our services including games, applications, websites and other services. Please read them carefully. By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you accept these terms, you represent that you are age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, then you represent that your parents or your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms of Services.
These terms are made available via the app store or platform that you download our Games such as the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, Amazon App Store, Windows Phone Store, Facebook or any related services related to our games. Your right to use the Services is subject to such relevant terms and policy.
Access or Use of the Services:
You agree to comply with the specific rules for each Game that you access or play. Those rules concern matters such as how to score points, how to control characters, what to do with resources etc. When made available, information about gameplay, features and functions inside our Games can be found in the Game descriptions on the app stores and platforms and on our website.
You understand that downloading or connecting to and playing our Games requires an Internet connection that you are responsible for. Your Internet service provider may charge you for gaining access to the Internet.
Purchases in the Services:
Our games are free to play, it contains in-app purchases and advertising. Our Games may include virtual currencies such as coin and gems (Virtual Money) or items or services for use with our Games (Virtual Goods). The balance of virtual goods or virtual currency does not contain real value. In-app purchases can be purchased with real money and you can turn off the payment feature in your device settings. Price and availability of Virtual Items are subject to change without notice.
If you choose to sign up for a subscription services, you can get exclusive offers and tons of free extras. VIP subscription is available on a weekly/monthly/yearly tier, which auto-renews. Payments will be charged to the user's Account at confirmation. Subscriptions automatically renew unless canceled at least 24 hours before the end of the billing cycle. Continuing subscribers will be charged weekly/monthly/yearly for renewal. Manage auto-renewal settings and payment methods by going to Account Settings on the device. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active subscription period. Unused portions of free trials will be forfeited upon purchase of a subscription.
Code of Conduct:
You shall download and connect to and play our Games only for your personal use and according to these Terms of Service, any app store and platforms terms and applicable law.
You shall only download and play our Games and acquire Virtual Items from the app stores and platforms that we make our Games available on, and only play our Games on devices and
                        platforms that we provide the relevant Game for.
You shall not interfere with our Games and gameplay inside our Games irrespective of whether or not this includes manipulation of the software, backend or networks. In particular and without limitation you shall not: create, offer or use hacks, cheats, exploits or any other unauthorized application, tool or command that modifies the Game or gameplay or circumvents technical protection measures in a way not intended by us.
If provision of information or data is required, you must provide all of these accurately and in full, and keep them up-to-date at all times.
Third-Party Services and Links:
We may link to third party websites or services from our Services. Your use of the Service may also include the use of applications that are developed or owned by a third party. Your use of such third party applications, websites, and services is governed by that party’s own terms of service or privacy policies. We encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third party application, website or service that you visit or use.
Account Information:
You may need to create an account to use some of our Services. When using the services, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Playing Games With Other Users:
Some of our Games allow you to play against an opponent or to play socially with other users. You may be able to choose to play against another user or to play socially with another user whom we selects for you. By accessing and/or playing our Games you agree that your display name, scores, avatar, country location, online/offline status and other related details may be displayed in any and all media (whether it exists now or in the future), for any purpose, in perpetuity, without any payment to you, including (without limitation) to other users in our games or within our marketing. You also understand and agree that other users may find you by searching for you with your email address. Please note that we will only show your display name publically, and not your email address; another user must already know your email address themselves in order to search for you.
Binding Arbitration / Class Waiver:
These provision regarding binding arbitration and class action apply to you if you are a resident in the United States of America or access, download and use our Games and other Services in the United States of America. You and us agree that there is no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated on a class-action basis or to utilize class action procedures, there is no right or authority for any dispute to be brought in a purported representative capacity or as a private attorney general, and no arbitration shall be joined with any other arbitration. Changes addressing new functions or made for legal reasons, we will notify you 30 days in advance of making effective changes to these terms that impact the rights or obligations of any party to these terms.
Suspension and Termination of Services:
We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) delete, suspend and/or modify your Account or parts of your Account; (ii) limit, suspend or terminate
                        access to the Services; (iii) modify or remove any Virtual Money or Items; (iv) reset and/or modify any game progression or benefits and privileges associated with you, such as any level or score you have reached in the Games.)
Disclaimer:
The Services are provided to you are sold "AS IS" and without warranties as to performance or merchantability or any other warranties whether expressed or implied. It may have defects, and your use is solely at your risk.
Limitation of Liability:
We shall not be liable for liable for damages, direct or consequential, resulting from your use of the Service, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims, losses, liability costs and expenses, including but not limited to attorney's fees, arising from your violation of any third-party's rights.
Copyright Restriction:
We put a lot of effort into creating the Service including, the logo and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, information and other content (excluding your content). This property is owned by us or our licensors and it is protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. You shall not attempt to modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile our games. Nor can you create any derivative works or other works that are based upon or derived from our games in whole or in part.
Changes to Terms or Services:
We reserves the right to amend, change, modify, add or remove portions of the Terms of Services and Privacy Policy at any time, at its sole discretion, by posting the updated version on its website and within the games. We may do so for a number of reasons including without limitation because we change the nature of our products or services, for technical or legal reasons, or because the needs of our business have changed. You agree that if you do not accept any amendment to our terms then you shall immediately stop accessing and/or using our Services.
Governing Law:
This Agreement shall be governed by the law of the U.S. applicable therein. You hereby irrevocably attorn and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of U.S. therefrom. If any provision shall be considered unlawful, void or otherwise unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this License and not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.
Assignment and Severability:
We may transfer all or a part of its rights or obligations pursuant to this User Agreement to a third party without your consent. You may transfer any of your rights or obligations under this User Agreement only with our prior written approval.
If any provision of these terms is held invalid or unenforceable for any reason, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from the conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the conditions.
Entire Agreement:
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us concerning the use of the Services and prior agreements between you and us relating to your use of the Services.
Contact Details:
If you have any questions regarding these terms of services, please contact us at the following email address:
legal_support@rvappstudios.com
Copyright © 2024 RV AppStudios LLC