Privacy policy – CadevGames
Saltar al contenido (presiona la tecla Intro)
CadevGames
CadevGames
juegos
Contacto
Instagram
Privacy policy
This privacy policy governs your use of all software application for mobile devices that was created by CadevGames.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
This Application does not need to provide any personal information.
Automatically Collected Information
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device, although it may occasionally use the device location to display ads related to the region where it is located.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Third party companies Application uses are:
Unity
(
GDPR
,
privacy policy
): to show announces, to implement in-app purchases and to analyzing how our app is used.
Google
(
privacy
): to show announces, to implement in-app purchases and to analyzing how our app is used.
Apple
(
privacy
): to implement in-app purchases and to analyzing how our app is used.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. «Processing» means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
info@cadevgames.com
.
Android
IOs
Cartas
Instagram
Copyright ©2020 CadevGames
Author Landing Page | Desarrollado por
Rara Theme
Funciona con
WordPress.