PRIVACY POLICY – Doodle Joy Studio
Skip to content
Doodle Joy Studio
Drawing Apps To Free Your Art Imagination
Search
Search for:
Search
Menu
About Us
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to Doodle Joy Studios and we are committed to protecting the privacy of parents and kids. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.
Doodle Joy Studios uses and makes all attempts to protect all information when you use our apps & services.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the service. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change in this Privacy Policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of the Service will signify your acceptance of these changes.
WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13.
We take many special precautions to protect the privacy of children under 13.
At our websites and through our apps intended for children, we do not collect personal contact information (like full name, birthdate, phone number or home address) from children.
We take steps to prevent children from posting or publicly disclosing personal contact information. There is no means by which a child can post or disclose personal contact on our site or apps.
We use technology, like cookies, to recognize returning visitors, for research and other purposes, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
We require our advertising service partners to comply with self-regulatory guidelines on targeted advertising. We do not permit interest-based advertising on any sites or app.
A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS AND LEGAL GUARDIANS:
Doodle Joy Studio adheres to the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) and the guidelines of the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (“CARU”) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus, Inc. in our web Sites, online services and Apps directed to children under 13. Wherever we refer to “children” or a “child” in this Privacy Statement, we mean children under 13.
Recent Comments
Archives
Categories
No categories
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Copyright © 2024
Doodle Joy Studio
. All Rights Reserved.
|
Kids Camp by
Catch Themes