Privacy Policy - HeavyFall Studio
HEAVY FALL STUDIO
Home
Our games
Construction City
Construction City 2
Construction City 2 Winter
Diego
About
Terms of Services
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy Policy
HeavyFall Studio., its subsidiaries and its affiliates, respect the privacy of the users of
							their mobile applications (“User” or “you”) and are committed to
							protect the User’s information. This Privacy Policy explains the types of information
							we collect, and how we collect, use, disclose, share and protect your information. We
							recognize the importance of protecting the information collected about you. Please
							familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.
Information Collection and Use
• If you choose to download one of our products, we may collect information of your
							Google profile that is connected to the Google Play store to access information like Name,
							Username, email address, physical address and/or phone number
• If you choose to connect to us through one of our Websites/Apps/Games through a
							third-party social network such as Facebook or any other third-party social network, we may
							collect Personal Information from your profile on such third-party social networks.
							Referring to the information like: name, username, photography and other information offered
							by the third-party social network.
• If you choose to make a purchase through our Websites/Apps/games, we will collect your
							credit card information and other billing information. We therefore do not store them.
• If you choose to make use of any public forum, comment section or chat function we may
							collect any Personal Information you may disclose through such means.
• If you choose to submit your Personal Information to us for any other reason or in any
							other form, we will collect such Personal Information and use it for the purposes for which
							you specifically submitted it.
• We may collect the following Usage Date when you make use of the Websites/Apps/games:
							your computer’s IP address, your mobile phone’s unique device ID or other
							persistent identifiers. This also counts for geo location information, your device’s
							software platform and firmware, the type of browser you use, the date and time of your use
							of our Websites/Apps/games, the actions you take within the Websites/Apps/games, your game
							progress, play time, score and achievements, and the URLs you visited and/or apps/ games you
							used before and after using our Websites/Apps/games and all other gameplay information
							related to our Websites/Apps/games.
• If you choose to sign in for our newsletter, we may collect Personal Information like
							e-mail address, name, username and other related information. By choosing this option the
							user subscribes to our newsletter and receive this automatically. If you no longer wish to
							receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe
							link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at matim.mks@gmail.com
• If you choose to contact our customer service, we may collect your email address when
							you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you
							about your gaming experience and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no
							longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following
							the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at
							matim.mks@gmail.com
• If you choose to log in with sign-in services (‘’SN Service’’)
							such as Facebook Connect, Apple’s Game Center or an Open ID provider. Services like
							Facebook Connect give you the option to log in to the game or post information about your
							activities in the game to your profile page to share with others within your network. We may
							collect and record information such as your name, (2) your SN Service user identification
							number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6)
							email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification
							numbers for your friends that are also connected to HeavyFall studio game(s).
Note: You represent and warrant that all Personal Information you provide us is true and
							correct and relates to you and not to any other person.
Cookies
Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your
							user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring
							recommendations to your interests, and making the service easier to use. You can disable
							cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the service.
							We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your
							computer/device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since
							the third party advertising companies associate your computer/device with a number, they
							will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an advertisement.
							These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service and third party sites
							and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements
							about goods and services of interest to you. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not
							responsible for the data collection practices of these third party advertisers, and we
							encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and
							other technology. Our main partner who helps us providing our analytics and ad serving is
							Google (Analytics/Admob). Privacy
Policy: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Opt-out https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Mobile Analytics
HeavyFall Studio uses mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the
							functionality of our Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information
							such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application,
							aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not
							link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you
							submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of
							which include Google Analytics and Google Play Developer. Such third parties may use
							cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user
							information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your
							device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is
							spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their
							services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use
							of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third
							parties tracking tools. Please refer to our list of analytics partners which is available in
							the cookies section for further information about these services.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use
							information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC
							address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to
							provide advertisements of interest to you. Please refer to our list of partners within the
							Services and for more information on how to opt out at In addition, you may see our games
							advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing
							our game, you will become a user of our Service. In order to verify the installs, a device
							identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide
							you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your
							information to provide you services, contact us at matim.mks@gmail.com. We will retain and
							use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes,
							and enforce our agreements.
Agreement with HeavyFall Studios Policies
By accessing and/or using any of the HeavyFall Studios services or products, you signify your
							understanding of the agreement with this Privacy Policy, and to our Terms of use. If you do
							not agree with our policies, please do not access or use any of HeavyFall Studios products,
							services or related subjects. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy
							Policy or its implementation, or want to review, modify or remove the information you have
							provided to us, or for questions or complaints you may contact us at matim.mks@gmail.com
							Please when doing so mention the subject of the Privacy Policy for a specified reply on the
							subject.
Policy Changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make
							any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in
							your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
							We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy
							practices.
Security
We take, or obligate applicable third-parties to take, reasonable precautions to protect our
							customers’ personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure,
							alteration and destruction. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the
							internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100 % secure. The choice is off
							course entirely up to you whether to provide personal information to us. As a result, while
							we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of
							any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do this at your own risk. When
							we use third parties to assist us in processing your Personal Information or Credit card
							information we take reasonable steps to require that they comply with this privacy policy.
							If there occurs any breach of security involving your credit card information from our
							Websites/Apps/games, we will inform you immediately and take commercially reasonable steps
							to rectify such breach.
HeavyFall Studio takes measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or
							against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties. Although we make good faith efforts to
							store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not
							available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information
							during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure
							the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security
							measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to
							this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected
							against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
Contact us with any questions:
Email: matim.mks@gmail.com
Facebook
Twitter
Dribbble
LinkedIn
© 2020 HeavyFall Studio.
Design:
HTML5 UP