Green Mango Games: Bubble Shooter
Green Mango Games
Home
▼
Sunday, 26 July 2020
Bubble Shooter
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.greenmango.game.bubbleshooter
Privacy Policy
About us and how to contact us
GreenMangoGames provides free mobile games and will process your personal information when you play our games. If you have any questions about our data practices, your rights or have any concerns or complaints, you can contact us at greenmangogames@gmail.com
We collect personal information from you directly, e.g. when you play games, and also generate information about your use of our games, including game play and log data. If you log in to a game with your social media account, we will receive information about you including your basic profile information, profile picture and friends list. We also receive information from third parties such as social media platforms and fraud detection providers.
How we use your personal information
We use your information to provide you with our games, support and analyse your use, and improve them. We will also use your information to respond to your questions. We use your information to show you ads targeted to you in our games. You can choose to stop receiving these at any time, by opting out or changing your device settings.
Who we share your personal information with
We rely on third parties for the purposes set out in the privacy policy, including support services, such as support ticketing and game analytics. We also work with certain advertising partners to show you ads. Additionally, we share your information within our group and as required by law.
Where we process your personal information
We are located in Israel where we process your information. Some of our providers are located in the EEA or the United States.
Your rights
You may have rights to access, receive a copy of, or delete, your information or restrict processing of your data, and you also have the right to object to our use of your information for certain purposes, including tailored marketing and advertising.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any updates or changes to this Policy will be published here. If there are any significant changes, we will notify you through the website and in-Game.
at
July 26, 2020
Share
No comments:
Post a Comment
Home
View web version
About Me
Green Mango Games
View my complete profile
Powered by
Blogger
.