Designer 777
Designer 777 PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated Jan 17, 2021
Welcome to the Designer 777 community! Here at Designer 777, we know your data is valuable to you and that when you use our services, you’re entrusting it to us so that you can make new connections in the Designer 777 community, not so we can sell it to other people. This Privacy Policy is designed to give you all the information you need to understand how we use your data, who we share it with, and how to get ahold of us if you want more information.
Information We Collect
The Basics
When you install Designer 777 on your phone, we collect the following information from you:
Your Device ID (On Apple, your IDFA. On Google, your AAID)
Your Phone Number
Your Country
Your Username
Your Age
Your Gender
Social Media Profiles
If you choose to use a social media account like Facebook or Twitter to join Designer 777, we will collect the following information:
Your unique identifier for that service
Your contact list if you choose to share that with us
Your profile photo
Your Messages
If you communicate with your friends or with other members of the Designer 777 community, we store your chats for up to seven days unless you delete the entire conversation. If you delete the conversation, it will disappear from your history but not from the other person’s. We can’t guarantee that no one has taken a screen shot or recorded your conversations or downloaded anything you shared with them, so be careful with what you share.
We do not record your phone calls or voice chats made using Designer 777.
Location Data
When you use Designer 777, we may use your location data to match you with other members of the Designer 777 community. To do this, simply turn on your location sharing settings and we’ll match you with people near you to play games against. This helps you make new connections but isn’t so accurate that anyone can find you in real time. You can turn off location sharing in your settings in Designer 777 or the mobile settings on your phone at any time.
Being Safe
For the night is dark and full of terrors. Even though we work hard to help you protect your identity and location, when you interact with other members of the Designer 777 community, you do so at your own risk. Be smart with what information you share with other people. If you encounter anyone who you have a problem with, contact us at
[email protected]
.
How We Use Your Data
We use your data to do four things right now:
To enable you to participate in the Designer 777 community to #ChatChillPlay.
To improve Designer 777 by studying how you use our app and website
To communicate with you
To respond to valid legal requests
How We Don’t Use Your Data
We do not use your data to do the following:
Make money selling or licensing your data to other companies
Sell targeted advertisements to you
We’re not saying it will always be this way and we reserve the right to change our business model, but right now, we’re not working on selling your data or profiting off of it.
Who Do We Share Your Data With?
We share your data with the following types of entities:
Our service providers, such as our hosting partners, analytics companies, and technology partners that help make Designer 777 work
Law Enforcement and related parties subject to a valid legal request
If we get acquired by or merge with another company, we’ll share your data with them as well. You’ll know if that happens because we will notify you.
How Do We Secure Your Data?
We don’t want to get into specifics, but we work hard to maintain industry standard protections such as firewalls, encryption, and other technologies in order to protect your data. Threats are always evolving, so our security protocols are always evolving to try to keep up with the bad actors. Because of this, we can’t guarantee that your data will always be 100% safe with Designer 777, but we promise we’ll keep changing and growing our protections.
How Long Do We Keep Your Data?
Right now, the Designer 777 community is growing, so we don’t delete your data unless you request it by choosing to leave the Designer 777 community. If you with to leave, simply delete the Designer 777 app from your phone. If you wish to also delete your data, contact us at the email below.
Children Under 13
We do not intentionally collect or maintain personal data from children under the age of 13.  If we discover you are under the age of thirteen, unfortunately you can’t keep using Designer 777 and we will have to delete your account and all of the data you’ve shared with us. If you become aware that personal data about a person under 13 has been provided to us, please immediately contact us using the details below.
Contact Us
If you need any help understanding this privacy policy and your rights, please reach out to us at
[email protected]
.
Miscellaneous
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we’ll let you know. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Designer 777 TERMS OF SERVICES