Sekar Media: Privacy Policy
Sekar Media
Saturday, January 20, 2018
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is in addition to any terms, conditions or policies agreed to between you and the store when you purchased and/or download our apps. We are not responsible for the store’s collection or use of your user data and information.
We respect and value your privacy. We do not collect personally identifiable information about users of our apps (your name, address, phone number, email address etc.).
We Comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Our mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 in violation of COPPA, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
What Third Parties Collect Via Our Apps
Few of our apps might use Google Analytics (third party scripts) that collect the following information and might (also) store such information as a cookie on the device you use to access our webpage:
Google Analytics:
Demographics (browser language, country, city);
System information (browser, OS, service provider);
Mobile (OS, service provider, screen resolution);
Site behaviour (which pages users visit, duration of visit);
How we use this information collected in our Games
We collect some anonymous usage information to help us improve our apps and services. We use third party analytics services that may collect data as a device type and OS, an app identifier, unique device identifiers, app session time, events and lengths. We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was last updated on April 26, 2017. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any changes to our policies, we will place a notice on our website or application.
Contacting Us
If you contact us with a question about our mobile apps or with a support question, we may receive your email address or other information you provide. We use these information only to answer your questions or provide support to you.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us at: senandungnet@yahoo.com
Posted by
Yazid
at
6:46 AM
Email This
BlogThis!
Share to Twitter
Share to Facebook
Share to Pinterest
Home
Blog Archive
▼
2018
(1)
▼
January
(1)
Privacy Policy
Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by
Blogger
.