GPG Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
GPG Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Great Puzzle Game. ("GPG") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of its online users ("users" or "user"). This Online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") has been crafted to inform users as to the ways Great Puzzle Game collects, stores, uses, and manages the information users provide during the use of any Great Puzzle Game or application ("Service"). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is only applicable to information collected from Great Puzzle Game through the use of the Service.
By using the Service, users are agreeing to the collection and use of their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Great Puzzle Game may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and Great Puzzle Game encourages users to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Information Collected and Used
Great Puzzle Game's primary objective in collecting users' information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service.
When users install any of the Great Puzzle Game games or applications, Great Puzzle Game may collect and record the information users provide voluntarily through the site where the games users install are released.
The types of personal information collected in accordance with the activities listed above may vary depending on the activities. This "personal information" is defined as information about users that can be used to contact or identify users. Personal information may include: (1) First name, last name, (2) Information about the users' profile, including without limitation the users' first, last and user names, and social networking site profile ID and icon, (3) email address, (4) phone number, and/or (5) credit or debit card information, or other payment details, depending on users' form of payment. Additionally, Great Puzzle Game may acquire information from users through (1) users' access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2) users' email to our customer support, and (3) users' purchase of a virtual product of any type. Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, Great Puzzle Game does not have access to users' payment details and billing information.
Great Puzzle Game may also invite users to share non-personal information about themselves which may include but is not limited to: (1) users' age or date of birth; (2) users' gender; (3) information about the hardware users may own; (4) users' favorite websites, friend information and fan pages; and (5) users' game play information such as their highest scores or game session duration (collectively referred to as "non-personal information"). If non-personal information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, Great Puzzle Game may combine the users' non-personal information with their personal information in an attempt to provide the users with a better user experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze how our Service is used.
In addition to information collected as described above, users may choose to share additional information about themselves throughout the Service, such as in games or on message boards. Any actions users perform with other players are considered public, and are at users' sole discretion. Any information users provide to Great Puzzle Game, and any information users choose to share about themselves as part of the use of any service, will be stored as entered.
Finally, any time users access the Service, Great Puzzle Game may collect aggregate information including but not limited to internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. Great Puzzle Game uses this information to better tailor the Service to users' interests, to provide users more efficient customer support, and to overall enhance the Service.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information users provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties except to provide products or services users have requested, when Great Puzzle Game has users' permission, or under the following circumstances:
Other Disclosure of Users' Personal Information
Users understand and agree that Great Puzzle Game may be required to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including but not limited to a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of the public. Note that Great Puzzle Game is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that Great Puzzle Game may receive.
Great Puzzle Game provides the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Great Puzzle Game under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use users' personal information to help Great Puzzle Game communicate with users about offers from Great Puzzle Game and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
Great Puzzle Game has a parent's permission to share the information if user is a child under age 13. Parents have the option of allowing Great Puzzle Game to collect and use their child's information without consenting to Great Puzzle Game sharing of this information with people and companies who may use this information for their own purposes.
Great Puzzle Game believes it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety Great Puzzle Game's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
Additionally, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to Great Puzzle Game's successor or assignee, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that Great Puzzle Game transfers to users' computer's hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user's computer and to "remember" things about the user's visit, such as the user's preferences or a user's name and password. The Service sends cookies to users' computers when users access or view content of an Great Puzzle Game game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to users' personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to users' interests, and making the Service easier to use. Users can disable cookies at any time, although users may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites. The fact that the Service links to a website or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that Great Puzzle Game endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. Great Puzzle Game is in no way responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites to which users choose to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of those websites when exiting the Service.
Changing or Deleting Users' Information
Users may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in users' profile page. If users completely delete all this information, users' account may become deactivated. If users would like Great Puzzle Game to delete their records in Great Puzzle Game's system, please contact Great Puzzle Game and Great Puzzle Game will attempt to accommodate users' request if Great Puzzle Game is not legally obligated to retain the record.
Security
Great Puzzle Game has put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure users' personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, Great Puzzle Game cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use users' personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so Great Puzzle Game discourages users from sending Great Puzzle Game personal information through these mediums.
Policy Regarding Children
The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and Great Puzzle Game does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If users are under 13, they may use and access Great Puzzle Game's game only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to Great Puzzle Game, he or she can contact us through e-mail listed below. If Great Puzzle Game learns that a child under 13 has provided Great Puzzle Game with personal information Great Puzzle Game will delete such information from its files as quickly as possible. Great Puzzle Game recognizes the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourages parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.
Contacting Us
If users have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Great Puzzle Game at lizhu9918@gmail.com
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse