Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 09/06/2020.
Data Controller: Judian
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our games, websites and related services, collectively referred here as our Services. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to new Privacy Policy.Your use of our Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. The Terms of Service are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with this privacy policy("this policy"),you must not play our games or use our Services.
Please read the following to learn more about how we use your personal data.
For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and any implementing legislation (the "GDPR"), Judian (referred to as "we", "us", or "our") will be the data controller responsible for any personal data we process.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, including those related to exercise any of your rights, please contact us by sending email to [contact@Judiangames.com] so we can reply to you more quickly.
1. Sharing of Your Data
We do not sell your personal data to third parties.
We may share your personal data with other players and users. Social features are a core component of our games.Other players and users may for example,see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
We may disclose data about you to organizations that provide a service to us, ensuring that they are contractually obligated to keep your personal data confidential and will comply with the GDPR and other relevant data protection laws.
We may share your data with the following types of service providers:
a) technical support providers who assist with our website and IT infrastructure,
b) third party software providers, including "software as a service" solution providers, where the provider hosts the relevant personal data on our behalf;
c) professional advisers such as solicitors, accountants, tax advisors, auditors and insurance brokers;
d) providers that help us generate and collate reviews in relation to our goods and services;
e) our advertising and promotional agencies and consultants and those organizations or online platforms selected by us to carry out marketing campaigns on our behalf and to advertise their own products or services that may be of interest to you;
f) service providers that assist us in providing our services; and/or
g) other members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group.
We may disclose your personal data as permitted by law in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violation of our intellectual property rights or other legal rights, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violation of our Terms of Service or other agreements, or as required by law.
2. The Data We Collect and Why
We may source, use and otherwise process your personal data in different ways. In all cases we are committed to protecting your personal data.
In each of the sections listed below, we describe how we obtain your personal data and how we treat it.
2.1 Individual Customers
We collect personal data related to users of our Services.
2.1.1 Sources of Your Personal Data
We may obtain your personal data from the following sources:
a) from you directly (through the game, website or online forms); and/or
b) from third parties, service providers that are assisting us in providing you with a service (including data analytics providers, operating systems, and internet services providers), or from your social networks accounts you used to sign in to our online services (for example, Facebook, Google, Game Circle, Weibo).
2.1.2 Personal Data that We Collect and Process
We may collect the following categories of personal data relating to our existing or prospective individual customers:
a) Contact information (such as name or nickname or email you submit as part of your register for our Services or log-in or via social networks);
b) Data about the build version, your account, game progress and in-game events, we create a specific ID for you when you use the Services, our partners may create their own IDs (such as a login ID when you choose to create an account);
c) Your IP address and unique mobile device identification numbers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address);
d) Data about your device, such as manufacturer, operating system, CPU, RAM, browser type and language, current time;
e) Broad location data (e.g. country or city-level location);
f) Precise geolocation data (GPS, with your consent);
g) Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies;
h) Data (such as your nickname, email,profile picture) we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook, Google or Weibo);
i) Purchase history, including details of orders (purchase ID, amount spent, currency, date, time, vouchers or offers used);
j) Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising);
k) Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment);
l) Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service;
m) Your messages to the Services (such as chat logs) any feedback you submitted about your experience with us; and/or
n) Other data you choose to give us.
As is true with most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include a unique identifier such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and non-personal information such as your browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you.
2.1.3 The Purpose for Collecting Your Data
As stated in our contract, we may use your personal data to provide you with our products or services (for example, play one of our online games and make online purchases).
Also, to protect our legitimate interest, we may use your personal data for the following purposes:
a)   To establish and manage our relationship (this covers making your experience with us personalized, dealing with complaints or maintaining your account with us) for the legitimate interest of account management, management reporting (including at an intra-group level), and exercising or defending legal claims.
b)   To learn about how our products and services are or may be used (for example, when we ask you to fill out surveys about the experience you had with us) for the legitimate interest of understanding the market in which we operate, and management reporting (including at an intra-group level).
c)   To ensure security (ensuring confidentiality of personal data or preventing unauthorized access and modifications to our systems) for the legitimate interest of managing security, risk and fraud prevention and management reporting (including at an intra-group level).
d)   To perform advertising or marketing services, including letting you know about our products, services and events that may be of interest to you by email or other forms of electronic communication for the legitimate interest of promoting our goods and services, and management reporting (including at an intra-group level).
If you object to us using your personal data for the above purposes, including direct marketing, please contact us by sending email to [contact@Judiangames.com]
Where we use your email to communicate marketing information to you, we will seek your prior consent where required to do so by law.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 16 or whatever is the age by law where anyone access the services or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. When we collect personal information, we do not know the age of our players. Since we cannot verify the authenticity of your age, your self-reported age will be deemed as the basis for judgment. If you are under 16 or whatever is the age by law where you access the services , please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 16 or the age by law may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 16, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 16 or the age by law, please contact us.
2.1.4 How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data
We will process your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected in connection with the provision of service to you, unless we have a legal right or obligation to retain the data for a longer period, or the data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
2.2 Corporate Customers, Business Partners and Vendors
We may collect personal data related to employees, directors, authorized signatories, or other individuals associated with our existing or prospective corporate customers, business partners, and vendors.
2.2.1 Sources of Personal Data
We may obtain your personal data from the following sources:
a) from you directly,
b) from a company that employs you, if you are an employee of our existing or prospective customer, business partner, or vendor,
c) during networking events that we have either hosted, or sponsored, or attended, including from entities conducting network events; and/or
d) from publicly available sources and social media networks(for example, your company website or social media sites, such as LinkedIn).
2.2.2 Personal Data that We Collect and Process
We may collect the following categories of personal data relating to our existing or prospective customers’, business partners’, and vendors’ employees, officers, authorized signatories, and other associated individuals:
a) name;
b) business address;
c) business email address;
d) business telephone number; and/or
e) job title.
As is true with most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include a unique identifier such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and non-personal information such as your browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you.
2.2.3 The Purpose for Collecting Your Data
To protect our legitimate interest, we may use your personal data for the following purposes:
a)   To provide you with our products or services or receive products or services from you for the legitimate interest of efficiently fulfilling our contractual and legal obligations and management reporting (including at an intra-group level).
b)   To establish and manage our relationship for the legitimate interest of efficiently fulfilling our contractual and legal obligations, account management, understanding the market in which we operate, management reporting (including at an intra-group level), and exercising or defending legal claims.
c)   To ensure security (ensuring confidentiality of personal data or preventing unauthorized access and modifications to our systems) for the legitimate interest of managing security, risk and fraud prevention and management reporting (including at an intra-group level).
d)   To learn about how our products and services are or may be used for the legitimate interest of understanding the market in which we operate, and management reporting (including at an intra-group level).
e)   To perform advertising or marketing services, including letting you know about our products, services and events that may be of interest to you by email or other forms of electronic communication for the legitimate interest of promoting our goods and services, and management reporting (including at an intra-group level).
If you object to us using your personal data for the above purposes, including direct marketing, please contact us by sending email to [contact@Judiangames.com]
Where we use your email to communicate marketing information to you we will seek your prior consent where required to do so by law.
2.2.4 How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data
We will process your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected in connection with your business relationship with us, unless we have a legal right or obligation to retain the data for a longer period, or the data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
2.3 Website Visitors
2.3.1 Sources of Personal Data
We may obtain your personal data from the following sources:
a) from you directly (for example, at the time of subscribing to any services offered on our website, including but not limited to email mailing lists, interactive services, posting material); and/or
b) from your device or browser through internet service providers, operating systems and platforms, and data analytics providers.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
2.3.2 Personal Data that We Collect and Process
a) browser type;
b) data on the use of our website (for example, pages visited, geographical location, time spent on the website, online transactions);
c) cookie data;
d) preferences regarding online marketing; and/or
e) IP address.
As is true with most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include a unique identifier such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and non-personal information such as your browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you.
2.3.3 The Purpose for Collecting Your Data
To protect our legitimate interest, we may use your personal data for the following purposes:
a)   To provide our website services to you for the legitimate interest of website management, promoting our goods and services, and account management.
b)   To establish and manage our relationship for the legitimate interest of understanding the market in which we operate, management reporting (including at an intra-group level), and account management.
c)   To learn about our website(s) users’ browsing patterns and the performance of our website(s), including to verify or maintain the quality of, and improve, our website, products and services for the legitimate interest of website management.
d)   To ensure security (including ensuring confidentiality of personal data, preventing unauthorised access and modifications to our systems and otherwise maintaining the security of personal data) for the legitimate interest of managing security, risk and crime prevention, and management reporting (including at an intra-group level).
e)   To perform advertising or marketing services, including letting you know about our products, services and events that may be of interest to you by email or other forms of electronic communication for the legitimate interest of promoting our goods and services, and management reporting (including at an intra-group level).
f)   To learn about how our products or services may be used including to verify or maintain the quality of, and improve, our products and services for the legitimate interest of understanding the market in which we operate and management reporting (including at an intra-group level).
If you object to us using your personal data for the above purposes, including direct marketing, please contact us by sending email to [contact@Judiangames.com]
Where we use cookies or similar technologies we will seek your prior consent where required to do so by law.
Where we use your email to communicate marketing information to you we will seek your prior consent where required to do so by law.
2.3.4 How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data
We will keep your data only for as long as your account is active or only for as needed to provide you the Services unless deleted in accordance with your request or as otherwise required by law. The locations of servers for the game services include:
(1) the European Union, in which the GDPR (namely"the General Data Protection Regulation" shall govern our services conducted as stipulated in this Privacy Policy;
(2) the United States, in which the CCPA (short for "the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018") and the COPPA (short for "Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act") shall govern our services conducted as stipulated in this Privacy Policy;and
(3) Japan; Korea;Vietnam;Taiwan.
You acknowledge and agree that your data will be processed on our servers which may not be located in your country of residence and can be accessed by our support, engineering and/or our affiliates around the world. No matter where our servers are located, we will make great efforts to take the appropriate safeguards to guarantee your rights in conformity with this Privacy Policy and any applicable laws.
In the case you request to remove or delete your personal data, we will retain your data as long as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce the agreements between you and us. Please note that the removal or deletion of any of your data may result in the termination of some of our applicable services.
3. Transfers of Personal Data Outside the EU/European Economic Area(EEA)
We share your personal data with our affiliates and partners in the EU/EEA and outside the EU/EEA. Where a data transfer outside the EU/EEA is not covered by an EU Commission adequacy decision, we rely on lawful safeguards referred to in Article 46 GDPR. This mainly includes EU Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses which we enhanced by supplementary security measures such as ancillary individual risk-assessments, additional contractual safeguards and technical safeguards including additional encryption or pseudonymisation, to enable International transfers with Judian affiliates and partners outside the EU/EEA. Please feel free to contact us by sending email to contact@Judiangames.com for additional information on third country data transfers as well as our safeguards and supplementary security measures.
We share personal data with external vendors or service providers or suppliers that we engage to perform services or functions on our behalf and under our instructions. Where these vendors are located within the EU, we ensure that they are contractually obligated to comply with the EU data protection rules. We also ensure in our contracts with these organizations that they only Process Personal Data in accordance with our instructions and in order to provide the agreed services and protect the integrity and confidentiality of your personal data entrusted to them.
We may also disclose personal data to our advisers, consultants, law enforcement and other public authorities (such as tax and social security bodies), the police, prosecutors, courts and tribunals. All these recipients are themselves responsible to comply with the EU data protection rules.
Some of the vendors that we engage to are located outside the European Economic Area. Where the EU Commission did not recognize them as locations providing adequate protection for personal data, we rely on lawful safeguards as described above.
4. Your Rights
You are entitled to obtain data from us on how we handle your personal data, to see copies of all personal data held by us and to request that your personal data is amended, corrected or deleted from our systems. You can also limit, restrict or object to the processing of your data.
We do not carry out any decision-making based solely on automated processing, including profiling.
If you gave us your consent to use your data, e.g. so that we can send you marketing emails or display personalized ads, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Please note that even if you withdraw your consent, we can still rely on the consent you gave as the lawful basis for processing your personal data before you withdrew your consent.
You can object to our use of your personal data where we stated we rely on our legitimate business interests to do so. We explained the legitimate interests we rely on in sections "The Purpose for Collecting Your Data" above.
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We keep the Privacy Policy under regular review and places any updates on this page. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time as required by changes in:
laws and regulations;
our data processing activities or policies;
our services or its features;
advances in technology
While we will inform you and seek your consent whenever necessary, we recommend you consult this policy each time you use our service.
6. Contact Us
If you would like to exercise any of your rights in section 4, have any questions, or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us by sending email to contact@Judiangames.com
7. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Policy and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of People's Republic of China without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Policy shall be submitted to Shanghai International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission/Shanghai International Arbitration Center("SHIAC") for arbitration, which shall be conducted in accordance with SHIAC's arbitration rules in effect at the time of applying for arbitration. The seat of arbitration shall be Shanghai, China.The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be Chinese.The arbitral award is final and binding upon both parties.