Master Game Builders
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Master Game Builders
Master Game Builders
Privacy Policy
Policy
Background:
The privacy of your personal and non-personal information is afforded the highest level of importance by Act Games.
We will strictly comply with all relevant legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our website.
Collection of Information:
We will only collect information Personal and non-personal where it is reasonably necessary to do so for the conduct of our business. Any collection of personal information by us will be fair and lawful and will not be intrusive.We may collect information regarding the device you use to access the software, applications and/or services, including (where applicable) its model, operating system, screen resolution and other technical information.
Use and Disclosure of information:
In general, we will not use or disclose personal information about you otherwise than for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you, for any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, for any other purpose authorized by law, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorized by you. This may include disclosures to organizations that provide us with professional advice, such as solicitors, accountants and business advisors.
Below are provider names of some of the third party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
• Admob: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
• Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
• Chartboost: https://chartboost.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy?mobile_site=true
Advertising
By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent any misuse, theft, loss, alteration, destruction, unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, except in the delivery of this game, unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.
Reading your call state
We use your call state information to disable or enable the game sounds and activities.
If you have any question regarding our privacy policy contact us @: mastergamebuilders@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse