.:: TREND ENTERTAINMENT GAMES ::.
TREND ENTERTAINMENT GAMES PRIVACY POLICY
Trend Entertainment Games respect the privacy of its users as the topmost level of importance. We
            are dedicated to guard the User's information, be it yours or your child's. We
            strictly follow all relevant legal requirements. We have the right to change
            our Privacy Policy at any time without giving any notice to you. For users
            under 18 you must have your guardians permission before giving us any personal
            information
Consent:
By Accessing or Using our Apps you
            agree to Privacy Policy in which we will collect your personal and non-personal
            information
Please note:
            if you disagree to any term provided herein, you may not access or
            use the Service.
Direct
            Marketing & Advertising:
We accept suitable advertisements from Third Party
                advertisers. Our game may contain advertising and links to other websites of
                interest, we are not to be responsible for the protection and privacy of any
                information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy
                statement does not govern such sites as Trend Entertainment Games do not have control on
                those type of website .Note that if you click on any of these
                advertisements, these advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking
                technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about you.
Non
                Personal Information:
We may collect Non personal information which does not reveal any
                    identification of a user. The Information consists of technical information,
                    behavioural information, activity of the User on the Site/App/Game, type of
                    operating system, language, etc
.
Non Personal Information collected by
                    Third Parties may include the following technical information:
Type of
                            operation system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.)
Language
                            (e.g. English)
Device
                            Vendor Name
Geo-location: Only
                            general location may be collected. No street name or city/town name is
                            collected.
Type of
                            browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.)
Screen
                            resolution
IP Address,IMEI, Advertisement IDs etc.
CPU Type, Storage, Firmware, Carrier etc.
Personal
                    Information
This type of
                    information can reveal the identification of an individual user which can be
                    sensitive in nature. After installing game/app or via web your IP address and Advertisement ID is
                    automatically and only collected which is used to enhance user experience. No other personal information is collected automatically. Please note your credit card information is not stored or processed by us, if you are using our apps and purchasing virtual items only Google or Apple process your credit card information and all other information related to your credit card.
Your
                    personal information is gathered only with your CONSENT and APPROVAL.
                    Information is obtained only when you ACCEPT the terms and privacy policy
                    consent dialogue within the game.
Reason
                    of Information Collection
*
Non Personal Information is
                        collected for research purposes in order to improve and enhance our App/game.
*
Personal Information like your email or Facebook ID is used to Reply you when you contact through support channels(Facebook/Email). If you dont
contact us we done have access to this information.
*
Location/IP is gathered for the
                                purpose to show you Ads according to your location.
We use the
                                information we collect about you/your device to deliver best services to you.
                                Such use by us and by our Partners may include:
Delivering
                                Our Services:
We try
                                    to Develop and deliver new and improved product, service and games with latest
                                    updates and requirements by analysing your data
Displaying
                                    Advertisements:
Displaying third party advertisements in our Apps and showing advertisements
                                        for our Apps in other publisherÍs apps for better user experience
Cross-promotion:
Meaning we may promote one of our
                                        Apps/Games while you are playing any other App/Games of ours.
Analytics
                                        and Research:
User
                                            data like IP address and Advertisement IDs are collected for Research purpose or for analysing game so that we can
                                            improve according to user requirements. Demographic data is collected to know
                                            our users country which helps us in creating reports in order to analysing any
                                            changing required for a specific country.
Below are
                                            provider names of some of the third party analytics and advertising services we
                                            use. Please see the links below to learn more about the privacy policy of our
                                            third-party service providers.
Admob:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Firebase:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
IronSource:
http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
ConsoliAds:
http://www.consoliads.com/privacy-policy/
Vungle:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
AdColony:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Information
                                            Sharing:
As part of our regular business
                                                conduct, we may share information with companies or individuals providing
                                                services or acting on our behalf, such as companies providing technological or
                                                fulfilment services or acting as our marketing partners.
Unless we
                                                    tell you first (such as at the time we collect information from you), or unless
                                                    it is part of a specific program or feature in which you have elected to
                                                    participate, we do not share personally identifiable information that we have
                                                    collected (such as name or email address) with other, third-party companies for
                                                    their own commercial or marketing purposes.rantee that unauthorized access will never take place.
Security:
We take a great care
                                                    in supporting the security of the Service and your information and in averting
                                                    unauthorized access to it through industry standard technologies and internal
                                                    procedures, including through the use of encryption mechanisms. However, we
                                                    cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never take place.
In
                                                    App Purchase (IAP):
We provide some features or item to be bought or
                                                unlocked as in game or app purchases through the process given by the app store
                                                (Google, Apple etc.). We take it for granted that any IAP made by you or
                                                your child is with your full knowledge, understanding and consent. We do
                                                not force or fool the user to make any In App Purchase so the company would not
                                                    be responsible for any refund or claim whatsoever regarding IAP.
Children's Privacy: (COPPA Complaint):
Most of our services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not direct them to anyone under 13. We abide by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). If a user gets identified as a child under this prescribed age within the Services, We will not collect, store or use any information of such user. Trend Entertainment Games also does not allow third party partners to access personally identifiable data from users under 13. If Trend Entertainment Games received personal information and discovered that was provided by a child under the age of 13, We will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
GDPR & CCPA Compliance:
While playing our games you will be asked to give us consent for showing you persoalized adsvertisements and inhance your experience using your IP address and other identifiers. If you do not give us consent, your information will not be processed which eventually may lead to poor user experience.
Deletion
                                                    of Information:
Information
                                                        when not required will be deleted by us and we will also make sure that
                                                        information when not required is deleted by our third Party Partners. If you
                                                        wish to delete your information or for any other query you can email us at
support@trendentertainmentgames.com
We reserve
                                                        the rights to change our privacy policies any time, without informing you
                                                        please frequently visit this page. This was last updated on December 2020.