Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Privacy Crown Arts
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
October 23, 2018
Facebook Ads Privacy
Policy
：
click and jump to
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Crown Arts
values your
privacy
.
This Privacy Policy informs you of your
choices and our practices regarding any information you provided to us and we
collect
.
This privacy statement
applies to
Crown Arts
domain on google paly
store and its products
.
Please take a moment
to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know at
crownartstudioarts@gmail.com  if you have any questions .
PRIVACY
POLICY:
What types of
information are collected?
We distinguish between
two types of information:
personal
and non-personal information.
Personal information
We collect no personal information about you
or your children through our apps.
Non-personal information
We collect and use non-personal information
(Analytical Data) during the use of our apps:
1. Are there any errors in the app? Where and when do they occur?
2. How long do users use our apps?
3. How do our users use our apps, which features are most popular and which
ones are used less.
This helps us to gain a better understanding of our users, to draw conclusions
for future concepts, and, ultimately, to develop better apps. In order to
collect this information, we use Google Analytics.
The privacy policies for these services are available here:
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
COPPA/Children's privacy
Our products respect the privacy of children. We comply with the guidelines set
forth in the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not
knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
In the event that a user identifies himself/herself as a child under the age of
13 through a support request or feedback, we will not collect, store or use and
will delete in a secure manner any personal information of such a user.
COPPA Website: http://www.coppa.org
Our apps do not request or handle sensitive
users or device information.We do not sell or share users personal data with
any third parties.
Some of our apps require permission to access
the device network state. This is used by various SDKs to display ads inside
the app. The ads displayed are for the purpose of monetization.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
1.
Changes to the Privacy Policy Company reserves
the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page
frequently.
2.
In case of any material change, we will make
reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service.
3.
If you have any questions feel free to send us
an email to crownartstudioarts
@gmail.com
We will make sure to
get back to you as soon as possible.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Unow22
16 October 2021 at 17:23
It has over 80 different metabolites, which linger in the body much longer than THC itself. Drug tests will look for traces of these metabolites in your system. Some of the more robust metabolites include 11-OH-THC and THCCOOH. Eventually, your liver will break down these elements and excrete them via urine and stool. Other than the different methods of drug testing and frequency of use, there are a few other factors that will play a major role when determining how long weed will stay in your system. The three major ones being: • Metabolism • Body mass (BMI) • THC levels in your system The amount of time it takes for THC to leave your body varies from person to person. Visit: https://www.urineworld.com/
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Crown Arts
Visit profile
Archive
October 2018
1
Report Abuse