Dodreams terms of service 2021/11
TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: Nov 24, 2022
The following terms of service (the "
Terms
") constitutes an agreement between you (“
user
”, “
you
”) and Dodreams Oy, having its address at Panimokatu 2 A, 00580 Helsinki, Finland, (business ID 2729470-7), email:
customer.support@dodreams.com
("
Dodreams
", "
we
," "
our
" or "
us
"). These Terms govern your use of our games provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android), online discussion boards and chats related to the games, websites (including
www.dodreams.com
) and other related services (collectively the “
Services
”).
Please read these Terms carefully before you start to use the Services. By using the Services (or installing any game or clicking to accept or agree to the Terms when this option is made available to you), you accept and agree to be legally bound by these Terms and our Privacy Policy, found on this web page
(“
Privacy Policy
”)
, which is hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference.
No person under the age of 13 or who is a minor under his/her local legislation is eligible to use the Service. By accessing or otherwise using the Service, you represent and warrant that you are i) age 13 or older, ii) eligible to use the Service and iii) you understand and agree to these Terms. In the event that you are of the age of 13 or older but a minor in your country, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms.
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. USE OF THE SERVICES IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED.
YOUR ACCESS TO THE SERVICES
Subject to your agreement and continuing compliance with these Terms and any other relevant policies of Dodreams, Dodreams grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable and limited license to access and use the Services for your own private and non-commercial purposes. You agree not to use the Services for any other purpose.
Except as specifically allowed pursuant to these Terms, you are not entitled to use, copy, store, modify, transfer, distribute, sell, rent or otherwise make publicly available your account, the Services, a part thereof or the material contained therein in any way. Your use of the Services is subject to these Terms and any reasonable instructions provided by Dodreams from time to time.
You represent and warrant that the information you provide or provided in connection with registration to and use of the Services (such as your contact information) is true and accurate. You must keep the password required for the use of the Services (including without limitation password and other means to access your account or user ID) secret and not disclose it to anyone else. You may not assign or transfer your user ID to a third party and you may not allow a third party to use the Services with your user ID. If a third party has obtained your password or you have a reason to believe that a third party has obtained your password, you must immediately inform Dodreams. You are responsible for actions taken by using your user ID until you have informed us of the loss of the password and we have had a reasonable time to prevent the use of the Services with the user ID.
No devices or connections necessary for the use of the Services are provided subject to these Terms. For the sake of clarity, you are responsible for purchasing, maintaining and updating such devices and connections (including data security) and for any costs related thereto. If you use services of third parties in connection with our Services (for example, social media services, wireless data etc.), you must comply with applicable third party terms of agreement (in addition to these Terms).
USER CONDUCT AND ENFORCEMENT RIGHTS
Dodreams reserves the right to terminate or restrict your access to the Services or a part thereof (including the online discussion board and in-game chat function) permanently or temporarily without prior notice if you violate these Terms or if you abuse the Service or act against the policies determined and informed by us. Dodreams is entitled to prevent access to the Services if we have reason to believe that (i) you are engaged in illegal activity; (ii) compromise privacy or data security of other users', the Services or Dodreams; or (iii) if Dodreams receives a notice that Your password has gotten into the hands of a third party. Furthermore, we may delete or amend your game progression that has been achieved in violation of these Terms, our policies or otherwise abusing the Services (to put you to a position where you would have been without such violation or abuse).
You agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and User Content (as defined below in Section 4) while using the Services, and for any consequences thereof. You agree that you will not:
use our Services to engage in illegal, abusive, harmful, offensive or otherwise toxic behavior,
such as by repeatedly posting content on unsolicited basis or otherwise encumbering the Services, our customer service or other users;
use cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any unauthorized third-party software designed to modify or interfere with the Services;
attack, induce a disruption on or try to gain unauthorized access to other users’ accounts or the servers used by the Services;
intentionally exploit any in-game bugs (for example, to gain advantage for yourself or harm other users or otherwise interfere with the intended gameplay);
disrupt or otherwise adversely affect the normal flow of the Services or act in a manner that may negatively affect other users' experience when using the Services;
pose as or claim to be another person, whether this person be another user, an employee of Dodreams or a third party where possible through the use of any kind of virtual identity
including, but not limited to, in-game nicknames, in game chat or online discussion board avatars;
attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or modify any part of our Services; and/or
use our Services in any other way not permitted by these Terms or in conflict with the spirit or intent of these Terms.
If you notice or suspect other users cheating or if you identify a bug or error in our Services, please report it to our support team as soon as possible by email
customer.support@dodreams.com
.
We reserve the right to delete your account if no activity is conducted by you in relation to the account for 180 or more days. In such event, you may no longer be able to access and/or use any Virtual Items (as defined below) associated with that account and no refund will be offered to you in relation to the same.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OWNERSHIP RIGHTS
Dodreams owns and retains all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including without limitation, all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, proprietary rights, patents, gameplay videos and recordings made using the Services, titles, computer codes, audiovisual effects, themes, characters, character names, stories, dialog, settings, artwork, skins, sound effects, musical works, moral rights, whether registered or not. Unless expressly authorized by law, the Services may not be copied, reproduced or distributed in any manner or medium, in whole or in part, without prior written consent of Dodreams. Dodreams reserves all rights not expressly granted to you herein.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, you acknowledge and agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that appears in the Services, including without limitation the gameplay videos and recordings made using the Services, Virtual Items (i.e. virtual goods or currency appearing or originating in any of our games), whether earned in a game or purchased from us (directly or through a platform like Apple or Google), the game account itself, or any other attributes associated with an account or stored on the Services.
USER CONTENT
“User Content”
means any communications, images, characters, gameplay maps, videos (including videos of your gameplay), screenshots, sounds and all the material, data, and
information that you create, upload or transmit through or in connection with our game client or the Services, or that other users upload or transmit, including without limitation any in-game chat text or online discussion board text, pictures or uploaded files. By transmitting or submitting any User Content while using or otherwise in connection with the Services, you affirm, represent and warrant that such transmission or submission (a) is accurate and not confidential; (b) is not in violation of any laws, contractual restrictions or other third party rights, and that you have permission from any third party whose personal information or intellectual property is comprised in the User Content; (c) does not contain software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (d) does not consist of any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, 'junk mail', 'spam', 'chain letters', 'pyramid schemes' or any other form of solicitation; (e) could not reasonably be viewed as unlawful, harmful, harassing, defamatory, libelous, obscene or otherwise objectionable; and (f) you acknowledge and agree that any of your personal information within such content will at all times be processed by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We have the right at any time to remove uploaded User Content from our Services if we decide in our sole discretion that it results in or from a breach of any part of these Terms, or that it may bring us or our Services into disrepute. However, you acknowledge that we do not actively monitor User Content that is contributed by people that use our Services and we make no undertaking to do so.
In exchange for use of the Services, you hereby grant Dodreams a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sub-licensable worldwide right and license to use your User Content in any way and for any purposes including, but not limited to, the right to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, perform, display, publish, broadcast, transmit, or otherwise communicate to the public by any current or future means and to distribute, sell and practice, in any way, your User Content without any further notice or compensation to you of any kind.
Where not expressly prohibited by law, you hereby waive any moral rights of paternity, publication, reputation, or attribution with respect to our and other players’ use and enjoyment of your User Content in connection with the Services and related goods and services under applicable law.
For clarity, the licenses granted by you to Dodreams in this Section 4, and the foregoing waiver of any applicable moral rights, survives any termination of these Terms.
You understand that aside from the explicit principles and processes for promoting your privacy and protecting your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, all User Content provided by you to us and by way of the Services to other users, including without limitation any in-game chat text, might be publicly available information accessible by other users or third parties. We recommend that you always consider what kind of information to include in User Content published through the Services.
FEES AND PURCHASE TERMS
Purchases
In the Services you may purchase, with “real world” money, a limited, personal, non transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use (a) “virtual currency”, including but not limited to virtual cash or “gems”, all for use in our games and (b) “virtual in-game items” (together with “virtual currency” collectively
“Virtual Items”
). You are only allowed to purchase Virtual Items from us or our authorized partners through the Services, and not in any other way.
We reserve the right to control, regulate, change or remove any Virtual Items without any liability to you. The transfer of Virtual Items to other users is prohibited except where expressly authorized in the Services. Other than as expressly authorized in the Services, you shall not sell, redeem or otherwise transfer Virtual Items to any person or entity, including but not limited to Dodreams, another user or any third party.
Please note that when you purchase a license to use Virtual Items from us, you acknowledge and agree that we will begin the provision of the Virtual Items to you promptly once your purchase is complete and therefore your right of withdrawal is lost at this point.
Payment of Fees
You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an account registered to you. We may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered through the Services at any time. All claims arising in connection with purchases shall be directly addressed towards the application platform operators (Apple in the case of iOS and Google in the case of Android), and you understand and agree that Dodreams shall not have any obligation and will not refund any purchases on its own.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY MANDATORY LAWS, DODREAMS IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY.
UPDATES TO THE SERVICE
We may update our Services (for example, games) and subsequently require that you accept updates to the Services and to our games you have installed on your devices. You acknowledge and agree that we may update the Services and games made by us, with or without notifying you. You may need to update third party software from time to time in order to receive the
Services and play our games.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. DODREAMS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT INTERRUPTIONS OR ERROR-FREE. FURTHER, DODREAMS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE CONTENT IN THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE DATA, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION EXCHANGE MEDIA ON OR CONNECTED WITH THE SERVICES.
Dodreams shall not be liable for direct or indirect damages caused by a possible delay, a change or loss of a service, product or material transferred through the Service. Dodreams is not liable for direct or indirect damages caused by interruptions and disturbances including loss or delay of data or changes in data due to technical defects or maintenance. Further, Dodreams disclaims any liability for direct or indirect damages caused to you by harmful programs (viruses, worms or the like) or incorrect content in the Services. Dodreams bears no liability for damages caused by you or by a third party.
Dodreams’s maximum liability for direct damages caused to you or your property is at all times limited to the amount paid by you for the use of the Services or part of it during the twelve months immediately preceding the event that gave reasons for the claim. Dodreams is never liable for any indirect or unforeseeable damages caused to you at any given circumstances.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain types of damages. Accordingly, some of the above disclaimers and limitations may not apply to you. To the extent that Dodreams may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any warranty or limit its liability as set forth herein, the scope of such warranty and the extent of the liability of Dodreams shall be the minimum permitted under such applicable law.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Dodreams and its officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs, losses and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or resulting from: (i) your use of the Services or content; (ii) User Content you submit, post to or transmit through or in connection with the Services; (iii) any actual or alleged breach by you of these Terms; and/or
(iv) your violation of any rights of another.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS
Dodreams reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove these Terms or portions thereof, the Privacy Policy and other relevant Dodreams policies at any time by posting the amended terms on the Services. You will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the Services. If we make bigger changes, we may also ask you for acceptance for the amended terms. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the then-current version of our Terms, the Privacy Policy, or any other policy, rules or codes of conduct relating to your use of the Services, your license to use the Services shall immediately terminate, and you must immediately stop using the Services.
TERMINATION OF SERVICE
Dodreams reserves the right to stop offering and/or supporting the Services or a particular game or part of the Services at any time, at which point your license to use such a Service or a part thereof will be automatically terminated. In such an event, Dodreams shall not be required to provide refunds, benefits or other compensation to users in connection with such discontinued Services, unless otherwise stipulated in mandatory laws. Termination of your account can include disabling your access to the Services or any part thereof including any content you submitted or others submitted.
You may terminate your account at any time and for any reason by contacting us at
customer.support@dodreams.com
and informing us that you wish to terminate your account.
JURISDICTION, CHOICE OF LAW AND FORUM
If a dispute arises between you and Dodreams, we strongly encourage you to first contact us directly to seek a resolution by contacting us at
customer.support@dodreams.com
.
To the extent permitted by law, all disputes between you and Dodreams shall be governed by the laws of Finland, without regard to conflict of law provisions. You agree that any claim or dispute you may have against Dodreams must be resolved exclusively by a court located in Helsinki, Finland.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST DODREAMS ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
Additional Terms for App Store Apps
If you downloaded the Service from the Apple App Store, you agree to use the Service only on any iOS devices that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in the App Store Terms of Service.
If you downloaded the Service from any app store or distribution platform, including Apple App Store, Google Play or Amazon Appstore, (“
Platform
”), you acknowledge and agree that: (i) these Terms are concluded between you and Dodreams and not with the Platform. Dodreams is solely responsible for the Services; (ii) the Platform has no obligation to provide maintenance or support services regarding the Services; (iii) in the event of any failure of the Services to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the Platform, and the Platform will refund the purchase price for the Service to you (if applicable) and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Platform will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever regarding the Services. Any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses attributable to any failure of the Services to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Dodreams; (iv) the Platform is not responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have relating to the Services or your possession or use of the Services, including product liability claims; claims that the Services fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement and claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation; (v) the Platform and their subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms as related to your license of the Services, and that, upon your acceptance of these Terms, the Platform will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms as related to your license of the Services against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof; and (vi) you agree to comply with all U.S. and foreign export laws and regulations to ensure that neither the Services nor any technical data related thereto nor any direct product thereof is exported or re-exported directly or indirectly in violation of, or used for any purposes prohibited by, such laws and regulations. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country and you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Copyright Infringement
Dodreams respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects the players and the users of the Services to do the same. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied or used in a manner that constitutes copyright infringement, you may notify the copyright agent of Dodreams as set forth below.
To file a copyright infringement notice, you will need to send a written communication that includes the following: (i) a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner; (ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an e-mail address; (v) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed.
Please send your copyright infringement notice to the attention of the copyright agent of Dodreams as follows: Dodreams Oy, Attn: Legal / Copyright Agent, Panimokatu 2 A, 00580 Helsinki, Finland or by email:
admin@dodreams.com
.
Assignment
Dodreams may assign or delegate these Terms and/or Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent. You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Terms or Privacy Policy without the prior written consent of Dodreams, and any unauthorized assignment and delegation by you is ineffective.
Supplemental Policies
Dodreams may publish additional policies related to specific services. Your right to use such services is subject to those specific policies and these Terms.
Entire Agreement
These Terms, any supplemental policies and any documents expressly incorporated by reference herein (including Privacy Policy), set out the entire agreement between you and Dodreams concerning its Services and they replace all earlier agreements and understandings between you and Dodreams.
No Waiver
The failure of Dodreams to exercise or enforce any of its rights under these terms does not waive its right to enforce such right. Any waiver of such rights shall only be effective if it is in writing and signed by Dodreams.
Notices
Dodreams may give notices to users of the Services, at its option, by posting a message on the Services, by email or conventional mail or by any other means by which users may obtain actual knowledge thereof. Notices by users to Dodreams must be given by email or conventional mail. Notices to Dodreams by email should be sent to
admin@dodreams.com
. Notices to Dodreams by conventional mail should be sent to: Dodreams Oy, at Panimokatu 2 A, 00580 Helsinki, Finland. Notices by a user to Dodreams will not change these Terms unless the change is expressly accepted in writing by an authorized officer of Dodreams.
Privacy Policy
Last upd
ated:
May 2, 2022
Dodreams Oy
respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, share and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect through our games, like the Drive Ahead! mobile game ("
Games
") and websites, like www.dodreams.com ("
Website
"). The Games and Websites are jointly called the “
Services
”.
If you use our Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy and processing of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
What personal information we collect and where?
We collect the following categories of personal information about you through the Services:
Information that you provide voluntarily
Certain parts of our Services may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: for example, we may ask you to provide your contact details in order to register an account with us, to begin playing Games, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us. The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
Specifically, the information we collect directly from you may include information like (i) your name; (ii) your email address, phone number and other contact information; (iii) your user name or any other name you use to identify yourself in any Services; and (iv) other personal information required in order to help you with any queries or support matters you may need assistance with via our forums or customer support service.
Information that we collect automatically
When you use our Services, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. This information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, advertising identifiers, operating system, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information. We may also collect information about how you use the Services and how your device has interacted with our Services, including the Games played and the pages of our Website accessed.
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the players of our Games and visitors who come to our Website, where they come from, and what content or features on our Games and Website is of interest to them. We use this information to serve interest-based advertising to you, for our internal analytics purposes, to prevent fraudulent behavior in our Services and to improve the quality and relevance of our Services to our players and visitors.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Cookies and similar tracking technology” below.
Information that we obtain from third party sources
We may receive personal information about you from third party sources, like sign-in and social networking services.
You can log in to our Games using sign-in services such as Apple Game Center or Google Play. We warmly recommend that you use these sign-in services. Otherwise it may be impossible for us to help you to transfer your game progression to your new device. If you choose to use these sign-in services, we receive and process your account ID number and user name of the sign-in service.
Our Games may also include some social media interaction tools.
Why we process your personal information and on what legal basis?
We collect and use your personal information for the following purposes. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information is also described below.
For the performance of the contract between us and you
For the performance of the contract we collect necessary personal information to
create accounts and user profiles and allow players to play our Games and use our Services;
verify and confirm payments;
provide and deliver products and services you request; and
send you related information, including confirmations and administrative messages.
To provide you with optimal Games and Services
To customize and provide you with optimal Games and Services we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary personal information to
update and develop user profiles
operate our Games and Services;
analyze, develop and improve Games, other Services and user experience;
manage our relationship with you;
identify and suggest connections with other users of our Games;
respond to your comments and questions, resolve the problems and provide other kind of player support;
analyze, profile and customize your use of the Games and Services;
provide you our offers in our Games and Services as well as in other web sites and services, or by email;
send you related information, including technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
enable you to communicate with other players; and
link or combine information with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Show you personalized advertisements
We may deliver, enable, target and optimize advertising and promotional information based on how you play our game. You can revoke your consent anytime from the settings of our Games. You can also "opt out" of targeted advertising from your mobile device’s settings. Please note that if you decide not to give your consent or choose to "opt out", it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising. It just means that the advertising you see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests and may be less relevant to you.
In order to opt out of targeted advertisement, follow these instructions
Launch Drive Ahead! game
Navigate to the settings menu by clicking on the gear icon.
Click on Ad Settings
Select your preferred option from consent popup
Prevent fraud and ensure acceptable use of our Services
To identify, prevent, and investigate fraud and provide a fair, equal and enjoyable game experience to players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary personal information to
analyze use of Games and Services and the behavior of players to detect frauds and other misbehavior;
determine accounts or players connected to fraudulent schemes or other misbehavior; and
take actions against fraudulent or misbehaving players.
Please note that our Services offer communication methods like chats or community forums. You need to be aware that any information you provide by these means (also your chat text) is monitored and may be read, collected, and used by others who access the information, for example, other players and us.
With whom do we share your personal information with?
We may disclose your personal information to the following recipients or categories of recipients:
Advertising and social media partners
who use advertising identifiers, cookies, APIs, and/or SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user and device related data and information. These partners are listed below, and they can use your personal information and other data for their own purposes. These partners operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and use practices, use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies. The opt-out instructions for these Partners’ services are also included in their privacy policies. These are the partners who collect personal information through our Services and use the information according to their own policies:
In-game advertisements:
Unity Ads
,
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
AdColony
,
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Ironsource
,
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-polic
AdMob, Firebase and other Google services
,
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Liftoff
,
https://vungle.com/privacy
Meta Audience Network
,
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Adverty
:
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Other marketing, analytics and social media:
Solsten:
https://solsten.io/privacy-policy/
Sisense:
https://www.sisense.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Appsflyer
:
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Our services providers and subcontractors
who process your information only on our behalf and according to our instructions. These partners provide data processing services to us, for example, to provide (i) data hosting, (ii) marketing and advertising services, (iii) player support, (iv) analytics for Games and Services as well as (v) development and maintenance;
to any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person; and
to a
potential or actual buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies and similar tracking technology
Like most games and online services, we and our partners use advertising identifiers, cookies and similar tracking technologies. Advertising identifiers, cookies and similar technologies are used by us and our partners to provide our Services to you and to collect data from your device. These technologies allow us and our partners to (i) recognise you and your device; (ii) provide interest-based advertising to you; (iii) prevent fraud, (iv) allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction); (v) allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions; and (vi) enable us and third parties to provide you with more customized services, for example to provide our Services in the correct language (subject to availability). You can limit ad tracking, reset advertising identifiers and disable cookies from your device or browser settings.
You may also see our own advertisements in other games and services. If you click such advertisements and install our Game(s), we may share a device identifier with our partners to verify installs and prevent fraudulent actions.
How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. Specific measures we use include that only those of our employees, who on behalf of their work are entitled to process personal information, are entitled to use a system containing personal information. Each user has a personal username and password to the system. The information is collected into databases that are protected by firewalls, passwords and other technical measures. The databases and the backup copies are in locked premises and can be accessed only by certain pre-designated persons.
International data transfers
Our Services are global by nature and therefore your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses or other similar arrangements (such as the Privacy Shield certification regarding transfers to the United States) for transfers of personal information between us and our third-party service providers and partners located outside the European Union or European Economic Area.
Data retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). Unnecessary and outdated personal information will be erased or anonymized in connection with the periodical reviews and also at other times when deemed necessary.
Your data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, update, request deletion, object to processing or restrict processing
of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us. The same applies to portability requests.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing communications
we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.
To the extent we have collected and process your personal information based on your consent (as the legal basis), then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. This can be done from the settings of our Games. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you have any inquiries or requests related to the above rights, please contact us at
gdpr@dodreams.com
.
For requests concerning erasing or sending you a copy of your personal data, please include the necessary IDs which can be found inside the game by following these instructions.
Instructions for obtaining necessary IDs in “Drive Ahead!“:
Launch Drive Ahead!
Navigate to the settings menu by clicking on the gear icon.
Click on the info button in the lower right corner of the settings menu and you will see a popup message containing the necessary information.
Under the information, there is a copy button. Click on it to copy the text onto the clipboard and paste it into the email with your request.
Instructions for “Drive Ahead! Sports“:
Erasing your personal data:
You can erase your personal data from the settings menu, by going to privacy policy settings and scrolling down to press the "Erase all data" and clicking "yes". This will erase the data from our Firebase.
Erasing the data from UnityAds happens through the UnityAds, you can find that in the UnityAds privacy policy linked to this document.
Requesting your personal data:
Follow the instructions from the UnityAds privacy policy to get the data from them, according to their policy, the request has to come from the user.
Copy your private data identifiers from the settings menu by going to the privacy policy settings and clicking the copy to clipboard button. Email these to us with the information about what kind of request it is.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Special Note About Children’s Privacy
We comply with all applicable laws that are designed to protect children’s privacy, such as the GDPR and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”).
For clarity, our Games are not intended to children under 13 years of age, therefore no one under 13 years of age is allowed to use or access the Games or provide any personal information to us. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target behaviourally targeted advertising to anyone under 13 years of age or knowingly allow such persons to use or access our Games. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not send any information about yourself to us including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under 13 years of age, we will dispose of that information, or otherwise treat it in accordance with COPPA and other applicable laws and regulations. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under 13 years of age has provided us with personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
How to contact us?
The data controller is Dodreams Oy, business ID 2729470-7. Address; Panimokatu 2A, 00580 Helsinki, Finland
Email:
admin@dodreams.com