Privacy Policy
SPRINGMARU Mobile Privacy Policy
SPRINGMARU("we", “our” or "us") recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy applies to all apps  under the publisher name of “SPRINGMARU”. We has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you can understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage, statistics, input while using our apps would be collected.
If there’s any concern regarding providing your information to us or you disagree it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, please do not install or use the Services.
Information Collection And Use
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal information may include: your name, SN Website user identification number, or email address.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your device sends whenever you run our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device.
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), OS type, App version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Identification Data
We and third party use Identification datas and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and third party Service and hold certain information.
Identification datas are string data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Identification datas are sent to our server and third party server from stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your device to refuse all ID AD or to indicate when a Identifier data is being sent. However, if you do not accept Identification data, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Identification data we use:
Google Android AD ID.
AD ID use to operate our, third party Service.
IDFA.
IDFA use to operate our, third party Service.
App ID.
App id use to operate our, third party Service.
Use of Data
App uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Korea, Republic of and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Korea, Republic of and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
App will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
App may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of App
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
https://policies.google.com
Unity Analytics
Unity Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Unity that tracks and reports website traffic. Unity uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Unity services. Unity may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertisement
We may use third-party Service Providers to advertise the use of our Service.
Admob
Admob is a web advertisement service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. https://policies.google.com
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is a advertisement service offered by Unity that tracks and reports website traffic. Unity uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Unity services. Unity may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Security
We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
Policy Regarding Children
The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: springmaru@gmail.com