Privacy | The Power of Play | Toca Boca
Our Privacy Policy
We take privacy seriously.
PRIVACY POLICY
Hello! This is where we keep our Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on February 15, 2023.
Effective Date: June 30th, 2013
About Us
At Toca Boca, our website (www.tocaboca.com) is just for parents, while our apps are designed for the whole family, including young children with parent supervision. We take privacy seriously at Toca Boca and this policy is designed to share what information we collect and how we use it. We last updated the contents of this policy on February X, 2023. Toca Boca may change or update the Privacy Policy at any time as we add new or different features, or as the law changes. Unless another date is given, the changes are effective upon posting. If we make a material change to this policy we will post notice here before making the change and if we have your parent email address we will contact you to tell you about the changes. Thus, you should review the Privacy Policy frequently. This Privacy Policy is also part of the Terms of Service that explain your rights and responsibilities and Toca Boca’s when using Toca Boca’s services and sites. If you don’t agree with this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, you should not use the sites and services. If you have any questions please contact us at dpo@spinmaster.com. Toca Boca is owned by Spin Master Corp., a global children’s entertainment company that creates, designs and manufactures a diversified portfolio of innovative toys, games, products and entertainment properties.
Children’s Privacy
There are no third-party ads in our apps, but we do cross promote our other products or the products on our related companies. The only third party service providers we use in our apps are to support our internal operations and we do not collect anything that is personally identifiable in our apps for children.
To help us provide you with the best service, we work with third party analytics providers Backtrace, Firebase and Google Analytics in our apps for children.
Their respective Privacy Policies can be found at
https://saucelabs.com/privacy-policy
, https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms and https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US#whycollect
These companies help us to understand your use of the apps. In association with them, we may collect your unique device identifier, IP address, mobile phone carrier, game progress, time spent playing, achievements and for bug and crash reports. This information is for internal use only and can´t be shared. It´s just for us to help us improve our services for you.
We also work with AppsFlyer as an attribution provider to help us understand your interactions with the apps and to optimize and analyze mobile ad campaigns. AppsFlyer does not collect any personally identifiable information about you or your child. For more information on AppsFlyers´s privacy practices, please review the privacy policy:
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
.
If you have any questions about our collection and use please contact us at dpo@spinmaster.com.
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
Toca Boca, Inc is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children’s personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates Toca Boca, Inc has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy
practices, please contact us at dpo@spinmaster.com or 415-352-9028. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com.
General Privacy
What Kind of Information is Collected?
There are two types of data that may be collected. The first one is called personal data. This is personally identifiable information that identifies a user as an individual. Toca Boca may collect personal data that parents voluntarily provide on the website. The second type is non personal data which doesn’t directly identify an individual or which may have been personal information but has had the personally identifiable information removed. Toca Boca may collect non personal information about the use of the website and apps to help us improve our services.
More About Personal Data
We collect personal data when a parent makes a purchase through our online store, subscribes to a newsletter or alert, submits content to a forum or blog, or requests technical support. This data may include a name (screen or nickname), gender, birth date, email address, mailing or shipping address, telephone number, and payment information. This information may be used to provide services and the sites to you, to process and fulfill your orders, to contact parents about their orders and new services and features and to send push notifications if consent to receive them has been given. If you contact us for help we will only use your email address to reply to your question. Please note that if a parent posts personal information about themselves in a community forum or blog in the parent section, in addition to being collected, this data is made public for others to see. The parent is responsible for the disclosure of any such data in those forums. More about Non Personal Data we may use cookies and web beacons to help deliver and analyze our services (e.g., by counting the number of times a page or advert has been viewed).
Toca Boca may also use third parties from time to time to deliver a service to parents only, such as payment processing, sending emails, infrastructure and IT services, or helping with customer or technical support. We only work with companies that follow this privacy policy and agree not to use your information for any other purposes. If you’d like more information on this, please contact us at dpo@spinmaster.com.
A Word About What We Might Disclose
As you can see, we collect minimal personal data, and some nonpersonal data for internal use only or in conjunction with third parties to help us operate, analyze, and improve our sites and services. In addition, we may disclose your personal or nonpersonal information to additional parties if we believe we are required to by law, by a judicial proceeding, to protect Toca Boca’s rights and properties, or to investigate fraud, intellectual property infringement, and any other conduct that might be illegal or expose Toca Boca or a user of its services to legal liability. In addition, Toca Boca may disclose information collected from a parent in the event of a change or proposed change in the ownership of the company; for example, a sale, a merger, or bankruptcy. Parents may disclose information about themselves by posting in the public forums on the site. Toca Boca is not responsible for what parents say and post in these sections.
Tracking
We use quantserve.com to track anonymous information about how website visitors use the site. YouTube cookies are placed on visitors’ devices when a visitor arrives on a Toca Boca page where there is a YouTube video, and user data is collected through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services in order to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of their own and other websites. We have these cookies to better understand the use of our website for parents. You can also configure your browser to accept or reject cookies. All browsers are different so go to the help section of your browser to find out how to do this.
Links
We may include links to third parties from our website or services. Toca Boca isn’t responsible for these companies and including a link to them doesn’t mean that Toca Boca endorses them. So be sure to check their privacy policies if you decide to visit them. And remember, your use of Toca Boca’s sites and services may also be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of other services that Toca Boca doesn’t control such as mobile application stores, mobile software platforms, online social media sites, or payment processors.
Security
Toca Boca uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards in an attempt to keep the data it collects secure and requires that the third parties it works with agree to do the same. The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to those persons who need it to complete their work for Toca Boca, using a fire-wall protected environment, and storing personal information in secure operating environments. That said, Toca Boca cannot and does not guarantee and does not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
Data Retention
User data is retained as long as it is necessary to provide the service. Data is deleted from our records when it is no longer needed within a reasonable timeframe.
How to Update or Remove Your Information
Toca Boca keeps your content for as long as necessary in providing its services. If you want to opt out of services, or review or delete your information, please contact us at dpo@spinmaster.com.
Notice to California Residents:
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of TOCA BOCA to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. With respect to these entities, this Privacy Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request, please send an email to dpo@spinmaster.com or write us:
Toca Boca AB
Attn: Privacy Officer
Lumaparksvägen 9
120 31, Stockholm, Sweden
Toca Boca, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
848 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
If you have any questions about this Policy or our processing of data about you, please contact us at dpo@spinmaster.com
Or via mail at:
Data Protection Officer
225 King Street West
Toronto, ON M5V 3M2
If you have a concern about our handling of your personal information, please get in contact with us first so we can try to resolve your query. If however, you feel we have not dealt with your concern and that we are failing to meet our legal obligations, you can report this to your local data protection regulator.
Visit us on Tocaboca.com!