Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Simulations Studio
Privacy policy
Top simulations studio is committed to respecting the privacy and security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy is written to describe about the information we collect and how we use that information. Using our website means that you agree upon our online privacy policy. This Privacy Policy applies to you and your personal information overall the world to the extent allowable under applicable law.
The Policy can be updated about how we collect, use, share or store your personal information. Using the Top simulations studio services means that you consent to any changes we make in the Policy.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
Top simulations studio Games Studio aim is to provide better and improved services to its Users and we are collecting your information for the following purpose.
When you install any of the Top simulations studio games or applications, we may collect and record the information you provide us voluntarily through the game or application and through other social network(s) in accordance with the policies and terms of the social network(s).
The following are the types of information we collect:
Personal Information:
Information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. This information may include your name, your picture, user identification number, login email you provide to register at social networks. Additional information may be acquired through your purchase of any virtual product. All your purchases is managed by the third party sites and we do not have any access to your credit card details and billing information.
Information from third parties:
We may receive information about you from other sources, such as from friends who refer you to us, or otherwise. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you.
Automatically collected information:
To make our Site and applications more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect information from you, including operating system, IMEI, MAC address, and/or a date and time stamp for your visit. We also use Cookies (as defined below) and navigational data to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a Site sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a web site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.
USING INFORMATION
We use and disclose your personal information only as described in this Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you on our Site. For example, we may use or disclose your personal information:
To operate and improve our applications
To fulfill your requests for certain products or services
To better understand your needs and provide you with more customized service
To communicate with you about our products and services
To respond to any questions or concerns that you may have
For market research, project planning, troubleshooting problems, detecting and protecting against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity
To third party contractors that provide services to us and are contractually bound to safeguard your personal information (i.e. credit card processers)
To third parties in connection with any merger, acquisition, reorganization, change in capital structure or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Top simulations studio
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We take reasonable steps to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we do not guarantee its absolute security.
THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on the Service. We do not provide any personal information to third-party advertising companies on a non-aggregate basis. Our system and the third-party advertising technology may use aggregate information, non-personal information, Top simulations studio cookies on your hard drive and your use of the Service to target advertisements. In addition, advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on other sites. If advertisements are served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your computer. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or “beacons”) to help manage and optimize online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browsers cookie when a browser visits the site on which is beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
HOW TO REVIEW, MODIFY OR DELETE YOUR INFORMATION
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from us or would like to update or change your personal information or preferences, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.
POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information we will delete such information from our files as quickly as possible.
FEEDBACK
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please contact us by email at: gamershubstudio@gmail.com
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse