Privacy Policy – Alarga Studio
Skip to content
Alarga Studio
Template
Privacy Policy
Site Search
Search for:
Search
Privacy Policy
Desember 17, 2019
Desember 13, 2022
by
admin
ALARGA STUDIO
respects the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our mobile application. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
“IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE APPLICATION
.”
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of the Application after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to username, email or as requested within the game.
The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way and used as described in this privacy policy or upon the request of your permission within the game.
And we may request access or sensitive permission to your mobile to make functions of application work properly device such as:
android.permission.RECORD_AUDIO: use microphone access to load custom audio from storage
android.permission.STORAGE android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE: to save files on storage  (internal and external)
If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Our games does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you and use the data as described in this Privacy Policy.
THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
We employ some third party service providers within our games to support our service for the following reasons :
–  To facilitate our Service.
–  To assist us in analyzing user behaviour within the game and basic information for analytic purpose.
–  To give information about the device you use such as its model, operating system, platform, and other technical information such as cookies for bug/error reporting based on their device.
–  Google Play Game Service are used for sync and save user data, connect to leaderboard and achievements.
–  Advertisement ID used by advertiser to filter their advertisements to make them more relevant to your interest and age restriction, which you can opt-out if you want to.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers may used by the application :
Google Play Services,
Google AdMob,
Google Firebase Analytics,
Unity
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Your information may be disclosed as follows:
If we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance.
Marketing Communications With your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Application. These companies may use information about your visits to the Application and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
We are not responsible for the actions of third parties with whom you share personal or sensitive data, and we have no authority to manage or control third-party solicitations. If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
POLICY FOR CHILDREN
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year.
If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below. If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Application, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Application. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Application, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at cs@alargastudio.com
Theme by
Colorlib
Powered by
WordPress