PP – Pixel Box
Pixel Box
We Build Super Addictive Mobile Games
Home
Contact Us
PP
This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications developed by Pixel Box SRL (“Application”) for mobile devices.
Provided Information & Usage
The application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. The application may automatically record information created by your use of it. Aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application. This data may include information such as your ip address, operating system, mobile carrier, device and application IDs, advertising IDs, and cookie information. Application may also collect gameplay information (for example how you play a game) in an aggregated anonymized way that can’t be tracked back to you.
This data is used to measure, customize, and improve the application.
We may share your information with third parties but only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Third Party Advertisers
We use a third party company, Purple Brain SAS (t/a Adincube / Ogury Ltd), to display advertisements that you may see inside our application. This company may use information about your usage of our application in connection with such advertising activities, including to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In the course of such advertising activities, we may, on their behalf, or the third-party advertiser itself may place or recognize a unique ‘cookie’ on your computer or mobile device. You have the ability to manage tracking and ad preferences on your mobile device from your devices settings as well as from within the application when seeing ads or when prompted to give consent. Additional Privacy information for Adincube can be found
here
and
here .
Some of our advertisers enable you to purchase content such as ringtones, while others may allow you to earn virtual currency by watching their ads or filling out surveys. Our advertisers and their partners may collect additional information in the process of fulfilling these requests. Please note that this information may be used in accordance with the advertiser’s privacy policy.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Includes collecting, storing, using, sharing and performing any other action on your Personal Information, even for advertising purposes, according to this Privacy Policy. Information may be transferred, and stored in servers located outside of your country of residence, to third party countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) to be processed. Whenever we transfer your Information to another jurisdiction, we make sure that the international transfer of data is done in accordance with applicable law. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize us to store and/or use the Information according to this Privacy Policy.
Request user data deletion
When you install and use Pixel Box mobile applications, we can collect and process some of your data for different legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why we may collect data.
Why is data collected?
Pixel Box and its third-party partners collect data:
To provide you with the services you asked for
To run analytics and understand how users interact with our product and services to improve them continuously
The third-party partners that Pixel Box  will share the data with are:
GameAnalytics
Facebook Analytics
Adjust
Voodoo
Data deletion requests
To delete user data collected by Pixel Box , please reach out to using http://pixelbox.games/contact-us
.
If you also want to request the deletion of the data that may have been collected about you or your device by our third-party partners that are acting as independent data controllers, you will find below the contact for each partner and the link to the relevant section of their privacy policies:
GameAnalytics:
email:
privacy@gameanalytics.com
privacy policy:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/#6-changing-or-deleting-your-information
Facebook Analytics:
email: none, please refer to the privacy policy
privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Adjust:
email:
privacy@adjust.com
privacy policy:
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
Voodoo:
Voodoo does not collect any of your personal data and only provides an SDK package to retrieve the data collected by the above-mentioned partners. You can still contact them to request the deletion of their access to the partners’ interfaces.
email:
dpo@voodoo.io
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us http://pixelbox.games/contact-us
© 2024
Pixel Box
.
App Landing Page By Rara Theme.
Powered by
WordPress