Flamingo Games
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Flamingo Games
Privacy
FLAMINGO GAMES see it as our
responsibility
to set examples and help establish the standards for privacy on the Internet. During registration, each service asks the user to provide different types and amounts of personal information. FLAMINGO GAMES intends through the use of such information in good faith to deliver better services.
FLAMINGO GAMES is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of its online users (“users” or “user”). This Online Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) has been crafted to inform users as to the ways FLAMINGO GAMES collects, stores, uses, and manages the information users provide during the use of any FLAMINGO GAMES game or application (“Service”). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is only applicable to information collected from FLAMINGO GAMES through the use of the Service.
By using the Service, users are agreeing to the collection and use of their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. FLAMINGO GAMES may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and FLAMINGO GAMES encourages users to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Personal Information and Its Use
FLAMINGO GAMES gathers two types of information about users: (1) Non-personally identifiable information: When visitors come to our web site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks were "clicked." Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software etc. used by each visitor to the FLAMINGO GAMES web site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity. The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps us identify the most popular areas of our web site and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition, we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and/or clicked through their advertisements. (2) Personally identifiable information: In certain areas of the FLAMINGO GAMES web site -for example, while registering for the game service a user may be asked to provide his/her full name, nick name, province, gender, hobbies, age and interests etc.
FLAMINGO GAMES collects this personal information primarily to make using the FLAMINGO GAMES Web site easier and more satisfying for its users. The goal of FLAMINGO GAMES is to provide all Internet users with an exciting, entertaining, online experience.
All users should be aware that, when they disclose personally identifiable information in a bulletin board or other forum, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited email from other parties outside FLAMINGO GAMES. In the event that you encounter any FLAMINGO GAMES user who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact support@playstrap.com.
Information Disclosure
FLAMINGO GAMES will not disclose your personally identifiable information except:
a) with your prior authorization or consent;
b) in an emergency to protect rights and interests of FLAMINGO GAMES and its users, public security and public interests;
c) as required by law or valid order by a court or other governmental body;
d) to enforce applicable terms of FLAMINGO GAMES services or any statements of FLAMINGO GAMES, or in other situation which FLAMINGO GAMES may deem necessary.
Information Collecting during Co-operation with Third Parties
The information that a user shares with FLAMINGO GAMES is collected, stored, and handled carefully by FLAMINGO GAMES. However, FLAMINGO GAMES may share such information during co-operation with third parties to offer some of its services in conjunction with such third parties. FLAMINGO GAMES will urge such third parties to handle the said information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Through good co-operation or even alliance with other reputable organizations of goodwill, FLAMINGO GAMES has been dedicated to providing the best internet service to its users.
Minors' Information and Its Use
FLAMINGO GAMES suggests that minors shall not access internet without prior written consent of their parents or other legal guardians. FLAMINGO GAMES will protect relevant information of minors as required by laws and regulations.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that FLAMINGO GAMES transfers to users’ computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit, such as the user’s preferences or a user’s name and password. The Service sends cookies to users’ computers when users access or view content of an FLAMINGO GAMES game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to users’ personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to users’ interests, and making the Service easier to use. Users can disable cookies at any time, although users may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
Provision of Information
FLAMINGO GAMES users always have a choice whether or not to disclose information. Certain information is required for registration of our services, but most other requested information is optional. It is a top priority at FLAMINGO GAMES to make its user feel comfortable and in control.
FLAMINGO GAMES offers its users numerous online interactive activities. To facilitate participation of the user in interactive activities and issue of prizes from such activities, FLAMINGO GAMES usually requires the applicant to fill out forms pertaining to his/her personal interests in addition to contact information (i.e. mailing address and phone number). This information is used by FLAMINGO GAMES to compile aggregate data on its users. If the user does not want to supply the requested information and partake in the interactive activities, it is completely at the user's discretion.
Links
The FLAMINGO GAMES web site contains links to some other web sites. FLAMINGO GAMES is not responsible for the content or the privacy policy or practices of any other web sites or for the actions of the companies responsible for those web sites. Please review the privacy policies of those web sites before providing them with any personal information.
Update and Publicity of Information
FLAMINGO GAMES strongly encourages its users to update and edit their personal information and keep it current. A FLAMINGO GAMES community user can easily access and correct his/her personal information at any time. Users can edit and delete their personal information at their discretion.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online through certain channel ( for example on message boards, through email, or in chat areas ), that information can be collected and used by others. FLAMINGO GAMES will take no responsibility whatsoever caused by reasons said above. Since disclosure of personal information through certain channel may lead to disclosure of your personal information, we remind you to use caution before such disclosing.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're online.
Contact
We may revise our privacy policy from time to time. When we do, those changes will be reflected in this privacy policy. Any changes that we make will always be made with your privacy and satisfaction as top priorities. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you visit the FLAMINGO GAMES web site.
Questions regarding this statement or the privacy practices of FLAMINGO GAMES should be directed to the FLAMINGO GAMES site coordinator at support@playstrap.com
FLAMINGO GAMES users also have the option of directly contacting the FLAMINGO GAMES customer service department via telephone, fax, and/or standard mail.
Copyright Policy
FLAMINGO GAMES respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. FLAMINGO GAMES may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, terminate the accounts of users who infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
FLAMINGO GAMES owns or has the right to use all the intellectual propriety rights with respect to the content and services that are developed or jointly developed by FLAMINGO GAMES. This content and services are protected by applicable intellectual property laws, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws.
This Agreement is observed General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you have any comments or suggestion on any provision of it, please contact us at any time.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse