Privacy Policy - Pine Street Codeworks
Pine Street Codeworks Privacy Policy
Your Privacy
Pine Street Codeworks LLC is committed to protecting the privacy rights of our users. The bottom-line is that if at any time you wish to have your personally-identifiable information removed from our databases, please
contact us
.
This Privacy Policy has been written to inform you as to the ways we collect, store, use, manage, and, in certain limited circumstances, share the information you provide in connection with any Pine Street Codeworks game, application, or web site ("Service"). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to only information collected by us through your use of the Service.
In order to provide the Service to you, we partner with third party service providers and sometimes we share information with them as part of these third party services. For example, we partner with Amazon Web Services (AWS) to provide cloud servers and storage for our website. This Privacy Policy includes a list of third party companies that we work with and
links to their privacy policies
.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Why do we collect personal information?
Our primary objective in collecting user information is to provide, optimize and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service. This may also include identifying users who violate our terms and removing the accounts of users who bully or harass other users.
Because we may produce many different types of game products, this policy attempts to cover the widest range of information collection and is not representative of the information we collect in, for example, games we make that do not ask for any of your personal information.
What information do we collect?
When you install Pine Street Codeworks' games or applications, we may collect and record the information you provide us through any of several application stores (such as Steam, Google Play, Apple App Store, Facebook Game Room, etc.) and social networks (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) in accordance with the policies and terms of these third-party services.
We may, in some cases, and only with your prior approval, store your first and last name, email, region, gender, preferred language and other basic profile information. We do not store your date of birth, addresses, telephone numbers, or credit card information.
For multi-player games and social features that connect to your friends and other players, some information that we collect, such as your high scores, achievements, game progress, statistics, in-game messages, virtual items you have purchased in the service, and other session usage activity may be displayed to other users, for the purpose of fulfilling the game-play and game design requirements of the Service.
We also collect "usage information" (a.k.a. analytic data) when necessary, that may, in some cases, be linked to your name or other information provided to us. This data will only be used to help us improve the experience of all our users, but is strictly for internal use only and is not disclosed publicly. Usage information that is logged includes, but is not limited to, browser type, session start and end, app install attribution, program errors and exceptions, in-app purchases, advertisement activity, interface clicks, game screen captures, gameplay and purchasing habits, and other game events.
Any time you access the Service, we may collect aggregate information including but not limited to internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform and device hardware type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages or screens, and the date and time of this activity ("aggregate information").
For what purposes do we use your information?
We want you to feel secure sharing your information with us. In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties. Your information will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Service.
In some cases, when available to us, with your permission, we may store your email address and use it in conjunction with your name and other information to notify you of new product releases and features, service notifications, and to solicit your feedback and input. Those emails will contain links for preference management and where appropriate, unsubscribe links should you decide you do not want to receive further emails from us.
Certain types of information such as your statistics, purchased in-game items, scores, rank, name, region, language, session data, achievements, activities and choices within the game are used to fulfill the gameplay and game design requirements of the Service.
We use usage and aggregate information, for example, to discover bugs and other problems, make the Service easier to use and more fun, provide a more personalized experience, improve upon the sales of in-game items, provide you better customer support, to optimize marketing campaigns, and discover users who cheat, hack the game or abuse other users.
How do we protect your information?
For certain kinds of games we make, our game software and databases are hosted on a secured server "in the cloud" that does not allow access to the public. Some data may be hosted by third party services (such as Unity, Facebook, AppsFlyer, Google, Amazon, etc) and may not be managed and protected in the same way as our own servers. Firewalls, passwords, and modern SSL encryption technology protects the information about our users that we directly manage. We frequently update our servers with security patches and software updates. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties (for example, "hackers") will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and some messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
What about "cookies"?
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user's computer and to "remember" things about the user's visit, such as your preferences or your log-in information. Some parts of our Service (such as the websites that host games) send cookies to your computer when you access or view content of the Service. For certain games, particularly web-based online games, the information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time through your browser, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
Will Pine Street Codeworks disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
We may disclose information about you to our partners and publishers, in order to provide the Service, resolve service problems and correct errors in the Service, to communicate with you about the Service, to provide you with advertising and promotional information in connection with the Service, and to enhance your experience on the Service.
Whenever possible, we provide you the option to opt-out of certain information collection. Due to our contractual obligations with some third party partners and the need to share information in order to deliver and support the Service, we cannot, in some circumstances, provide you with the ability to opt-out of sharing information (whether personal information or non-personal information) with these third parties. Pine Street Codeworks, certain of its partners, and each of their contractors and employees may view the information that you transmit to the Service to provide the Service and otherwise perform the tasks set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you wish to have your personally-identifiable information removed from our servers, please
contact us
.
We may use third-party advertising companies and advertising mediators to serve ads on the Service. We do not directly provide any of your personal information from the Service to third-party advertising companies. However, the advertising software that is integrated with our Service may collect and store your information for the purposes of personalizing and targeting advertisements to you. Examples of this information that they collect may be a unique user or device identifier, information about your device hardware (such as model, operating system, or screen size), IP address, behavior information about how you use our app or Service, your online status or network, and they may communicate with other apps on your device to get information about you. For exact details on what these advertisers collect, please see the privacy policy of the
respective advertising company
.
Whenever possible, we will allow you to opt-in or opt-out of the collection of information by advertisers.
Will you disclose my information if required by law?
Pine Street Codeworks may release user information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of Pine Street Codeworks, our users, or others. Note that Pine Street Codeworks is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that Pine Street Codeworks may receive.
Additionally, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to Pine Street Codeworks' successor or assignee, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
Others' Information
You may decide to provide us with another person's personal information such as email address so that the person may be invited to join the Service. We use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person that he or she has been invited to join the Service or receive content from the Service. We may disclose such information if required to do so in order to comply with legal process, as described above.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
Because our Service may be integrated with third-party web sites or plug-in services, some of the interactions you have while using the Service may be interactions with these third-partys' own software and not Pine Street Codeworks' software.
The following list of partner companies work with us (or have worked with us in the past) in order to provide the Service to you. We have included a link to their privacy policies, which govern how your information is collected, used, and protected when it is sent to or collected by the partner. Please read these policies carefully to fully understand how these partners may use your information.
Company
Privacy Policy
AdColony
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy
Amazon
https://www.amazon.com/privacy-policy
Apple
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
AppsFlyer
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy
Chartboost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Fyber
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy
Google
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
InMobi
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
IronSource
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/unity/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Mintegral
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Tapjoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/players/privacy-policy/
Unity
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Some of our games, such as Tiny Bubbles, may use Unity plug-ins such as Unity Analytics or Unity Ads. For answers about Unity's compliance with the GDPR in the EU and CCPA in CA, please
read this.
Pine Street Codeworks may provide links to other web sites or applications. The privacy policies of these linked sites are the responsibility of the linked site and Pine Street Codeworks has no control or influence over their policies. Please check the policies of each site you visit for specific information. Pine Street Codeworks cannot be held liable for damage or misdoings of other sites linked or otherwise.
What is your policy regarding children?
The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files as quickly as possible.
Questions and Feedback
If you have any questions or feedback related to our Privacy Policy, please
contact us
.
Thank you for playing!
This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 4, 2022.
Click here to return to the home page
(c) Copyright 2022
Pine Street Codeworks, LLC
All Rights Reserved