privacy
Beemoov
Home
Our Games
News
The Team
CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY
The protection of your privacy and your personal data is a priority for us and we undertake to process your data in the strictest observance of the French Data Protection Act of January 6, 1978 (hereafter, the “Data Protection Act”), as modified, and the (EU) General Data Protection Regulation of April 27, 2016 (hereafter, the “GDPR”).
In any event, we undertake to observe the following three essential principles:
- You remain in charge of your personal data;
- Your data are processed in a transparent, confidential and secure manner;
- Your data are not in any case sold or rented to third parties.
This CONFIDENTIALITY POLICY governs the terms for managing personal data when using the PLATFORMS published by the company BEEMOOV.
Any use of a PLATFORM of BEEMOOV necessarily implies that the USER accepts this Confidentiality Policy without reservation.
BEEMOOV is a French Simplified Joint Stock Company (
Société par Actions Simplifiées
) (SAS) with a share capital of 200,000 euros, registered with the Registry of Trade and Companies of Nantes under the
number B 492 377 908, with its registered office located at 57 Boulevard Gaston Serpette 44000 NANTES, France.
ARTICLE 1: DEFINITIONS
- ACCOUNT: designates the interface on which the data provided by the MEMBER and hosted on the PLATFORM are consolidated.
- FORUM: designates the forum accessible on the PLATFORM, as well as any page of a social network connected with a BEEMOOV game.
- MEMBER: designates any person who registers on the PLATFORM in order to benefit from the various services provided by BEEMOOV.
- OPTION: designates any equipment, character or, more broadly, any additional functionality of a game that is for pay.
- PLATFORM: designates the internet sites and mobile applications for the BEEMOOV games. The PLATFORM consolidates all of the hosted web pages, mobile applications and services offered to the USERS.
- DATA CONTROLLER: designates the entity which, alone or jointly with another entity, determines the means and the purposes for processing of personal data.
- PROCESSOR: designates the person processing the personal data on behalf of the DATA CONTROLLER, who acts under the authority of the DATA CONTROLLER and on its instruction. This complies with Article 28 of the GDPR.
- USERS: designates all of the MEMBERS and the VISITORS.
ARTICLE 2: IDENTITY AND CONTACT INFORMATION FOR THE DATA CONTROLLER
The controller for your data is BEEMOOV SAS, a French Simplified Joint Stock Company (
Société par actions simplifiée
) with a share capital of 200,000 euros registered with the Registry of Trade and Companies of Nantes under the number B 492 377 908, with its registered office located at 57 Boulevard Gaston Serpette, 44000 NANTES, France.
ARTICLE 3: CONTACT INFORMATION FOR OUR DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
Our Data Protection Officer is there to respond to all of your requests, including the exercise of the rights relating to your personal data.
You can contact the Data Protection Officer by e-mail at dpo@beemoov.com, or by post at the address DPO BEEMOOV – HAAS Avocats, 32 rue la Boétie, 75008 Paris FRANCE.
ARTICLE 4: COLLECTION & ORIGIN OF DATA
Your Personal Data may be collected and retained by BEEMOOV at the time of carrying out the following actions (this list is not exhaustive):
- Browsing / using the PLATFORM
- Creating a
MEMBER ACCOUNT
- Purchasing valid OPTIONS on the PLATFORM
- Participating in an Event or a Game Competition
- Sending a request for contact to BEEMOOV and/or to our Client Service
- Reading the advertising of our partners
- Creating messages or content in our FORUM
ARTICLE 5: PURPOSES & LEGAL BASIS FOR THE PROCESSING
In all cases, your data are collected and processed in order to:
- Allow you to benefit from all of the functions and services offered
- Allow us to improve our services
- Allow us to ensure effective commercial monitoring
- Prevent fraud, abuse and cheating on the PLATFORM
- Deposit third party cookies on your terminal for the purpose of measuring the audience of our internet site
- Offer you commercial proposals and targeted advertising based on your centers of interest
- Manage and respond to your requests to exercise your Data Protection rights
Legal basis:
- Contractual, the processing is necessary for the performance of an agreement or pre-contractual measures
- Our legitimate interest to guarantee the best level of operation and quality for our internet site particularly by means of the visit statistics for the latter
- Your consent when this is required (for minors, see Article 14)
- Legal obligation (GDPR and the French Data Protection Act)
ARTICLE 6: THE DATA PROCESSED
You can consult the detail for the personal data that we may have concerning you.
Account Data -
the information provided during the process of creating an ACCOUNT in order to use the PLATFORM, such as name, e-mail, pseudonym, date of birth, etc.
Connection Data -
upon each connection to the PLATFORM and in a non-limited manner: IP, devices used, internet access provider, operating system, date and time of access, region of connection, etc.
Client Service -
in order to process the request for client service, to understand the problem, and to improve our service: name, pseudonym, e-mail, IP, origin of the connection, history of communications, payment data, etc.
Transactions -
information concerning the purchase of OPTIONS: payment methods, IP and region of connection, history of purchases, etc.
Activity Data -
during the use of the PLATFORM: statistics, advancement on the PLATFORM, history, purchases on the PLATFORM, interactions with other players, etc.
FORUM Data -
in the event of using our forums and social networks: the content or message, connection data, history of participation, profile information, etc.
ARTICLE 7: RECIPIENTS OF YOUR DATA
Within the limit of their respective attributes and for the purposes set out in Article 4, the principal persons who shall have access to your data are the following:
- The authorized personnel of the various departments of BEEMOOV (administrative, accounting, marketing, sales, logistics and information technology departments);
- The service providers responsible for the management of the PLATFORM (information management, hosts);
- The authorized personnel of our processors (if there are processors) / service providers;
- If appropriate, the courts concerned, the mediators, accountants, statutory auditors, attorneys, bailiffs, collection agencies, police or gendarme authorities in the event of theft or court-ordered requisition or assistance;
- The third parties which may deposit cookies on your terminals (computers, tablets, portable phones, etc.) when you consent to this.
Your data are not communicated or exchanged with any person other than those cited above.
Your data are not in any case sold or rented to third parties.
ARTICLE 8: RETENTION PERIODS FOR THE DATA
Your data are only retained for the time necessary for the actions for the purposes detailed in this document,
        for example, in order to ensure the correct operation and the ongoing improvement of our PLATFORM and its functionalities.
        This retention period may however change if this is required by a specific regulation.
ARTICLE 9: YOUR RIGHTS
In accordance with the French Data Protection Act and the GDPR, you have the following rights:
- Right of access and rectification
- Right to erasure of your personal data
- Right to withdraw your consent
- Right to restriction of processing of your data
- Right to object to the processing of your data
- Right to data portability that you have provided to us, when your data are subject to automated processing on the basis of your consent or an agreement (Article 20 of the GDPR)
- Right to define the fate of your data after your death and to choose whether (or not) we transmit your data to a third party that you have designated in advance.
In the event of death and in the absence of instructions from you, we undertake to destroy your data, unless the storage of this data is necessary for probative purposes or in order to comply with a legal obligation.
You may exercise your rights by sending an e-mail to our client support:
support@beemoov.com
You may also contact our Data Protection Officer at the address:
dpo@beemoov.com
or by sending a letter to the following address: DPO BEEMOOV – HAAS Avocats, 32 rue la Boétie, 75008 Paris, France.
You have the possibility to bring a claim before the supervisory authority of your country (for example, in France this is the CNIL
https://www.cnil.fr/fr/plaintes
)
ARTICLE 10: CONNECTION DATA AND COOKIES
On our PLATFORM we use connection data (date, time, Internet address, your telephone protocol, the pages viewed) and cookies (small files recorded on your computer) that allow us to identify you, to record your visits and in particular concerning the pages consulted, to measure the use of our internet site and to propose to you promotional offers and/or targeted advertising on the basis of your browsing, your needs and your centers of interest.
You may find more information by reviewing our Charter for the Management of Cookies.
https://us.beemoov.com/legal/cookies
ARTICLE 11: SOCIAL NETWORKS
You have the possibility to click on the icons dedicated to the social networks Twitter, Facebook and Google+, and on the YouTube icon appearing on our site.
The social networks allow for improved sharing on the site and help to promote the site via the sharing.
When you use these buttons, we may have access to personal information that you have indicated as public and accessible
            from your Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and YouTube profiles. However, we do not create or use any database independent from Twitter, Facebook, Google+,
            and YouTube on the basis of the personal information that you may publish there and we do not use any data relating to your private life by this means.
If you do
not
wish for us to have access to the personal information published on the public area of your profiles or social network accounts, you must then use the means provided to you by Twitter, Facebook, Google+, and YouTube to limit access to your data.
ARTICLE 12: TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION
With regard to the nature of its activity, BEEMOOV may have reason to make transfers of your data to processors located outside of the European Union, such as hosts.
If BEEMOOV makes transfers outside of the EU, you will be immediately informed of this. We will indicate to you the measures taken in order to control this transfer and to ensure observance of the confidentiality of your data.
ARTICLE 13: SECURITY
BEEMOOV and its possible processors undertake to implement all technical and organizational measures in order to ensure the security of our processing of personal data and the confidentiality of your data in application of the French Data Protection Act and the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
In this connection, BEEMOOV shall take all useful precautions with regard to the nature of your data and the risks presented by our processing in order to preserve the security of the data and, in particular, to prevent them from being distorted or damaged, or to prevent any unauthorized third parties having access to them (physical protection of the premises, procedure to authenticate our clients with personal and secure access by means of confidential identifiers and passwords, logging of connections, encryption of certain data, etc.).
ARTICLE 14: PROTECTION OF MINORS
It is noted that the PLATFORM is prohibited to minors under the age of 16 and that it may contain scenes of nudity, behavior or allusions of a sexual nature, or other content of a mature nature (violence, religion, death, etc.).
Minors over the age of 16 must obtain the authorization of their legal representative in order to use the PLATFORM.
In accordance with the provisions of the GDPR, the processing of the personal data of a child on the basis of consent is only lawful if the child is at least 16 years of age.
Home
Our Games
News
The Team
Support
Employment and Internships
Advertising
Press
About
Contact
© 2007-2023 - Beemoov, Web & Mobile Games -
Legal Terms