Little Snail » Privacy Policy
Little Snail
Google Play
App Store
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Little Snail is committed to provide enjoyable and fun games and applications (Services) across the wide variety of devices, such as smartphones, tablets, personal computers and video game consoles. For those users that use our games and services, however, we take personal data protection very seriously. Little Snail follows the generally accepted industry personal information protection standards.
Irrespective of which country you live in, you authorize us to use your information in, and as a result to transfer it to and store it in. Privacy and data protection laws in some of these countries may vary from the laws in the country where you live.
When you use our Services, we collect the following information: information about your device (including device model, OS version and operator’s name), time and date of the connection to the game and/or service, IP or MAC address We also from time-to-time use services provided by third party companies that might collect information from you, and you can opt-out from this.
In addition to using your contact information to create your account, we may use this information to send you information about our Services, respond to your requests and facilitate your use of the Services.
We do not collect information about children under the age of 13. In the event any personal information was collected, we will delete it as soon as possible.
We strongly recommend that minors aged 13-17 seek consent from a parent or legal guardian before accessing and/or using our website or Games and providing any private information.
In addition to profile information, you may also tell us your exact location if you choose to enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information. We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services, such as tagging a video with a location, and to improve and customize the Services, for example, with Content that has been tagged near your location.
We reserve the right to use all content generated by our users. By such content, we mean all content that users publish through the game and that is visible to other users (including but not limited to wall posts, sent messages, and other kinds of interaction with other players). Please note that Little Snail does not guarantee the protection of any Personal Information posted in comments and/or on user walls.
Our games may contain third-party tracking tools from our service providers, for example, Google Analytics. Such third parties may use SDKs, APIs, and cookies in our games to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. In order to provide their services, the third parties may have access to information such as your IP address, MAC address, geo-location, IMEI, and device identifier.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where (i) we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, (ii) the processing is in our legitimate interests and not superseded by your rights, or (iii) we have your consent to do so.
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect the personal information that we collect about you and process. The measures we adopt are designed to provide a level of security appropriate for the degree of risk involved with processing your personal information. Specific measures include encrypting your personal information in transit and at rest.
Contact us at:
thefeedback.toontown@gmail.com
Contact Us
© Copyright 2019 Little Snail, All Rights Reserved.  |
Privacy
|
Terms of Service