JNR SOFT | Welcome to JNR Games. Home of Galaixga, Super Happy Cup and more.
JNR SOFT
About
THE GIST OF IT
Support independent developers. Give this game a good rating!
We use Admob SDK for Ad delivery. It does collect information. (cookies and things like that tracking if its turned on. Probably some identifying information).
The application (game) does not collect information. And we do not care about who you are and what your interests are except that you play and like this application (game).
The application (game) uses Advertising to earn some revenue.
To opt out of Adverts. Remove the application (game) from your device in the usual way.
Galaxiga Retro Space ShooterPrivacy Policy
JNR Games 


PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Galaxiga Retro Space Shooter (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by JNR Games. 
The Application is Galaxiga: Space Shooter.

What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

User Provided Information

(a) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help;

Automatically Collected Information

JNR Games Does not collect any information or maintain any information database. The Application does collect information automatically (via third party SDKs *Google, FaceBook, OpenSignal*), including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use,  your mobile operating system,  and information about the way you use the Application. 

Automatically Collected Information by Third Parties.

We use Googles Admob services for serving ads. Please see below for Googles own specific information regarding user collected information when serving ads.

https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/


We use Unity analytics in some of our applications.If the game collects data you will be presented in game with a privacy button to allow you to modify the collection of statistical data.

Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?

This Application does collect precise information about the location of your mobile device through third party Ad Serving SDK (Google Admob) we do not retain or collect any information via the Application otherwise. This can be agreed to or not when the application is installed and will be asked to each user. You can stop this at any time by uninstalling the application.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

We do not share information. We will not share your information with third parties except in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;

When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;

to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below 



Automatic Data Collection and Advertising



Currently we do not collect any information from the application use except statistical data collected by Google and Facebook. We do use third party Advertising networks but we do not forward personalised information. We will give the option shortly to opt in or out of personilised advertising. As of now we do not forward any information to third party adverstising networks.

We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application Galaxiga Retro Space ShooterAdvertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.

If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below. 



What are my opt-out rights?

Our application gives you the option to opt in or out of personalised ads. You also have the option to delete any statistical information we might have have from the use of the application.

Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. 

Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers: you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by Uninstalling the Application. 

Your Consent

By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
JNR SOFT
JNR SOFT
recommsip@gmail.com
jekyll
jnrgames
Welcome to JNR Games. Home of Galaixga, Galaxy Recoil, Invaders and more.