Privacy Policy Modern Wallpaper Apps – Modern Wallpaper Apps
Skip to content
Modern Wallpaper Apps
Menu
Home
Contact
Blog
Privacy Policy Modern Wallpaper Apps
Fish Live Wallpaper 2018: Aquarium Koi Backgrounds
Privacy Policy:
Your privacy is important to Fish Live Wallpaper 2018: Aquarium Koi Backgrounds.
Provide services that you request; This privacy statement applies to Modern Wallpaper Apps and its products.
What information we use and how we use it:
1. Read phone status and identity
This permission allows Fish Live Wallpaper 2018: Aquarium Koi Backgrounds to recognize an incoming call and to
switch between the User System interfaces and call interface.
2. Read your text messages (SMS or MMS)
We use this permission to read your text messages
when you search messages in search bar or announce the sender name while some one send you
a message.
3. Take pictures and videos
We use your device’s camera flashlight and require camera permission. Modern Wallpaper Apps will not take photos and videos by itself and pass it on too any third party.
4. Approximate location (network-based)
This permission is used to display apps installed by anonymous surrounding users and to
recommend popular apps based on users’ location in Modern Wallpaper Apps Radar. This
information is untraceable.
5. Read your contacts
WE do not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used
when required.
6. Read calendar events plus confidential information
This information is used to remind you of your latest calendar events.
7. Find accounts on the devices
Fish Live Wallpaper 2018: Aquarium Koi Backgrounds does not recognize or save your account information. Application download and update methods.
8. Change network connectivity
This permission is used in settings and notification toolbar, in order to change network
connectivity.
Privacy Policy Modern Wallpaper Apps may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy
Policy from time to time, any and all changes will be reflected here and the date new
versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please review it
periodically.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...
Search for:
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Modern Wallpaper Apps
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
%d
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started