Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This document has been translated by Google Translate for your convenience from the german version. In this document you will find information which personal data we use for what purpose, on what basis, and for how long:
Overview /Table of Contents
A. Our contact information and general data processing by us
Name and contact details of the person responsible
Legal basis for the processing of personal data
Data deletion and storage periods
Our sources of personal data
General categories, purposes and legal bases for the processing of personal data
Beneficiaries or categories of recipients of personal data
Contact via e-mail, fax and phone
B. Scope of the processing of personal data via our website /apps
Provision of the website /app and creation of log files
Processing of the IP address
Information that is collected when downloading an app
Forum using the open source tool MyBB
Usage of cookies by us and third parties
Using the analysis tools UnityAnalytics and UnityAds
Using YouTube Videos on the Site
Using Google reCAPTCHA
Encryption
Transferring Personal Information to a Third Country (EU Foreign Countries)
C. Your rights
Right of Information
Right of Rectification
Right to delete
Right to object if processing for legitimate interest
Right of Withdrawal
Right to Restriction of Processing
Right to Data Portability
Automated decision-making including Profiling
Voluntary provision of data
The right of appeal to a supervisory authority
A. Our contact information and general data processing by us
Name and contact details of the responsible person
Responsible in terms of data protection law for the collection and use of personal data is the
Evil Grog Games GmbH
Pfinztalstrasse 90 76227 Karlsruhe-Durlach
Represented by the managing directors Thomas Geiger and Martin Schreiber.
Telephone : +49 721 6697 2921
Fax: +49 721 6697 2922
E-Mail: info@evilgroggames.com
Entry in the Commercial Register
Register Court: Amtsgericht Mannheim < br /> Registration Number: HRB 727573
Sales Tax Identification Number: DE 815 702 209
Legal basis for the processing of personal data
In general, the following applies to the processing of personal data by us:
Insofar as we obtain your consent for the processing of personal data, Art. 6 (1) (a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation is used (DSGVO) as the legal basis for the processing of personal data.
The processing of personal data required to fulfill a contract with you is governed by Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR even if the processing is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures.
Insofar as processing of personal data is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which we are subject, Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR serves as the legal basis.
In the event that your vital interests or those of another natural person require the processing of personal data Article 6 (1) (d) GDPR serves as the legal basis.
If processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of us or a third party, your interests, fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms do not outweigh that interest, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing.
Data deletion and storage duration
Personal data will generally be deleted or blocked by us as soon as the purpose of the storage is no longer required, in addition to being stored by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other regulations, which A blocking or deletion of the data takes place even if a storage period prescribed by the mentioned standards expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for a conclusion of contract or a fulfillment of the contract />
Concretely, this means: If we process the personal data on the basis of a consent to data processing (Article 6 (1) (a) Data Protection Regulation, in short: GDPR), the processing ends with your Withdrawal, unless there is another legal ground for the processing de r data, which is the case if, at the time of the revocation, we are still entitled to process your data for the purpose of fulfilling the contract or, if the data processing is necessary to safeguard our legitimate interests (cf. If we process the data by way of exception on the basis of our legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR) in the context of a prior balancing exercise, we will no longer save the data until the legitimate interest if the balance is different or if you have filed an objection pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR (see the optically highlighted 'Notice of special right of objection' under C.).
Process the data For fulfillment of the contract, we then store the data until the contract has been finally fulfilled and settled and no claims can be asserted from the contract, ie until the statute of limitations. The general limitation period under § 195 BGB is three (3) years. However, certain claims, such as claims for damages, become time-barred after 30 years (see § 197 BGB). If there is a justified reason to assume that this is relevant in individual cases, we will store the personal data over this period. The stated periods of limitation begin at the end of the year (ie on 31.12.) In which the claim has arisen and the creditor should have become aware of the circumstances giving rise to the claim and the person of the debtor or would have been required to do so without gross negligence.
Please note that we are also subject to statutory retention requirements for tax and accounting reasons. These require us to keep records of our records, including personal information, for a period of six (6) to ten (10) years. These retention periods take precedence over the abovementioned deletion obligations. The retention periods also begin at the end of the year in question, ie on 32.12.
source of personal data
The personal data processed by us originates primarily from the persons concerned themselves, for example by using these
as users of our website via the web browser and their end device (eg a PC, a smartphone, a tablet or a notebook) provide information, such as the IP address, to our web server,
as interested parties requesting information or a quotation from us,
as a customer we place an order or sign a contract with us,
as a media representative, request information material, press releases, statements, etc.
as a supplier, as agreed with us, to supply goods or provide us services, etc. .
Only in exceptional cases may the personal data processed by us also come from a third party, for example when a person acts on behalf of a third party.
General categories, purposes and legal bases for the processing of personal data
We process the following categories of personal data:
users of our website,
prospects,
press representatives,
customers, as well as
Suppliers.
Depending on the category of data in question, we will process personal information for the following purposes and on the basis of the legal basis of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). :
User data: We collect and process data from users of our website on a non-personal basis We are not able to allocate certain persons The IP address is only processed anonymously If exceptionally personal data is concerned, then We process these in order to safeguard our legitimate interests on the basis of Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR Our legitimate interests in this sense are our interest in the security and integrity of our website and data our web server (especially fault and error detection, and tracking of unauthorized access), as well as marketing interests and interests in statistical surveys (to improve our website and our services and offers). As part of a consideration, we have come to the conclusion that data processing is necessary to safeguard those legitimate interests and that your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require the protection of your personal information do not prevail.
Interested parties /Data of press representatives: As far as we process data from those interested in our services or from press representatives, this only happens if you enter this data in an input field or by e-mail for the purpose of the request and send it to us. These entries are voluntary for you. We then process this data exclusively for processing your request to us. The processing of this data voluntarily transmitted to us for the purpose of providing information about our services takes place as a pre-contractual settlement in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and /or on the basis of the consent granted by you pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) Customer data: We process the data of our customers for the purpose of contract execution in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and /or on the basis of a given consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) ) GDPR. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures (eg in the context of the preparation and negotiation of offers). Supplier data /data of business partners: We process the data of our suppliers and business partners for the purpose the execution of the contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR and /or on the basis of a given consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. This also applies to processing operations that are necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (eg in the framework of the preparation and negotiation of offers).
recipients or categories of recipients of personal data
Your personal data will only be forwarded to third parties or otherwise transmitted if required for the purpose of contract execution (eg for processing an order) or for billing purposes (eg to process a payment transaction when purchasing goods or services) is, has a legitimate interest in disclosure /submission and does not outweigh your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, or you have previously given effective consent. Categories of recipients may be:
Service Provider
Payment Companies, Banks
Accountants
Contact via e-mail, fax and telephone call
You can contact us via various contact methods, if you wish, by e-mail address, telephone number and fax number on the website, even if you wrote us an e-mail, call us or send us a fax we will inevitably process personal data from you, as at least the personal data transmitted by e-mail, fax or your telephone will be stored by us or our systems.
A transfer The data will be used exclusively for the processing of the conversation.
Purposes of data processing: The processing of personal data in the case of transmission by e-mail, fax or telephone We need your e-mail address, your fax number or your telephone number to be able to answer at all legitimate interest in the processing of the data.
Legal basis for the processing of data: The legal basis for the processing of the data is in the presence of a consent that can be seen in the contact, Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO and otherwise our legitimate interest in data processing in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
If the contact or your request aims to conclude a contract, then there is additional legal basis for the processing Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (execution of pre-contractual measures). Duration of storage: The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of their collection.
For personal data sent by e-mail, this is the case when the conversation with you has ended and we have waited for a waiting period of up to 3 months after that, if at all Your concern or the details of the communication again fall back. The conversation ends when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified.
Fax data is stored separately from the print data in the device memory of the fax machine. After the fax has been printed out, the occupied memory space is released again so that the next fax can be received and stored there. Parts of the fax may remain in the memory of the device temporarily after printing until they are overwritten by the next received fax. As a rule, this leads to an automatic deletion of the data after 1-2 weeks. If it is a computer fax, we will fax your e-mail and the e-mail details will apply accordingly.
In the case of an incoming phone call or an outgoing call to us, your telephone number or yours stored name /company name as well as the date and time of the call in our telephone system stored in a so-called ring buffer, which overwrites the oldest data with new data. As a rule, this leads to an automatic deletion of the data in the telephone system after approx. 3-4 months.
The communication may, under commercial or tax law, be subject to a retention obligation, which then proceeds (cf. Remarks above on 'Data deletion and storage period').
Opposition and removal option: You have the option at any time to revoke your consent to the processing of personal data or to object to further data processing for legitimate interest ( see the reference to the special right of objection under C. this data protection notice). In such a case the conversation can not be continued. The revocation of the consent or the objection of the further data processing is made possible by informal communication to us (for example by E-Mail).
Any personal information stored in the course of making contact will be deleted in this case.
B. Scope of the processing of personal data via our website /apps
In principle, we collect and use personal data of users in the context of the use of our website and the mobile apps only to the extent necessary to provide a functional website /app and our content and services Users are usually given only after the user has given their consent, except in cases where prior consent can not be obtained for real reasons and /or the processing of the data is permitted by law.
Providing the website /app and creating log files
For technical reasons, every time the website and the app are accessed, our system automatically collects data and information, which are stored in the server's logfiles:
Date and time of access,
URL (address) of the referrer,
web pages accessed by the user's system through our website,
screen resolution of the user,
retrieved file (s) and message about the success of the retrieval,
amount of data sent,
the internet Service Provider of the user,
browser, browser type and browser version, browser engine and engine version,
operating system, operating system version, operating system type, and
the user's IP address and Internet service provider.
This data will be processed separately from other data and will be processed together with other personal data of the user User does not take place. An assignment of this data to a specific person is not possible. Purposes of data processing: The temporary processing of the data by the system is necessary in order to deliver the contents of our website /app to the computer of the user to allow. To do this, the user's IP address must be kept for the duration of the session.
Saving in log files is done to ensure the functionality of the website /app. In addition, we use the data to optimize our offer and the website /app and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.
Legal basis of the data processing: The temporary storage of the data and the log files takes place on the basis of the legal basis of the art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f) GDPR. Our overriding legitimate interest in this data processing lies in the aforementioned purposes. Duration of Storage: The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection. In the case of collection of the website /app deployment data, this is the case when the session has ended. In the case of storing the data in log files, this is the case after fourteen days at the latest. An additional storage is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated, so that a mapping of the calling client is no longer possible.
Opposition and elimination: The collection of data for the provision of the website /app and the Storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website. Consequently, there is no possibility of contradiction on the part of the user. However, the user can terminate the use of the website at any time and thus prevent further collection of the aforementioned data.
IP address processing
In addition to the above purposes, we also use your IP address in an anonymous form to create a statistical survey of the geographic use /distribution of our apps and to provide you with the correct language version Data does not take place here due to the anonymization of the IP address.
Information collected when downloading an app
When you download one of our apps, certain required information will be transmitted to the app store you have selected (eg Google Play or Apple App Store), in particular the username, the email address, the customer number of your account, the time of download, payment information and the individual device code are processed by the respective App Store and is beyond our control.
Forum about the open source tool MyBB
On the website /app you will find a suitable forum for each game, using the free OpenSopurce software of the MyBB-Group, an open developer group, to run the forum.
To Registration in the forum (https://board.evilgrog.com) will record your IP address, the time of your stay, your username, forum posts and private messages and your email address, as well as the password you provided in an encrypted form, which at no time can give an indication of the actual password.
The forum stores a so-called cookie on your computer, which will be used to identify you at a later date and secure your settings. We only access cookies created by us on your computer.
These data will be stored to identify you when you return to the forum to show you personalized content and to allow access to your personal message account. This usage data will not be transmitted to third parties.
Purposes of data processing: The operation of the various forums serves the communication of the players of our Games. The data processing is absolutely necessary in order to be able to offer the users the functions of the forum and to make the form functional. The settings of the users in the forum must be saved in order to recognize you later. To do this, the user's IP address must be kept for the duration of the session and a cookie must be set in the forum to be recognized.
The storage of the above data is done to ensure the forum's functionality. In addition, the data processing on the forums serves to optimize our offer and the website /app and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
Legal basis of the data processing: The storage of the data in the use of the forum takes place for the execution of the free use contract, which you conclude by registering with us in the forum, ie on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (b) DSGVO (contract performance). In addition, the data processing takes place on the basis of your consent, which can be seen in the registration and participation of the forum (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR). Finally, we also have a legitimate interest in the processing of data (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR), since the operation of the forum enables us to exchange players for each other's games, which in turn serves our advertising and marketing purposes . Duration of storage: The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection.
In case of collection of the data for the provision of the forum this is the case, if the respective meeting is finished or you delete your user account in the forum.
Opposition and removal possibility: If you want to revoke your consent to it, you can delete at any time your user account in our forum.
By changing the settings in your internet browser, you can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies. Therefore, you have full control over the use of cookies. Already saved cookies can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. Such a 'Do-Not-Track' setting of your browser is understood by us as a contradiction to the further collection and use of your personal data. Note: If cookies are deactivated, the forum can no longer be used as a registered user
Usage of cookies by us and by third parties
When we access individual pages, we use so-called cookies, which are small text files that are stored on your device (PC, smartphone, tablet, etc.) If you access a website, a cookie may be used by you This cookie contains a characteristic string that allows the browser to be uniquely identified when the website is re-visited.
In addition, third-party cookies may be used, if that is the case We inform you about this in this privacy policy separately in the information about the respective third-party tools (such as analysis tools, plugins, etc.).
Technically necessary cookies are used to make our website available Some elements of our website require that the calling browser be identified even after a page break, with the following data paced in the cookies stored:
Session Management
When you visit our website you are informed about the use of cookies for analysis purposes and your consent to Processing of personal data used in this collaboration.
Purpose of data processing: The purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to facilitate the use of websites for users. Some features of our website can not be offered without the use of cookies. For these it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page break.
For the following applications we need cookies:
Storage of settings during your session
The user data collected through technically necessary cookies will not be used to create user profiles.
The use of the analysis cookies is for the purpose of improving the quality of our website and its contents to improve. Through the analysis cookies, we learn how the website is used and so we can constantly optimize our offer.
Legal basis of data processing: The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Art. 6 para. 1 Letter f) GDPR, that is a legitimate interest on our part. Our legitimate interest lies in the above-mentioned purposes. The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies for analysis purposes is, if the user has consented to this, Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR, in Incidentally, a legitimate interest on our part for the purposes mentioned in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 letter f) GDPR. Duration of storage: Some of the cookies we use become after the end of the browser session, ie after closing your browser, deleted again (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and allow us or our service providers (third parties) to recognize your browser on your next visit (permanent cookies).
In addition, we store the data collected on the basis of a legitimate interest until the authorized user Interest no longer exists, the consideration comes to a different result or you have effectively filed an objection pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR (see in this regard the visually highlighted 'reference to special right of objection' under C.). It is checked regularly, at least once a year, whether the legitimate interest still exists. In particular, we are no longer interested if the data does not have sufficient relevance to us in terms of evaluation and statistics of website usage due to the passage of time, which is to be assumed after three years at the latest.
Opposition and removal option: Cookies are stored on your computer and transmitted by it to our site. Therefore, you have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your internet browser, you can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies. Already saved cookies can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. Such a 'Do-Not-Track' setting of your browser is understood by us as a contradiction to the further collection and use of your personal data. Note: If cookies are disabled for our website, it may not be possible to fully use all features of the website.
Using the Analysis Tool UnityAnalytics and UnityAds
This app /website uses UnityAnalytics and UnityAds, web analytics tools from Unity Technologies, 30 3rd St., San Francisco, CA 94103, United States (' Unity '). Unity uses so-called ' cookies ', text files, the stored on your device (PC, tablet, smartphone) and that allow an analysis of the use of the app /website by you, as well as play within the app /website advertising that meets your interests and habits.
Specifically, for this purpose, Unity collects the following data:
Your device type
Country
Language Settings
in -game Behavior and purchases
IP address
Apple's Advertising Identifier (IDFA) or Google Play advertising ID.
Learn more about Privacy Policy and the data collected by Unity can be found at https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Questions and Answers on how to deal with Unity with data and the European Datensc hutzgrundverordnung can be found here: https://unity3d.com/de/legal/gdpr
All legal information of Unity and Links /Notes on the individual data processing in German can be found here: https: //unity3d.com/legal
For the purpose of improving the quality of our website /app and its content, as well as to adapt the contents of the advertisement you have played to your habits and interests. This will tell us how the app /website is used and so we can constantly optimize our offer and adapt it to your needs. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this app /website is usually transmitted to and stored by a Unity server in the USA.
Legal basis of data processing: Legal basis for the processing of personal data Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, ie a legitimate interest on our part. Our legitimate interest lies in the above-mentioned purposes.
Duration of storage: The cookies are stored on your device and transmitted by it to our app /website. Therefore, as a user you have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your internet browser, you can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies. Already saved cookies can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are disabled for our website, it may not be possible to fully use all the functions of the website.
In addition, we store the data collected on the basis of a legitimate interest until the legitimate interest ceases to exist or if you have filed an objection pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR (see the visually highlighted 'Reference to special right of objection' under C.). It is checked regularly, at least once a year, whether the legitimate interest still exists. In particular, we are no longer interested if the data does not have sufficient relevance to us in terms of evaluation and statistics of website usage due to the passage of time, which is to be assumed after three years at the latest.
Opposition and removal option: You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; We point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the features of this website.
In addition, you can click on the 'i'in every displayed advertisement within the app /website. receive further information and at any time an opt-out, so pronounce a contradiction against the further personalization of the advertisements. This contradiction does not mean that you will no longer see ads, but the ads you see will no longer be based on your user behavior, as your user behavior will no longer be analyzed.
Data processing within apps /games
When you play one of our games, we process personally identifiable information about you.
This is in particular
your username
Your device type and operating system and version number
The payment transactions /in-app purchases triggered by your user name
Your location via the IP address
The advertisements you see
Your game data, such as game level or score
Purpose of the data processing: We need this data, first of all, to offer you the corresponding game We need the data on your behavior within the game to analyze and optimize our offers and for advertising and marketing purposes.
Legal basis of the data processing: legal basis for the Processing of personal data is Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, that is an entitlement our interest. Our legitimate interest lies in the purposes set out above.
Duration of Storage: Store the data required for playing, such as scores, score, level, username, in-app purchases, etc. as long as you do not delete your user account for the game in question.
In addition, we store the data collected on the basis of a legitimate interest for advertising and marketing purposes until the legitimate interest no longer exists To come to a different conclusion or you have effectively filed an objection pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR (see the visually highlighted 'Reference to special right of objection' under C.). It is checked regularly, at least once a year, whether the legitimate interest still exists. In particular, we are no longer interested if the data does not have sufficient relevance to us in terms of evaluation and statistics of website usage due to the passage of time, which is to be assumed after three years at the latest.
Opposition and removal option: You can prevent further data processing by deleting your user account with us and not playing our games anymore.
Use of YouTube videos on the website
Our app /website reloads Java Script Code from the company YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA (hereafter YouTube) .The YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA YouTube is an Internet video portal that allows you to view, rate and comment on video clips and other users for free by using YouTube to embed videos on our app /Website If you have JavaScript enabled in your browser and do not have a Java Script Blocker installed, your browser may submit personally identifiable information to YouTube.
Any time you visit a page that contains a YouTube Video has been integrated, the user's Internet browser will automatically download the relevant video from YouTube and let it drain.
As part of this process, YouTube and Google will know which ones concrete bottom of our website is visited by the user. If the user is logged in to YouTube at the same time, YouTube recognizes by calling a subpage that contains a YouTube video, which user specific bottom of our website visited. This information will be collected by YouTube and Google and associated with the user's YouTube account.
YouTube and Google will each receive information that the user has visited our website when the user visits the visit to our website is logged in to YouTube at the same time; this happens regardless of whether the person clicks on a YouTube video or not. If you do not wish to transfer this information to YouTube and Google, you can prevent it from being logged out of your YouTube account before you visit our website.
YouTube's privacy policy provides information about the Collection, processing, and use of personal information by YouTube and Google, and can be found here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Purpose of data processing: Embedding YouTube Videos are made for the purpose of presenting the user with multimedia content on the website, thereby enhancing and improving the user experience on the website. As our website becomes more attractive, the use of YouTube also serves our marketing and advertising purposes.
Legal basis for data processing: The legal basis for the processing of personal data is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, So a legitimate interest on our part. Our legitimate interest lies in the above-mentioned purposes.
Duration of storage: As a user, you can decide on your browser settings via the execution of the Java Script code required for the tool. By changing the settings in your Internet browser, you can disable or restrict the execution of Java Script. Note: Disabling the execution of Java Script may make it impossible to fully use all features of the app /website.
Discrimination and elimination: You can run the Java script required by the tool Prevent codes by setting your browser software accordingly; We point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website.
In order to prevent the execution of JavaScript code as a whole, you can also use a Java Script Blocker, such as install the browser plugin NoScript (eg www.noscript.net or www.ghostery.com).
Note: Disabling the execution of Java Script may render it impossible to fully use all features of the Website become.
Using Google reCAPTCHA
To protect the submission of forms (eg contact form, registration for the internal members area) we use the service reCAPTCHA of the company Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA in selected cases. < The service includes sending your IP address and any additional data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google, for which Google's divergent privacy policy applies.
By using Google reCAPTCHA, information about your use of this app /website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to, and stored by, a Google server in the US Google will, if appropriate, transfer the information gained by reCAPTCHA to third parties this is required by law or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google Google will in no case your IP address m connect it to other Google data. Nevertheless, it would be technically possible that Google could use the data received to identify at least one user. It's possible that Google's personal information and personality profiles could be processed by Google's users for other purposes we can not and do not have.
Purpose of data processing: Use of Google reCAPTCHA for the purpose of excluding so-called bots, ie small malicious programs, from affecting the security and integrity of our website and the web server. We want to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, the data is used to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
Duration of storage: As a user, you can decide on your own browser settings via the Java Script code required for the tool. By changing the settings in your Internet browser, you can disable or restrict the execution of Java Script. Note: Disabling the execution of Java Script may render it impossible to fully utilize all functions of the App /Website. Legal Basis of Data Processing: The legal basis for the processing of personal data using Google reCAPTCHA is Art 6 (1) (f) GDPR, ie a legitimate interest on our part. Our legitimate interest lies in the above purposes. The company Google Inc. has joined the 'EU-US Privacy Shield', so that the data transfer to the USA is allowed.
Opposition and removal possibility: You have the possibility to use the service of Google reCAPTCHA not to use by clicking the service button. You can then contact us otherwise, for example by e-mail or telephone.
You can also disable Java Script in your browser and thus prevent the data transfer to Google. To prevent the execution of Java Script code altogether, you can also use a Java Script Blocker, such as install the browser plugin NoScript (eg www.noscript.net or www.ghostery.com).
Note: If Java Script execution is disabled, you will not be able to use the reCAPTCHA service and ours reCAPTCHA provided contact and web forms.
Google's privacy policy can be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Furthermore, we may be using Google Fonts, which are downloaded from Google Server. The privacy policies above apply.
Encryption
The website /app and therefore the data transmission over these are encrypted according to the SSL standard (https protocol /TLS).
Transfer of personal data to a third country (EU foreign countries) < It is intended to transfer personal data to the United States of America (USA). There is an adequacy decision by the Commission of the EU stating that personal data may be transferred to the United States if: the recipient has joined the 'EU-US Privacy Shield.' Personal information will therefore only be transmitted to US recipients who have been shown to have joined the EU-US Privacy Shield Specifically, data transfer to the following companies:
UnityAnalytics and UnityAds, Web analytics tools from Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA as the provider of the analysis tool UnityAnalytics and To ols for advertising UnityAds.
Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ('Google'). as the provider of the anti-spam tool reCaptcha.
YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA as the provider of an internet video portal that includes videos. YouTube, LLC is a subsidiary of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
These companies have joined the EU-US Privacy Shield and joined one another subject to the EU level of data protection. Data transmission to these companies is therefore generally permitted. In addition, in the case of order processing with these companies, appropriate contract processing contracts were concluded to secure the data and our rights of instruction.
C. Your rights
If personal data are processed by you, you are 'concerned' and you have the following rights to us as responsible persons:
Right of information
You have the right to obtain, free of charge, confirmation of our processing of personal data concerning you, and if you do, you have the right to access this personal information and any other information you may have 15 of the GDPR, you can contact us by post or e-mail.
Right to rectification
You have the right to demand immediate correction of incorrect personal data concerning you and you have the right to complete incomplete personal data, including by means of a supplementary statement, taking into account the above-mentioned purposes of processing. You can contact us by mail or e-mail.
Right to delete
You have the right to demand the immediate deletion of personal data concerning you, if one of the requirements of article 17 GDPR is available, you can contact us by post or e-mail.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to demand that we restrict processing if one of the requirements of Article 18 of the GDPR is met, you can contact us by post or e-mail.
Right to be informed
If you have the right to rectify, delete or limit the processing to the controller, the latter is obliged to notify all recipients to whom the personal data you have disclosed this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of processing unless it proves impossible or disproportionate.
You have the right to be informed about these recipients to the controller.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the Personal Data You provide to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format and you have the right to transfer such information to another person without hindrance, if the requirements of Article 20 GDPR are met, you can contact us by post or e-mail.
Right to object to processing for legitimate interest
As far as we exceptionally process personal data on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (ie for legitimate interests), you have the right to refuse processing at any time for reasons that arise from your particular situation If we can not provide evidence of compelling legitimate reasons for further processing that outweighs your interests, rights and freedoms, or if we process that information for direct marketing purposes, we will Your data then no longer process (see Art 21 DSGVO) .You can contact us by mail or by e-mail.
As a contradiction in this sense, a technical procedure that applies You use, for example, a clear technical information that your web browser transmits to us ('Do-Not-Track' message).
Right of revocation with granted consent
You have the right to revoke your consent to the collection and use of personal data with future effect at any time by contacting us by mail or e-mail, the legality of which is based on your consent until the revocation processing is not affected.
Automated decision making including profiling
You have the right not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing - including profiling - that will have legal effect or similarly affect you in a similar manner, unless the decision is in favor of completion or the performance of a contract between you and us is required, as permitted by Union or Member State legislation to which we are subject, and this legislation contains reasonable safeguards to protect your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests or the decision is made expressly Consent.
Such automated decision-making does not take place through us.
voluntary provision of data
If the provision of personal data is required by law or contract, we generally point this out in the collection of the data.In part, the data we collect is required for a contract, namely, if we otherwise our contractual obligation to you There is no obligation for you to provide your personal information, however, failure to provide it may result in our not being able to perform or offer a service, act, activity, etc. you desire, or a contract is not possible with you.
Right of appeal to a supervisory authority
You have the right, at any time and without prejudice to any other rights, to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing concerns you personal data violates the data protection law.
For us is responsible: The State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information Baden-Württemberg, Königstraße 10A, 70173 Stuttgart, Website: www.baden-wuerttemberg.datenschutz.de
State of our privacy policy: Version 1.0 of% s