Privacy Policy | Noxfall Studios
Privacy Policy
Noxfall Studios S.L. Privacy Policy
Last Update: May 21st, 2018
Noxfall Studios provides this Privacy Policy to help you understand how information is collected and managed through your use of Noxfall Studios’s apps, website and services provided by Noxfall Studios.
Please note that this Policy applies only to information collected by Noxfall Studios. Any link to a third-party service or site does not imply that Noxfall Studios is affiliate or sponsors that third party. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these third-party.
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Support email:
support@noxfallstudios.com
Information Collection and Use
The main purpose in collecting your information is to provide the best service, improve it and to help with tracking and correcting errors. Noxfall Studios collects information and uses it as described below:
Mobile Platforms
When you use any game on a mobile platform, including Android and iOS platforms, we may collect certain information such as your device type, operating system version, Apple’s ID for advertisers (“IDFA”), country-level geographic location and your activity in-game.
Google Play Game Services (Android) and Game Center (iOS)
We may offer you the option to connect your account in the service to your account in Google Play Game Services and Apple’s Game Center. We may collect certain information from your profile in these services in accordance with the terms and policies of that Third-Party SN Service. The information collected in this manner may include your name as provided by the Third-Party SN service, your user identification number and nickname.
Noxfall Studios Website
When you browse our site, we may automatically collect information such as your IP address, operating system and browser. We may use this information to monitor your use of our site and improve the service.
Personal information
When you contact us directly to provide feedback or request support we may collect your name and e-mail address. You may contact us at any time to request that we delete all information relative to you.
Third-Party Service Providers
Noxfall Studios’ services contain software development kits (SDK’s) from third party service providers including Playfab, Google Admob and Unity Analytics. These third-party providers provide us services required by our products like back-end management, analytics and advertising. Link to privacy policy of these third-party providers are shown below:
Playfab
Unity Analytics
Google Admob
Disclosure of your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information
We will not share your personal information unless:
You have expressed your consent to do so.
The disclosure is required by legislation.
The disclosure is necessary for detecting and preventing fraud or security breaches.
Children’s Privacy
If you are under the age of 13, you should ask for your legal guardian’s permission to play our games before starting. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information to anyone under 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our services. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are parent or legal guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so we can be able to do necessary actions.
User Rights
You may request access to the personal information we hold about you, change or delete it by contacting us. If you request us to delete all your information your account may become suspended or deleted.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we strain to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
Data Retention
We retain your information for as long as we need it to provide you our Services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact
If you have further questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Support email:
support@noxfallstudios.com
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use