Azel Games » Privacy Policy
☰
×
Home
Privacy Policy
Home
Games
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Home
»
Privacy Policy
About Us
AzelGames
respects the privacy of its users and is committed to protecting the Users’ information. We maintain even more stringent standards for protecting the privacy and security of children accessing our games and applications.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 31/12/2021 and is in effect unless another date is specified, applying to part or whole of this document.
Changes and Amendments
AzelGames
reserves the right to change this policy to conform with laws or standards, better serve user needs or adjust to lawful company requirements.
As this policy may be changed at any time without prior notice, we encourage users to frequently review this privacy policy to stay up to date with any modifications.
Children and Families Policy
Personalized advertisements are NOT used in games designed for families.
We ensure that the advertisements we display are correctly implemented for our apps and games that are designed for families. This includes making sure the advertisements displayed in the app are approved for families and children.
Google Play approved Third-party Ad Networks
Adcolony
AppLovin
Google Ad Manager
Google Admob
InMobi
ironSource
Unity
Vungle Privacy
COPPA
Certified Games for Families:
AzelGames
is committed to ensuring the online privacy of children wherever they might be.
AzelGames
has established COPPA compliant practices to ensure the preservation of online children’s privacy in all of it’s relevant games and apps.
No Personalized Ads in Games Designed for Families
Our apps and games that have been designed for Families and children do not serve personalized ads. We do not serve interest based advertising to games in this category.
Data Handling
Types of Data
We do not collect personally identifiable information from children.
We do not allow children to submit any personal information to us, including but not limited to names, addresses or email addresses.
In case we find that a child has submitted their personal information to us, it is removed from our servers as soon as possible.
Understanding Usage of Data
The services we employ, such as ad networks allow us to monetize our advertising inventory by allowing advertisers to provide personalized advertisements to users by allowing google play approved ads to run in our apps/ games.
Delivering these services requires the collection, handling and use of data from our users for lawful purposes. Where a user cannot reasonably expect the collection of sensitive information, we have added in app disclosures and descriptions in the privacy policy of what data is collected and for what purposes.
Examples of the data collected under these scenarios and the mechanism for ensuring the legality of data collection and usage is briefly illustrated below.
We may collect and use data collected for such purposes as:
To comply with the user request and fulfill the services that the user has downloaded and installed the game or application for: This data is necessary for the service being requested by the user so is sought to complete their request in a completely lawful manner
Security
AzelGames
makes all reasonable efforts to ensure the security of the data that it has access to.
It uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards to keep the data it collects as secure as possible and ensures that the third parties it works with agree to do the same. The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to only those people who need it to complete their work for
AzelGames
, using a fire-wall in conditions where data is stored, and storing personal information in secure operating environments.
Registration:
In some of our games, there may exist an option to create a profile or a virtual avatar that is visible to other users.
If you create an account, you may provide us with your name, a username, age and other information that helps us confirm that it is you accessing your account. We may do this through in-game dialog boxes, which you may choose to skip.
Your account may be used to publicly identify you as part of social features of the Services, which may include user-to-user interaction, chat or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition, and other similar features.
The username will be public and will be shown to other users, but will only permit access to information that is considered public or that you have designated as public in your user profile settings.
Payment Information:
Some games of ours may allow you to place an order of goods or services through us. Goods may include any virtual currency or virtual goods. Our payment processing service provider will collect your details such as name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, and complete credit card information that is required to receive the payment and complete the transaction.
Data Retention and Deletion Policy
Personally identifiable information is retained only as long as necessary to service the relevant request. For instance, to complete a payment transaction and provide the in-app purchase requested. Data is retained until it can be reasonably expected that the data will not be required further. For instance, payment information may be retained for a set period of time which constitutes the refund window.
Once it cannot be expected that the information will be used to provide a relevant, lawful service to the user, it is deleted from the memory.
If you have communicated any personal information to us that you would like to be deleted from our stores, kindly contact
azelgames03@gmail.com
How We May Share Your Information To Third Parties
We do not share your personal data with third parties without your prior consent.
To provide the necessary services, we have to share some information with approved third party services. For instance, to cooperate with the authorities.
SUPPORT OR CONTACT US:
Contact us on any queries at:
azelgames03@gmail.com
address
44 D1, Gulberg III, Lahore, Punjab.
email
azelgames03@gmail.com
© Copyright Azel Games 2024,
All Rights Reserved.