DODISOFT GAMES : PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
DODISOFT GAMES : PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
This is the Privacy & Cookies Policy of DODISOFT Games.All Rights Reserved.

If you have any queries about this Policy, please contact DODISOFT Games using the contact details below.

Who this Policy applies to : By playing the Games or visiting the Website you are agreeing to be bound by this Policy in respect of the information collected about you. DODISOFT Games may change this Policy at any time.This Policy applies to the following people: people who use the Games and job applicants and former employees
People who use the Games:

DODISOFT Games will collect the following information from you when you use the Games:

-If you sign into one of the Games through a social network information that network may allow information about you to be accessed by DODISOFT Games. For example on Facebook, your Facebook ID, email address, information relating to your friends, profile picture, gender, language, geo-location or the device you are using. However, you can change what information DODISOFT Games can access by changing your privacy features on such social networks;
-If you sign up to one of the Games, we may collect your name, your e-mail address and device you are using; 
-information in relation to your purchases 
-information collected by DODISOFT Games use of cookies (Detailed Below Table 1)
What if DODISOFT Games cannot collect this information:

-You can use privacy settings on your social networks to prevent us collecting certain of the above information about you. If you still have concerns about the information we collect please contact us at any time by sending an e-mail to dodisoft@gmail.com
Financial Information:

-Your purchase and in-app purchases within the Games are handled through the platform on which you purchased the Game or through other payment processors (e.g. the Apple App Store, Google Play). DODISOFT Games does not retain any card or payment details, although DODISOFT Games does keep a record of your purchases and your aggregate spending.
People who contact to DODISOFT Games by email

-DODISOFT Games will only use this information to process the complaint and to check on DODISOFT Games services and staff.
How DODISOFT Games uses collected information from people who play the Games:

DODISOFT Games may use your information to:
facilitate the improvement of the Games and your experience of the Games;
prevent fraud or illegal activities;
provide technical support in relation to player enquires, resolving disputes, collecting fees and troubleshooting;
complete your transactions;
share with third parties for the purposes as described in paragraph below.
Sharing information with third parties :

-DODISOFT Games will not pass your information to third party advertisers for them to market to you other than as described in this paragraph. subject to its obligations to comply with applicable data protection legislation, share your information with third parties including:

as part of the Games your information (for example your name, profile picture or user ID) may be posted on a Leaderboard of top scorers within the Game to be shared with other players and your social networks. You may also share elements of your performance or participation in the Games (e.g. your personal car design) with other players and your social networks;
in anonymised form with data aggregators and service providers as part of an analysis of player metrics or sales performance; or
with law enforcement agencies in compliance with law enforcement.
Security:

-DODISOFT Games has implemented technology and policies to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use.DODISOFT Games has implemented technology and policies to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use
Third Party Cookies:

-Third Party advertisers may place or read cookies on your browser or device in the Games. This Policy is applicable only to the use of cookies by DODISOFT Games and does not cover the use of cookie by any third parties (including advertisers ).
DODISOFT Games's Policy towards children:

-DODISOFT Games's Games are intended for anyone who is legally entitled to own a device that access them and play them and anyone who is legally entitled to make in-app purchases by the payment functionality the Games provide. However, DODISOFT Games does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information in relation to children under the age of 13.
Cookies:

What are Cookies? Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device when you play a Game. DODISOFT Games's use of cookies is detailed below. Session cookies enable you to move from page to page within websites, Facebook or Games and any information you enter will be remembered but is deleted when you close your browser or after a short time. Persistent cookies allow us to remember your preferences and settings when you play the Games in the future, in different browser sessions.
Contact details:

Google, one of our third-party advertisers, may add a cookie to determine targeted advertisements based on your preferences and your visit to our site and other sites on the internet. You can choose to opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Google Analytics DODISOFT Games uses Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use the Website, which DODISOFT Games use to help improve it. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the Website, where visitors have come to the Website from and the pages they visited.
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/

Performance Cookies DODISOFT Games uses persistent cookies and session cookies to, for example, assist in the navigation around the Games, to enhance your use of the Games and to support graphic and video features;

Analytics Cookies DODISOFT Games uses cookies to collect information about how you use our games including information such as how long you are on particular pages, how often you use our games, what you do, what you view and what you buy in our games

We respect your privacy. We won’t use your E-mail id and name other than sending you news letter ( if you have subscribed ) or contact you in reference to any issue which is currently open or was open in past between you and Dodisoft.

We won’t share your personal data e.g. E-mail id, Contact Number with any third party which is not related with Dodisoft.

We display some paid advertisement on the website,which may lead you to some external website. We are not responsible for the content of the external website.

Google, one of our third-party advertisers, may add a cookie to determine targeted advertisements based on your preferences and your visit to our site and other sites on the internet. You can choose to opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy
.

We collect the following categories of your personal information and may sell it to third parties: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from these categories.

http://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en

You can send us an email to dodisoft(at)gmail.com for your personal data deletion requests.

Copyright 2017,
http://dodisoft.com