Murder Us
Saltar al contenido
Murder Us
Página de inicio
Cheshirex and Murder Us Privacy Policy
We at Chesirex and Murder Us take the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly abide by the regulations of the world data protection act. Personal data will only be collected to an extent that is technically required. In no case this data will be sold or passed on to third parties for any other reasons.
The following declaration gives you an overview on how this protection is guaranteed and which kind of data is collected for which purposes.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers fine tune our product. We do not gather any data from the child other than first name and reading age. This is only stored locally on the device and is optional. It never leaves the device, and will be erased if the user deletes the app.
DOES THE APPLICATION COLLECT PRECISE REAL TIME LOCATION INFORMATION OF THE DEVICE?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. If Cheshirex or Murder Us is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you.
WHAT ARE MY OPT-OUT RIGHTS?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at:
alexshady008@gmail.com
DATA RETENTION POLICY, MANAGING YOUR INFORMATION
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to one year and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at
alexshady008@gmail.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
SECURITY
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application.Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy.
Play this game here:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cheshirex.murderus
This website is owned and operated by Alexis Benitez.
Murder Us
,
Blog de WordPress.com.
Privacidad y cookies: este sitio utiliza cookies. Al continuar utilizando esta web, aceptas su uso.
Para obtener más información, incluido cómo controlar las cookies, consulta aquí:
Política de cookies
Seguir
Siguiendo
Murder Us
Suscríbeme
¿Ya tienes una cuenta de WordPress.com?
Inicia sesión
.
Murder Us
Personalizar
Seguir
Siguiendo
Regístrate
Iniciar sesión
Copiar enlace corto
Denunciar este contenido
View post in Reader
Gestionar las suscripciones
Contraer esta barra
Cargando comentarios...
Escribe un comentario...
Correo electrónico (Obligatorio)
Nombre (Obligatorio)
Web
Diseña un sitio como este con WordPress.com
Comenzar