Games Pack
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Games Pack
Privacy Policy
Games Pack built the All Games as a Free. This SERVICE is provided by Games Pack at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at All Games unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
Games Pack
collects information as described below.
Games Pack
primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use.
Information Types
In this Privacy Policy, data is contained on two terms. Which are “Personal” and “Non Personal” Data.
Games Pack
may use personal and non-personal data. Both individually and combined together for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customers, technical support, managing, providing Services (including managing advertisement serving), customizing
Games Pack
communications, to further develop the Services, other
Games Pack
services and products.
Games Pack
may combine non-personal data with personal data.
a. Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual. Likely situations when you make personal data available to
Games Pack
include, but are not limited to:
registration for Services, including leader boards;
subscribing to newsletters;
requesting technical support; and
otherwise through use of
Games Pack
Services where personal data is required for use or participation.
The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data
Games Pack
may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/user name,
Games Pack
Services’ or third party service ID, e-mail address.
Games Pack
may use your personal data to send messages to you with informative or commercial content about
Door To App's
services or third party products and services
Games Pack
thinks may be of interest to you. Such as new features, services, special offers and updated information.
b.Non-Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data Games Pack collects about the use of Games Pack Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed. Games Pack may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Games Pack to identify you. Analytic companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how Services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. From time to time, we may ask you to complete a voluntary survey in order to help us provide a better user experience. We will only request and therefore collect non-personal data.
How we use the information
We do not retain any personal data for longer than necessary. We may use information to ensure that users are in compliance with our terms. By using the Services and agreeing to this Privacy Policy, users authorize us to use their information for our general commercial purposes including sending email, SMS or other notifications to them relating to the Services.
How we disclose or publish your information
We may disclose or publish aggregated information (information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you), other non-personal information about our players for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, and advertising and other business purposes.
How we share your information
In addition, we will share your information (which may include personal information) with third parties (in other words, parties other than Games Pack) or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services in the following circumstances:
You're Consent
With your consent, we may share your information with third parties or allow them to collect your information from our Services in some ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
Third-party services
The Services may link to external sites that are beyond our control. This Privacy Policy only covers the way we treat personal information and non-personal information we collect on the Services. By accessing any external sites, you agree to the privacy policies of those sites. Please understand that external sites may have different policies with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. We have no control over and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of such third parties.
Therefore, you are encouraged to review the privacy policies of all third parties' services. Without limiting anything in the following section, we are not liable in any way for the actions, inactions or policies of any external services.
Advertisement By Admob, privacy
policy:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Advertisement & Analytics By Unity, Privacy
Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertisement By Chartboost, privacy
policy:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, they will be re-posted in the "Privacy" section of our websites and apps with the date the modifications were made indicated at the top of the page. Therefore, please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware when any changes are made to it. Your continued use of the Services after such change(s) constitutes your acceptance of any such change(s), and if you do not accept any changes, you may choose not to use the Services or opt-out by sending us appropriate notice. If you would like further information about any recent changes made, please send your request to viralgamespack@gmail.com and include “Information about Changes” in the subject line.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at viralgamespack@gmail.com.
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse