COOLFISH Privacy Policy(Global except China)
中国区
Global
Last update: May 18, 2022.
CoolFish hereby reminds users to carefully read the terms of this Privacy Policy (minors should be accompanied by their legal guardians), and choose to accept or not accept this privacy policy.
You are welcome to use the services provided by CoolFish, including but not limited to your interaction with CoolFish and/or your use of products or services provided by CoolFish (hereinafter collectively referred to as "CoolFish Services" or "Services"); CoolFish in order to protect users' privacy during the use of CoolFish Services, CoolFish hereby explains to you how we collect, use, store and share such information when using CoolFish Services, as well as the means we provide for you to access, update, control and protect such information.
This Privacy Policy applies to the cool Fish service we provide to you. When you use the services provided by us, we will process and protect your personal information in accordance with this policy.
If you are a minor under the age of 18 (especially a child under the age of 14, or a person without full capacity for civil conduct), CoolFish reminds you that you need to read this Privacy Policy with your guardian. Please make sure that you and your guardian read it carefully. Please use the products and services provided by CoolFish after obtaining the consent of your guardian on all terms of this Privacy Policy.
Special instructions of the guardian:
If we learn that a minor in your custody is under the age of 14 or is not fully competent for civil conduct, we will take special measures in accordance with this Privacy Policy to protect the personal information we obtain about the minor in your custody. Please help us protect the personal information and privacy security of minors under your custody. They are required to read and accept this Privacy Policy together under your custody, and submit their personal information and use CoolFish Service under your consent and guidance. If you do not agree with the contents of this Privacy Policy, you should ask the minors under your custody or those without full civil capacity to immediately stop accessing/using CoolFish Service. By clicking your consent to this Privacy Policy, or by using/continuing to use our services for minors under your guardianship or persons under your guardianship without full civil capacity, you and the minors under your guardianship or persons without full civil capacity agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
Special notes for Children:
1.We suggest that any child who participates in online activities should obtain prior consent from his/her guardian. If you are a child, please inform your guardian to read this Privacy Policy together and seek and obtain your guardian's consent and guidance before you submit your personal information or use CoolFish services. If you agree to this Privacy Policy, or if you use/continue to use CoolFish services or submit personal information, you have obtained the permission of your guardian and your guardian agrees to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
2.Please note that we may review and update the Privacy Policy from time to time and the relevant measures may change accordingly; We may modify the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, and such modifications form part of this Privacy Policy. Please pay attention to our official page at any time to ensure that you are always aware of the latest version of our privacy policy. If you believe that such modification materially reduces your rights under this Privacy Policy, you may choose to stop using the services provided by us; In this case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by this Revised Privacy Policy. After reading this Privacy Policy, if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or matters related to this Privacy Policy, you can contact us through the customer service information published by CoolFish official.
1. CoolFish collected information:
We collect, store or otherwise use the following information about you when we provide our services to you. If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to register as a user of us or enjoy some or all of our products or services, or achieve the intended effect of the relevant services. You understand and agree that some individual services may require you to enable specific access rights in your device for the collection and use of information related to these rights; We will collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:
1.1 Information you voluntarily provide when using our products or services includes but is not limited to:
1.1.1 To help you to complete the login and authentication, you are using our products or services, provide us with personal information, such as name, valid identity certificate number, IP address(name and id number is used only for national network game anti-addiction real-name authentication system, this part we won't record your information);
1.1.2 Shared information that you provide to other parties through our products or services, and information stored when you use our products or services;
1.2.1 Log Information refers to the technical information that may be automatically collected by the system through cookies, Web Beacon or other means when you use our products or services, including but not limited to:
1.2.1.1 Equipment or software Information, For example, configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser or other programs used to access our products or services, your IPAddress, terminal equipment (including but not limited to mobile phones, tablets, computers, mobile smart devices, console, customer equipment, wireless router, operating system and other necessary hardware and software) or surf the Internet device version, the equipment used in the identification code, device ID, name of equipment, equipment type and version, MAC address, application, system version Information such as ID and network type;
1.2.1.2 User's game behavior log, such as log information, such as login log, item log, game matchmaking information, friend making records, etc.
1.2.1.3 In order to provide security for you, it will collect your game identification information, hardware and operating system information, progress and game crash records and other information to crack down on activities that destroy the fair environment of the game or interfere with or destroy the normal operation of the game service (such as detecting piracy, scanning plug-ins and preventing cheating, etc.);
1.2.1.4 Provide security guarantee for you, collect, use or integrate your account information, device information, log information and information authorized by CoolFish or shared by you in accordance with the law to comprehensively judge your account and transaction risks, conduct identity authentication, detect and prevent security incidents, And take necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures according to law;
1.2.2 Location Information refers to the location information collected when you enable the device location function and use the location-based services provided by us, including the location information collected through GPS or WiFi when you use our services through mobile devices with location function.
1.2.3 Real-time information provided by you or other users that contains your geographical location, such as information about your local area contained in the account information provided by you, shared information that shows your current or previous geographical location uploaded by you or others, geo-tagged information contained in photos shared by you or others; You can stop the collection of your location information by turning off location.
1.3 Your information is contained in the information provided and/or shared by other users when they use our products or services.
2.How does Coolfish use your information
2.1 To provide products or services to you. You need to provide basic information in order for us to provide you with products or services. We collect and use information in order to provide you with cool fish products or services.
2.1.1 In the use of some products or services, if you only need to use basic services such as browsing and searching, you do not need to register or log in CoolFish account and provide the above information;
2.1.2 When we provide products or services, it will be used for authentication, customer service, security prevention, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
2.1.3 Help us design new products or services to improve our existing products or services;
2.1.4 Enable us to better understand how you access and use our products or services, so as to respond to your personalized needs, such as language setting, location setting, personalized help services and instructions, or make other responses to you and other users of our services;
2.1.5 Help you to view your game history and historical data review on the client;
2.1.6 It is used to filter inappropriate content such as pornography, violence, politics, abuse and malicious advertising, so as to purify the game environment and maintain a healthy online environment;
2.1.7 It is used to judge whether your game behavior is in line with the characteristics of juvenile game behavior, so as to decide whether to include this account in the anti-addiction system and the specific anti-addiction measures to be taken;
2.1.8 Provide you with advertisements that are more relevant to you in place of advertisements commonly placed
2.1.9 Evaluate and improve the effectiveness of advertising and other promotional and promotional activities in our products or services;
2.1.10 Software certification or management software upgrade;
2.1.11 Allow you to participate in the survey of our products and services.
2.2 Push messages to you.
2.2.1 Display and push products or services for you. We may use your information, your browsing and search records, equipment information, location information, order information, extract your browsing, search preferences, habits, location information, such as characteristics, and based on the characteristics of the label by E-mail, SMS, phone or other ways to send you marketing information, provide or promote the sale of our products or services.
2.2.2 Notice to you. We may notify you of the services when necessary (such as when we suspend the services for system maintenance, change or terminate the provision of a single service).
2.3 Improve our products or services. In order to provide you with a better experience, improve our products or services or for other purposes you agree to, we may use the personal information collected by us through one of our products or services in a pooled information or personalized way for other products or services provided that we comply with relevant laws and regulations.
2.3.1 Your personal information collected when you use one of our products or services may be used in another of our products or services to provide you with specific content or to show you information that is relevant to you rather than generally pushed to you;
2.3.2 We may allow you to participate in the investigation of cool fish products or services to help us improve existing services or design new services; At the same time, we may use your information for software updates;
2.3.3 We may use your game data and information for statistical analysis of game operation, customer service complaint handling and other game security analysis, and to improve your game experience, we may synchronize such information to subsequent versions of the game or other products provided by us that you are using;
2.3.4 After collecting your information, we will de-label the data by technical means. The de-labeled information will not be able to identify you. In this case, we may use the de-labeled information to analyze the user database and make commercial use of it.
2.4 Provide security for you
2.4.1 Ensure the security of your game account, create a fair, healthy and safe game environment, and crack down on any behavior that damages the fair game environment or interferes with or damages the normal operation of the game service (such as detecting piracy, scanning plug-ins, preventing cheating, etc.);
2.4.2 for improving the security of your use of cool fish service, to protect your personal property or other users or the general public security from the infringement, to better prevent fishing website, fraud, the network vulnerability, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusion security risks, such as more accurately identify service agreement rules violation of laws and regulations or cool fish. If we use your information for other purposes not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will seek your consent in advance. In addition, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and national standards, we may share, transfer or publicly disclose personal information without prior authorization from you in the following situations:
(1) those directly related to national security and national defense security;
(2) those directly related to public security, public health or major public interests;
(3) those directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
(4) For the purpose of safeguarding the life, property and other important legal rights and interests of the user as the subject of personal information or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the user;
(5) The collected personal information is disclosed to the public by the user as the subject of personal information;
(6) Collect information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
(7) it is necessary to sign and perform the contract according to the requirements of the user as the subject of personal information;
(8) Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the CoolFish service provided by CoolFish, such as finding and disposing of faults of products or services;
(9) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
3. How does CoolFish share, transfer or disclose your personal information
We will try to take appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update and correct your registration information or other personal information provided when using our products or services. When accessing, updating, correcting and deleting your personal information, we may require you to verify your identity to protect the security of your account.
3.1 How do we share your information
We strictly limit the sharing of information in accordance with laws and regulations. We will not share your information with any third party other than CoolFish without your consent, except in the following circumstances:
3.1.1 To provide you with our products or services, we may share your information with our partners and other third parties to realize the core functions or provide the services you need, such as providing the corresponding order information to the logistics service provider; Provide corresponding contact information to the communication service provider;
3.1.2 Maintain and improve our products or services. We may share your information with our partners and other third parties to help us provide you with more targeted and perfect services, such as: providing logistics service providers with corresponding order information; Provide corresponding contact information to the communication service provider;
3.1.3 Achieve the purpose described in section 2 "How CoolFish Use Your Information" of this Privacy Policy;
3.1.4 Perform our obligations and exercise our rights under this Privacy Policy or other agreements we have entered into with you;
3.1.5 Share with third parties such as the partners who entrust us with the promotion, but we will only provide these clients with information about the coverage and effectiveness of the promotion, and will not provide information that can identify you, or we will aggregate such information so that it does not identify you personally;
3.1.6 Provide your information in accordance with the provisions of national laws and regulations;
3.1.7 Provide your information as required by national judicial organs or other relevant authorities in accordance with legal procedures;
3.1.8 Based on the legal requirements of the user or the user's guardian;
3.1.9 Appropriate disclosure in accordance with laws and regulations for the protection of CoolFish or your legitimate rights and interests;
3.1.10 In case of emergency, provide your information in accordance with laws and regulations to protect the personal safety of other users and third parties;
3.1.11 Provide your information to safeguard the interests of the public;
3.1.12 Provide your information in accordance with the single service agreement signed with you or other legal documents. We will only share your information for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes. If we share your Personal Information with any such third party, we will endeavor to ensure that such third party's use of your Personal Information complies with laws and regulations, this Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures we require them to comply with.
3.2 How do we transfer your Information
As our business continues to grow, we may enter into mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, and your information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will require the new company or organization that holds your information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy and to continue to protect your personal Information; otherwise, we will require the company or organization to re-ask you for authorization.
3.3 How do we disclose your Information
We will only in the following cases, and in accordance with industry standard security protection measures under the premise of disclosure of your information: according to the requirements of laws and regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or legal requirements must be provided by your information, we may according to the types of information requested and disclose your information disclosure way. Subject to compliance with laws and regulations, when we receive the above disclosure request, we will require the recipient to issue the corresponding legal document, such as subpoena or letter of investigation. We firmly believe that we should be as transparent as the law allows about the information we are asked to provide. We carefully review all requests to ensure they have a legitimate basis and are limited to data that law enforcement has a legitimate right to obtain for specific investigative purposes.
3.4. How do we retain, store and protect your information
We retain your personal information only for the period of time necessary for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and as long as required by laws and regulations. We will take the following measures to protect your information:
3.4.1 Data security technical measures. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure of information. For example, in some services, we will use encryption techniques such as SSL to protect the personal information you provide to us. However, please understand that due to the limitations of technology and risk prevention, even though we have tried to strengthen security measures, we cannot always guarantee the security of information. We hope you understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access and/or use our products or services may have problems due to circumstances beyond our control.
3.4.2 Other security measures we take to protect your personal Information. We manage the storage and use of standardized information by establishing data classification and classification system, data safety management standard and data safety development standard. We have comprehensive security control over data through contact privacy policies, monitoring and audit mechanisms; Strengthen employees' awareness of the importance of protecting information by strengthening security awareness; We only allow CoolFish employees and partners who need to know this information to access your information, and set up a strict access control and monitoring mechanism; We also require all persons who may have access to your information to perform the corresponding confidentiality obligations. We will endeavor to ensure that such persons comply with this when accessing your personal information.
The Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures we require them to comply with. Failure to comply with these obligations may result in legal liability or termination of the partnership with CoolFish; We take all reasonably practicable steps to ensure that irrelevant information is not collected.
The Internet environment is not 100% secure and we will do our best to ensure or vouch for the security of any information you send us. If our physical, technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering or destruction of information, which results in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will assume corresponding legal liabilities within the scope of Chinese laws and regulations.
This Privacy Policy only applies to the personal information of users collected by us, and does not apply to the services provided by any third party or the rules for the use of information by any third party. We do not assume any responsibility for the damage to your legitimate rights and interests caused by the use of information provided by you by any third party.
3.4.3 Method and duration of information storage
We guarantee that the personal information we collect and generate in the People's Republic of China will be stored in the People's Republic of China. Does not obtain your express authorization or explicit provisions of laws and regulations; And/or at the request of relevant authorities, we will not transfer your personal information abroad.
We will store your information in a secure way, including local storage (e.g. data caching with APP), database and server logs. We guarantee that we will only store your personal information for a period of time necessary to realize the purpose of our services or under the conditions and period stipulated by laws and regulations.
4. Your right to manage personal information
We understand your concern about your personal information and do our best to ensure your right to query and delete your personal information, so that you have full capabilities to protect your privacy and security. Your rights include:
4.1 You have the right to query your personal information
You can query the personal information you have provided in accordance with the relevant instructions (or Settings) of the products and services we provide
Account information: You can view your profile page at any time through the relevant in-game page, including: nickname, level, etc
4.2 You have the right to delete your personal information
For your personal account information, you can contact us to apply for account deletion through the way provided in this Privacy Policy. After your application is approved, we will delete your account and delete your personal information.
5. Third party services in our services
Our services may include or link to social media or other services (including websites) provided by third parties. Such as:
You can use the "Share" button to share certain content with our products or services, or you can use a third party connection service
Log in to our products or services. These functions may collect your information (including your log information) and may install cookies on your computer so as to operate the above functions properly;
We provide you with links through advertising or other means of our services so that you can access third party services or websites. Such third-party social media or other services are operated by the relevant third party. Your use of such third party's social media services or other services (including any personal information you provide to such third party) is governed by the third party's own terms of Service and Personal Information Protection Statement (not this Privacy Policy), which you need to read carefully. This Privacy Policy only applies to the personal information of users collected by us, and does not apply to the services provided by any third party or the rules for the use of information by any third party. We do not assume any responsibility for the damage to your legitimate rights and interests caused by the use of information provided by you by any third party.
6. Protection of minors
CoolFish attaches great importance to the information security and protection of minors, we follow the relevant provisions and requirements of the national anti-addiction policy, the implementation of anti-addiction system. We will verify the real-name identity and other information to determine whether the real-name information of the relevant account is a minor and your age range, and then decide whether to include the account into the anti-addiction system. In addition, we will collect your login time, game duration and other information to judge and decide on anti-addiction measures, guide minors to play reasonably, and try to contact their guardians after suspected minors consume to remind, confirm and deal with, so as to help minors to surf the Internet in a healthy way.
7. scope of application
Except for certain specific products or services, this Privacy Policy applies to our products or services. These specific products or services will be subject to specific personal information protection statements. These personal Information protection statements for specific products or services form part of this Privacy Policy.
If there is any inconsistency between a specific Privacy Policy and this Privacy Policy, the specific privacy Policy shall prevail within the constraints of the specific privacy Policy.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party products or services accessed through our products or services (including but not limited to any third party websites) or information collected by third parties.
8. Modification of the Agreement
We may revise this License agreement from time to time, so please review this License Agreement frequently. Your continued use of our products and services means your acceptance of these changes.
9. Contact information
If you have any comments or suggestions on this Privacy Policy or other related matters, you can contact us through the official customer service information of CoolFish and the following contact information, and we will give you necessary help:
Contact email: custom_service@coolfishgames.com