Privacy Policy – Mobiloids
Skip to content
Home
about
games
our team
Contacts
Privacy Policy
Jobs
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by Mobiloids (Creative soft LLC),. ( “we” “us” or “our”) through our mobile applications and website and how we use that information.
We Collect Limited Information with Our Applications.
Use of information – purpose and legal basis
We use information about you for the following purposes in accordance with the legal bases for each type of personal data as described below to provide non-child users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners(as further specified under Sharing of Information)for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in the App (behavioral advertising). Our processing for the above purpose is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR . The disclosure of your advertising ID to third parties for the purposes of behavioral advertising is based on your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR .
We Comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 in violation of COPPA, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user. We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. We don’t rent, sell or share your email address. (i) We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you. (ii) We may share your email address and/or Support Information: (a) to protect the security or integrity of our website and Apps, (b) to take precautions against liability; (c) to respond to judicial process, or (d) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; and where such information is not used for any other purpose, all in compliance with Section 312.5(c)(6) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. Cookies When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your device that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Mobiloids (Creative soft LLC) uses advertising service providers that may collect information from you as part of their process of serving advertisements in our products. In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Mobiloids’s advertising partners in the EAA all function as independent data controllers. Prior to showing you personalized advertisements, you will be asked whether you consent to sharing your information with the advertising company. If you are a resident of an EEA country and you indicate that you are below the age of 16, you will be served non-personalized ads and the advertising companies will not collect personal information from you.
Collection of other “Non-Personal” Information
Our apps may contain APIs from third parties. Our third party partners and their privacy policies are as follows: Google Analytics for Firebase https://cloud.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms our third party patner collects Device identifier, advertising identifier, IP Address, location
Sharing of information.
The App offers social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button or “share” button), which let you share actions you take in the App with other media . You must be over the minimum age limit that is prescribed by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions to use any social sharing features integrated in the App. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. The App has social features from the following providers : Facebook For more information about the processing carried out by the respective third parties in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features , which can be found here :
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Push notifications
We send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide game – related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages , if you have agreed to such notifications . You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
Your Rights
Right to erasure
Under the GDPR you have a right to ask Mobiloids and our third party partners erase the personal information we have collected from you without undue delay.
Right to portability
Under the GDPR you have a right to request a copy of the personal data Mobiloids and our third party partners have collected from you.
The right to withdraw consent
If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (Article 7 of the GDPR). If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data.
Right to object
Under the GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your data. If you want to object to the processing of your data, contact us at mobiloids@gmail.com
The right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you have provided us with which we process in a structured, commonly used and machine – readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller if the processing is based on consent or contract performance ..
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If we make changes in the way we use your email address, we will notify you in advance of posting by email. Such modifications will become effective on the date set forth in the email.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at info
mobiloids@gmail.com
. Last updated June 3, 2018
Mobiloids
© Mobiloids 2018