WordPuz
WordPuz
搜索此网站
Privacy Policy
网站地图
Privacy Policy
BRIEF INTRODUCTION
Welcome!
This Privacy Policy explains how we collects, uses, and shares your personal
information while you play our games and/or use our websites that link to this
Privacy Policy.
HOW & WHEN WE
COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
From
the moment you begin interacting with us, we are collecting information.
Sometimes the personal data we collect is provided by you and sometimes it is
collected automatically.
You
give us data when you: register or update a account, update your profile or
other account details, use our paid-for services, apply for a job with us,
attend an interview or assessment, opt-in to our marketing messages, subscribe
to our mailing lists, call us, email us, live chat with us online, chat to us
in-game, make a purchase from us, enter one of our competitions and/or answer one
of our surveys, fill in a form conduct a search or post content on our website,
interact with other users on our online services, register to attend our events
or ‘follow’, ‘like’, post to or interact with our social media accounts.
We
collect your data automatically when you: browse and/or use any of our website
pages, interact with other users on our online services, receive an email from
us, log into your account, play one of our games, live chat with us online,
chat to us or other users in-game or make a purchase from us.
WHAT INFORMATION
DO WE COLLECT?
We
aim to minimize how much personal information we collect from users when they
play the Games. We collect the personal information that you voluntarily
provide to us, but most of our data collection is limited to the following
types of data, which do not identify you personally but may uniquely identify
the device you are using to play to the Games.
Device
and Usage Information that may include
：
(i)
information specific to your mobile device (e.g., make, model, operating
system, advertising identifier and similar information);
(ii)
information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the
device;
(iii)
signal strength relating to WiFi or Bluetooth functionality, temperature,
battery level, and similar technical data.
WHY & HOW WE
USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We
will only use your personal data for certain specified reasons and only where
we have a lawful basis to do so. Below are the reasons we use your personal
information and the lawful bases for doing so:
Registering your
account
When
you sign up to use our website, we will use the details provided on your
account registration form.
Our
lawful basis for this use of your data is: performing our contract with you.
Keeping our
websites and gaming services running
Providing
you our games and services online, login authentication, age verification,
remembering your settings, processing payments, hosting and back-end
infrastructure and access to our websites.
Our
lawful bases for this use of your data are: performing our contract with you,
to comply with our legal obligations or legitimate interests to keep our
services running.
Enabling you to
communicate with other users
Certain
parts of our websites and online services enable you to communicate and
interact with other users. We will use information you have provided us to
enable these interactions and communications on our websites and online
services.
Our
lawful basis for this use of your data is: performing our contract with you.
Processing
payments
We
will use your information to process payments for our goods and services.
Our
lawful basis for this use of your data is: performing our contract with you.
Targeted
advertising
Through
cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons and tracking pixels we will use your
information to deliver relevant advertisements and offers to you and measure
the effectiveness of the advertising and offers. These technologies connect
your behaviour across different websites, mobile apps and devices and enable
tailored advertising to be served to your game, web browser, or mobile device.
Our
lawful basis for this use of your data is: your consent.
Social media
We
will use your information to communicate with you where you message us, respond
to our posts, “like” our posts, tweet or retweet us or otherwise interact with
us directly on social media platforms.
Our
lawful bases for this use of your data are: our legitimate interests in
promoting our brand and communicating with interested individuals.
Anti-cheat,
anti-tampering, fraud and unlawful activity detection and prevention
To
enforce our rules and policies, protect our customers and business, protect the
competitive integrity of our games, investigate, and deter against fraudulent,
unauthorised or illegal activity.
Our
lawful bases for this use of your data are: our legitimate interests to operate
a safe and lawful business or where we have a legal obligation to do so.
Community and
customer support
Handling
all enquiries or complaints, troubleshooting and solving technical issues over
live chat, phone, email and in-game chat, making necessary changes to our
products and services and monitoring your participation in our forums and all
parts of our services that allow you to publicly post information or interact
with other users.
Our
lawful bases for this use of your data are: performing our contract with you,
our legitimate interests to provide you with customer service, our legitimate
interest in providing the correct products and services to our website users or
to comply with our legal obligations.
Improving and
developing our games, services and websites
Traffic
optimisation, in-game data collection, analytics and research, including
profiling and the use of machine learning (we sometimes use carefully selected
third parties to do this on our behalf), cheat detection and prevention,
managing landing pages and heat mapping our sites.
Our
lawful bases for this use of your data are: performing our contract with you
and our legitimate interests in learning about the types of people who are
interested in our games, websites and services, to keep our games, online
services and websites updated and relevant, to develop our business and to
inform our marketing strategy.
Contests
To
process your entry into, contests, surveys or other promotional events that we
run from time to time, should you decide to participate in them.
Our
lawful bases for this use of your data is: your consent or contract.
Marketing
Sending
you communications about our services, products and features that you have
agreed to receive.
Our
lawful bases for this use of your data are: your consent or our legitimate
interests to provide you with marketing communications where we may lawfully do
so.
SECURITY
In
order to protect your personal information from accidental loss and from
unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, we have put in place
reasonable technical and organizational measures designed according to the
relevant laws and regulations. You have right to correct personal information; to
object to the processing of your personal data unless we indicates compelling
legitimate grounds for the processing which ignores the interests, rights and
freedoms of the data subject; You have the right to request the data provided
to us to be transferred to another data controller in some circumstances.If you
have other questions when use our products, please email us.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
We will keep your information
for as long as we consider necessary for the purposes described above, or as
long as the law allows.
You
can contact us: wordworldg@gmail.com.
Sign in
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Powered By
Google Sites