Privacy Policy
Home
About
Games
Dash Quest 2
Tiny Rails
Kung Fu Z
Dash Quest
Dash Quest Heroes
Tap Smiths
Happy Cube
Pinfinite
Starship Turret Operator Guy
Arena Stars
Careers
Presskit
Contact
Privacy Policy
Tiny Titan Inc. Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Tiny Titan Inc., its games, websites and apps (referred to as "we," "our" or "us") believes that your privacy is very important. The following Policy outlines the types of information and other data that we will collect through the various games, websites and applications we provide. It also outlines how we will use and when we might disclose such information and data to third parties. Your installation and/or use of these Websites/Apps and/or submission of information to us constitute your consent to this Policy and the processing of your information (personal and non-personal) as described in this Policy. As described in our Terms of Service, users must be at least 13 years old to access and use Tiny Titan games, websites and apps, or at least 16 years old for those parties in the European Economic Area (EEA).
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January, 2017 and was last modified on May 24, 2018.
DATA COLLECTION
There are two types of data we may collect through your use of Tiny Titan products: Personal Information and Non-Personal Information.
Personal Information: Personal Information is data that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline. Such information includes but is not limited to: your full name, home address, email address, telephone number, photograph, geolocation information, User ID, credit card information and, in some cases, game-specific usernames.
Use: We will use personal information to provide users with the goods, services and/or functionality they have requested, respond to customer inquiries and technical support requests, or to contact users in relation to contest registration and prize acceptance.
Non-Personal Information: Non-Personal Information is information that does not personally identify you or users and cannot be used to contact you personally. Such information includes but is not limited to birth date, gender, age, ZIP Code (Postal Code), non-precise geolocation information, along with data about your mobile device and/or computer (i.e. unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, etc.), and hardware/software/firmware.
Use: Non-personal information will be used by Tiny Titan Inc. for analytical, research, security, app-optimization, and administrative purposes. Specifically, this could involve compiling statistics, protecting online communities from hacking, cheating, crime, fraud and other security reasons along with personalizing in-game deliverables and push notifications.
DATA DISCLOSURE OF COLLECTED DATA
Tiny Titan Inc. will not sell or transfer your personal information to any third party without consent.
Tiny Titan Inc. products offer social sharing features such as “Like”, “Share”, “Follow” on Facebook, Twitter or other third-party social networking services. Please consult those third-party service’s Privacy Policies for further information about their data collection policies.
Tiny Titan Inc. does not store user credit card information. To process credit card purchases and payments we use the service of a secure third party processor.
If required by law we may disclose your Personal Information if that information relates to harmful conduct (threatened or actual), suspected abuse of our products, to protect the safety or property of others and to take action against illegal activity.
In the event of a sale of Tiny Titan Inc., customer information (both personal and non-personal) will be included as an asset in the sale of the business.
Tiny Titan Studios is committed to providing information and transparency regarding our data collection purposes per the General Data Protection Regulation for users in the EEA. We encourage these users to contact us at info@tinytitanstudios.com for any data-related inquiries.
ADVERTISING
By using our products, you may be offered advertisements and advertising content. The third-party ad networks we are partnered with may utilize ad-serving technology that uses cookies and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow our networks to collect additional Non-Personal Information. Depending on your device (iOS, Android, Kindle Fire, PC, etc.) and its operating system (OS), users may be able to choose to prevent your device`s ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising. Users may also be able to reset their device’s ad identifier by altering settings of their device.
Tiny Titan Studios is committed to working with our advertising partners to support our users who reside in the EEA and will comply with expectations surrounding data requests or complaints per the General Data Protection Regulation.
Privacy policies for our advertising partners can be found below:
Unity Ads
- https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost
– https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Google AdMob
- https://policies.google.com/privacy
EXTERNAL PARTNERS
Our products may link to external sites beyond our control. The Tiny Titan Inc. Privacy Policy covers only the way we treat the Personal Information and Non-Personal Information we collect on our Websites/Apps. By accessing any external sites, you are agreeing to the privacy policies of those sites. These external sites may have different policies with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information. Users are encouraged to review the Privacy Policies of all external parties. We are not liable in any way for the policies, actions and/or inactions of any external partners or services.
Tiny Titan Studios is committed to working with our external partners to support our users who reside in the EEA and will comply with expectations surrounding data requests or complaints per the General Data Protection Regulation.
CHILDREN
Our products are intended for general audiences. We do not knowingly collect, use, solicit or distribute any Personal Information from persons under the age of 13 or under the age of 16 for users in the EEA. If you fit these criteria, please do not send us any information about yourself including (but not limited to) gender, age, name, address, email contact and phone number. No one under the age of 13 (or under the age of 16 for users in the EEA) may provide this information to Tiny Titan Inc. If we learn we have erroneously collected personal information from a user to whom these age restrictions apply, it will be immediately deleted. If you believe we may have any information about or from a child under the age of 13 or under the age of 16 for users in the EEA, please immediately contact us at info@tinytitanstudios.com for assistance.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
Tiny Titan Inc. reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, it will be reposted on our company’s website along with the date the changes were made. It is best practice to review our Privacy Policy from time to time so users are aware when changes are made. Continued use of our products after such changes will be considered acceptance of respective changes, such as they are. If users do not accept the changes they may choose to ‘opt-out’ by sending Tiny Titan Inc. the appropriate notice. For further information about this policy or any recent changes please send requests to info@tinytitanstudios.com and include “Privacy Policy Changes” in the main subject line.
DISCLAIMER
Tiny Titan Inc. Products operate AS-IS and as such we do not represent, warrant or guarantee that our products will be available at all times or that use of our products will remain uninterrupted or error-free. In matters beyond our reasonable control we are not responsible for user access to our products.
*Please direct all general questions regarding our Privacy Policy to info@tinytitanstudios.com.
ABOUT TINY TITAN
Tiny Titan Inc. is a mobile game company based in London, Ontario, Canada. Our registered address is 242 Dundas Street, Unit 3, N6A 1H3.
Need Help?
Interested in our company? Have a question? Feel free to contact us below!
Send Message
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Service
Copyright © 2020 Tiny Titan Studios Inc. All Rights Reserved.