PRIVACY POLICY
跳至主要内容
搜索此博客
Fun Actions For Free
PRIVACY POLICY
获取链接
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
电子邮件
其他应用
十二月 28, 2020
Welcome to the world of gaming provided by "Enjoy.GameStudio.Fun". This Privacy Policy describes among other things, the types of information collected about you when you visit the "Enjoy.GameStudio.Fun"; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information; and how your information is protected. Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at "Enjoy.GameStudio.Fun". We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information, including contact information, collected about you by the "Enjoy.GameStudio.Fun". Please review this Privacy Policy carefully.
Information Collected and How We Use It
Information you provide directly to "Enjoy.GameStudio.Fun". You are not required to provide information about yourself when you download an app from "Enjoy.GameStudio.Fun". Our games may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services, access various content or features, or directly contact the Services including:
Contact information such as name, email address, age.
Our primary goals in collecting and using information are to provide and improve the Service, to administer and assist you in administering your Account on the Service, and to provide you with a better experience with the Service.
In limited circumstances, payment and identity verification information, such as credit card number where needed for payment, to complete a particular transaction, or to access a particular service (e.g., in-app purchases)
Information we collect automatically on "Enjoy.GameStudio.Fun" including:
Your device type and settings, software used and browser type and operating system
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area
Web pages and advertisements, you view and links you click on within Fun Actions.
Unique identifiers and connection information, including mobile device identification numbers (e.g. Apple’s Identifier for Advertising IP (IDFA) or Google’s Android Advertising ID (AAID)) and internet connection means (e.g. mobile operator, ISP, Wi-Fi connection) that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies such as Standard server log information.
Third Party Advertisements
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on the service. We do not provide any personal information to third-party advertising companies on a non-aggregate basis. Our system and the third-party advertising technology may use aggregate information, non-personal information, "Enjoy.GameStudio.Fun" cookies on your hard drive, and your use of the Service to target advertisements. In addition, advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on other sites. If advertisements are served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your device. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or “beacons”) to help manage and optimize online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser cookie when a browser visits the site on which is beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
Your Rights
We take reasonable steps to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we do not guarantee its absolute security.
Protection of Information
We are committed to protecting your information. We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Request Data Deletion
We collect data for these reason:
1. Provide and operate Games.
2. Improve our Games and keep them secure.
3. Personalize Games.
4. Promotional activities, including marketing and advertising.
5. Prevent and/or detect fraud or fraudulent behavior.
We Only stores Personal Data of users of the Games for as long as users continue to use the Games. Will delete the Personal Data of a user if there is no ongoing legitimate business need to process data or after receiving the corresponding request from a user of the Games via the email address
devegame66.jhon@gmail.com
within a reasonable time.
Alternatively, players could send their requests through comment system.
Privacy Protections for Children
Our game services are not intended for children. Our games are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. We may ask for your age to ensure that we are not collecting information from children under 13.
获取链接
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
电子邮件
其他应用
评论
发表评论
此博客中的热门博文
Our Privacy Policy
二月 08, 2022
Games Privacy Policy Introduction Hey Everyone, It’s always very important to be aware of your personal details online, so we’re here to tell you some important information like: How our website and apps (games) work How we work hard to keep you and your personal data protected What data we collect and what we do with  There are two types of data we can collect on you Non-personal information, this is information that cannot be tied back to you. Such as your date of birth, age, non-precise geolocation such as the country or city you are in, your gender, IP address, hardware and software, as well as what pages and actions you do on the website and in our apps. We collect this information to help us better improve our service and this data cannot be directly linked with you. We explain what we use this data for later in the document. It is important that you read and agree to this document before using our applications, website and services as this involves your personal data. We have tr
阅读全文
Game Privacy Policy
四月 06, 2023
We do not collect and save from your social account  in any form or sell any information to advertisers or other operators. Information Collection and Use: Our primary goals in collecting and using information are to provide and improve the Service, to administer and assist you in administering your Account on the Service, and to provide you with a better experience with the Service.  Personal information When you share information through social accounts may be asked to enter the account and password, but that information is management by android system. App does not save account and password in any form or collect and save any personal information in any form on your social account. Ad Networks We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.  P
阅读全文
由 Blogger 提供支持
主题背景图片创建者：
Michael Elkan
Fun Actions For Free
访问个人资料
归档
四月 2023
1
二月 2022
1
十二月 2020
1
举报滥用情况