Ir para conteúdo
Menu
Privacy Policy
We are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our online users (“users” or “you”). This Online Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) has been crafted to inform you as to the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information you provide in connection with our apps. Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to only information collected from our apps through use of the Service.
By using the Service, you are agreeing to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Information Collected and Used
Our apps’ primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service.
When you install our apps, we may collect and record the information you provide us voluntarily. The service will be able to save/load image files from your device storage, as well as record game play information such as your high scores or game session duration.
In addition to information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as in games or on message boards. Any action you perform with other players are considered public, and are your sole discretion.
Finally, any time you access the Service, we may collect aggregate information including but not limited to internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. We use this information to better tailor the Service to your interests, to provide you more efficient customer support, and to overall enhance the Service.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Service.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. The Service saves cookies in your device storage when you access our apps. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites. The fact that the Service links to a website or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that our apps endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. Our apps is in no way responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites to which you choose to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of those websites when exiting the Service.
Security
We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
Compartilhe isso:
Twitter
Facebook
Blog no WordPress.com.
Privacidade e cookies: Esse site utiliza cookies. Ao continuar a usar este site, você concorda com seu uso.
Para saber mais, inclusive sobre como controlar os cookies, consulte aqui:
Política de cookies
prisma541.wordpress.com
Personalizar
Registre-se
Fazer login
Copiar link curto
Denunciar este conteúdo
Gerenciar assinaturas