Free Online Games on i6games.net Play Free Games
You have JavaScript disabled! Some of our site features require JavaScript enabled to load correctly.
Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your current browser!
Latest
Most Played
Top Rated
Bike Games
Car Games
Truck Games
Follow @i6Games
Privacy Policy
We don't need or store any personal information of our users that may identify them an individual. We do use third party tools, which may store non personal information.
Google Analytics
Though we don't store any personal information. apps may contain APIs from third parties. Specifically, our mobile games which use Google Analytics to help analyse how users behave in the game. We mainly look out for how long users have spent in the game and how many levels were played. This information is then used to evaluate use of our game and to improve the usability. All information collected via the Google Analytics API is anonymous.
Google Analytics privacy policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Advertisements
We display advertisements in our free apps and games to fund the development process for current and future Services. The advertisements are provided by third party companies and they may use and collect anonymous data about the User's interests to be able to select more relevant advertisements. This information may also include location data and unique device identifier. No information is collected to allow third parties identifying you as a person.
We use an external tool for the collection of analytic information. The tool uses similar information as used with advertisements.
Admob policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
We display internal advertisements which advertise other i6 games which we feel players will be interested in; in order to provide the best scope of advertisements we use data listing all installed applications on your device allowing us to filter out games already installed. No user specific or app specific information is stored or recorded.
We cache images used for internal advertisements by storing them in the application root directory allowing us to re-display advertisements without needing to download them again keeping data usage to a minimum.
Terms of Service
We reserve the right to discontinue service at any time for any reason.
Support
Please contact
[email protected]
regarding any issue you may be having.
Thanks for playing!
We hope you enjoy our games and we're happy to read any feedback you wish to give us!
Popular Tags
1 Player
2 Player Games
3d Games
Action Games
Adventure Games
Aeroplane Games
Animal Games
Arcade Games
Army Games
Battle Games
Bike Games
Boat Games
Car Games
Cat Games
Cooking Games
Defense Games
Dress Up Games
Driving Games
Fighting Games
Flash
Flying Games
Food Serving Games
Fun Games
Girl Games
Grooming Games
Helicopter Games
Parking Games
Physics Games
Puzzle Games
Racing Games
Rpg Games
Shooting Games
Sniper Games
Soccer Games
Sports Games
Stickman Games
Strategy Games
Stunt Games
Tanks Games
Truck Games
Upgrade Games
War Games
Water Games
Zombie Games
Latest Games
Knf Santa Claus Christmas Gift Escape
Help The Santa
Santa Double Adventure
Liberation Of Santa
Recover The Gift
Memory Loss Santa
Xmas Pass Over
Perfect Winter Trendy
Santa Arctic Adventure
Knf Winter Wooden House Escape
Santa Way 3
Bart Shootout
The Hulk Differences
Princess doll house 2
American Trucks Memory
Sailor Ship Escape
Defend Kindom Wars
Deadpool Jigsaw
Offroad Race Truck
House Cleaning
Kings Castle 20
BMW F32 Jigsaw
Art Gallery Escape
Fairy Beauty Salon
Daredevil Jigsaw
Semi Truck Jigsaw
Lexus RS 350 Jigsaw
Land of the Monsoon
Kings Castle 19
Italy Palazzo Escape
More links
Submit a game
Mobile Games
Free games for your site
Contact us
Privacy policy
DMCA policy
Welcome to i6!
Play free online games here at i6, we have thousands of games for you to try with hundreds of new games added to our collection daily, updated every hour!
If you're specifically looking for our popular
Truck Games
,
Car Games
or
Racing Games
categories then click the apropriate link or find the games category from our popular tags sidebar!
Third party trademarks are used solely for distributing games indexed herein and no license or other affiliation is implied.
Can't wait to play more? Find out instantly when new games are added to i6 with the
i6 RSS feed
, follow us on Twitter
@i6Games
or you can
Find us on Google+
!