Privacy Policy
Update date of this edition: November 2, 2021
BEWHALE CULTURE CO.,LTD. (hereinafter referred
to as "
BEWHALE
CULTURE "), while providing high-quality services to users, has always
paid attention to protecting the safety of users' personal data, and regards
user information security and privacy protection as its "lifeline"
". We uphold the concept of "everything is based on user value",
committed to improving the transparency of information processing, enhancing
the convenience of your information management, and ensuring the security of
your information and communications.
BEWHALE CULTURE strictly abides by laws and
regulations and follows the following privacy protection principles to provide
you with more secure and reliable services:
1. Safe and reliable: We make every effort to
prevent your information from leaking, destroying, and losing through
reasonable and effective information security technology and management
procedures.
2. Independent choice: We provide you with
convenient information management options so that you can make appropriate
choices and manage your personal information.
3. Protection of communication secrets: We
strictly abide by laws and regulations to protect your communication secrets
and provide you with secure communication services.
4. Reasonable and necessary:
​​
In order to provide you and other users with
better services, we only collect necessary information.
5. Clear and transparent: We strive to use
simple and easy-to-understand statements to introduce the privacy policy to you
so that you can clearly understand our information processing methods.
6. Integrate privacy protection into product
design: We integrate laws, products, design and other factors into the concept
of privacy protection in all aspects of product or service development.
This "Privacy Policy" mainly explains
to you:
What information we collect;
The purposes for which we collect information;
Your rights.
I hope you read the "Privacy Policy"
(hereinafter referred to as the "Policy") carefully to learn more
about how we collect and use information, so that you can better understand our
services and make appropriate choices.
If you use the BEWHALE CULTURE game service, it
means that you agree with our content in this policy.
If you have any questions, please contact us.
1 Information we collect
We only collect the information necessary to
realize the function of the product in accordance with the principles of
lawfulness, fairness and necessity.
1.1 Information that you proactively provide
when using our services
1.1.1 The information you filled in when
you registered your account. For example, the nickname and mobile phone number
you filled in when you registered your account.
1.1.2 Information uploaded when you
use the service. For example, when you use games and communities, upload
avatars and shared photos.
1.1.3 The information you submit
through our customer service or when participating in an event organized by us.
For example, the questionnaire filled out when you participate in our online
activities may contain your name, phone number, home address and other
information.
Some of our services may require you to provide
specific personal sensitive information to achieve specific functions.
If you choose not to provide this type of
information, you may not be able to use certain functions in the service
normally, but it will not affect your use of other functions in the service. If
you take the initiative to provide your sensitive personal information, it
means that you agree that we will process your sensitive personal information
in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this policy.
1.2 Information we obtain when you use the
service
1.2.1 Log information. When you use
our services, we may automatically collect relevant information and store it as
service log information.
1.2.1.1 Device information. For
example, information such as device model, operating system version, unique
device identifier, battery, and signal strength.
1.2.1.2 Software information. For
example, the version number of the software, browser type. In order to ensure
the safety of the operating environment or provide services required, we will
collect information about the mobile applications and other software you use.
1.2.1.3 IP address.
1.2.1.4 Service log information.
For example, the information you searched for and viewed when using our
services, service failure information, referring URLs and other information.
1.2.1.5 Communication log
information. For example, the account, communication time and duration of the
communication you have used when using our services.
1.2.2 Location information. When you use
location-related services, we may record the location information of your
device in order to provide you with related services.
1.2.2.1 When you use the service,
we may obtain your location information through IP address, GPS, WiFi, or base
station;
1.2.2.2 The information provided by
you or other users when using the service may contain your location
information, such as the information about your location that may be contained
in the account information you provide, and the information contained in photos
shared by you or others
；
1.2.3 Other relevant information. In order
to help you better use our products or services, we will collect relevant
information. For example, we collected friends list, group list information,
voiceprint feature value information. To ensure that you can contact people you
know when you use our services, if you choose to enable the import address book
function, we may encrypt the names and phone numbers of your contacts and
collect only encrypted information.
1.3 Information shared by other users contains
your information. For example, photos or videos shared by other users may
contain your information.
1.4 Information obtained from third-party
partners We may obtain information generated or shared when you use the
services of third-party partners. For example, when you log in using a
third-party partner service WeChat or QQ account, we will obtain your login
name and login time using the third-party partner service to facilitate your
authorization management.
Please
read carefully the user agreement or privacy policy of the third-party partner
service.
2 How we use the collected information
We strictly abide by
laws and regulations and agreements with users, and use the collected
information for the following purposes. If we use your information beyond the
following purposes, we will explain to you again and obtain your consent.
--email address
The e-mail
address you provide during registration is your identity in the product. We use
your e-mail address to identify you in the product in order to provide you with
product services. For example: record your product data; respond to your
in-product requests; provide you with customer service, etc. Our use of email
addresses is based on your consent to this privacy policy.
--IP address
IP address is
commonly used identification information in network communications. We use your
IP address to provide you with services or improve our service quality, for
example: to establish network communications with you such as downloads, in-product
requests, etc.; to identify your area In order to provide personalized
services; to determine the consistency of your login behavior to protect your
account security. Our use of IP addresses is based on our contractual
obligations to you.
--Device Information
Device information
such as device identification code, device type, network type, operating
system, etc. helps us better understand the situation of the device you
experience the product and service. We use your device information to provide
you with services or improve the quality of our services, such as : Statistic
equipment adaptability; feedback and solve the failures you encounter in the
experience of product service; judge the consistency of your login behavior to
protect your account security. Our use of device information is based on our
contractual obligations to you.
--Contact details
Your email
address, phone number, instant messaging tool account, shipping address,
identification information, and other contact information you provide in a
specific scenario will only be used to complete the scenario, such as: sending
you promotional information; to you Send prizes; respond to your customer
feedback. Our use of contact information is based on your agreement to this
privacy policy.
--Characteristics
Personal
Characteristics
such as gender, age, and personal hobbies are mainly used to provide you with
personalized services, such as: personal space display; user behavior
statistics; user questionnaire surveys, etc. Our use of personal
characteristics is based on your agreement to this privacy policy.
--Product data
The data generated
in product services such as product id, role name, product log, etc. are one of
the foundations for us to provide product services. Our use of product data is
to fulfill our contractual obligations to you.
We collect
information to:
2.1 To provide you with
services.
2.2 To meet your
individual needs. For example, language settings, location settings,
personalized help services.
2.3 Product development
and service optimization. For example, when our system fails, we will record
and analyze the information generated when the system fails to optimize our
services.
2.4 Security guarantee.
For example, we will use your information for identity verification, security
prevention, anti-fraud monitoring, archive backup, and customer security
services. For example, the security software you download or install will
detect malicious programs or viruses, or identify fraudulent information for
you.
2.5 Recommend to you
advertisements, information, etc. that may be of interest to you.
2.6 Evaluate and improve
the effectiveness of our advertising and other promotions and promotional
activities.
2.7 Management software.
For example, software certification, software upgrades, etc.
2.8 You are invited to
participate in surveys about our services.
In order to allow you to
have a better experience, improve our services or other purposes agreed by you,
we may use the information collected through certain services for our other
services, subject to relevant laws and regulations. For example, use your information
when you use one of our services to show you personalized content or
advertisements in another service, to use it for user research, analysis and
statistics and other services.
In order to ensure the
security of the service and help us better understand the operation of our
applications, we may record relevant information, such as the frequency of your
use of the application, failure information, overall usage, performance data,
and the source of the application. We will not combine the information we store
in the analysis software with the personally identifiable information you
provide in the application.
3 How we use cookies
and related technologies
We or our third-party partners may collect your
information by placing secure cookies and related technologies in order to
provide you with a more personalized user experience and services. We will
strictly require third-party partners to comply with the relevant provisions of
this policy.
You can also manage cookies through your browser
settings. However, please note that if you disable cookies, you may not be able
to enjoy the best service experience, and some services may not work properly.
4 How we store and
disclose your information
In order to fulfill our contractual obligations
to you, that is, to provide you with products and services, your personal
information will be processed on our servers. Our server is located in China.
In order to provide you with products and
services, we may disclose your personal information to the following third parties:
--Based on fulfilling statutory
obligations or contractual obligations, preventing technical or security
issues, protecting the rights of others, public interests, or other reasonably
necessary reasons, we should disclose your personal information to judicial
institutions, law enforcement entities or other authorized entities.
5 How do you manage
your own information
5.1 You can access, modify and delete the
registration information and other personal information you provide while using
our services, and you can also contact us in accordance with the notification
guidelines.
The scope and method of your access, modification and deletion
of personal information will depend on the specific services you use.
For
example, if you want to stop sharing your geographic location information when
using geographic location-related services, you can stop sharing via the mobile
location shutdown function, software and hardware service providers, and
communication service providers' shutdown methods. It is recommended that you
read the relevant guidelines carefully.
5.2 We will collect and use your information
only to realize the functions of our products or services in accordance with
this policy.
If you find that we have collected and
used your personal information in violation of laws, administrative
regulations, or agreed by both parties, you can ask us to delete it. If you
find that your personal information we have collected and stored is wrong, you
can also ask us to correct it. Please contact us through the contact
information listed in this policy.
5.3 When you access, modify and delete
relevant information, we may require you to verify your identity to protect the
security of your account.
5.4 Please understand that due to technical
limitations, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to meet all
your requirements, and we will respond to your request within a reasonable
period of time.
6 Information we
share
We comply with laws and regulations and impose
strict restrictions on the sharing of information, such as:
6.1 With your prior consent, we may share your
personal information with third parties;
6.2 For the purpose of external processing only,
we may communicate with third-party partners (third-party service providers,
contractors, agencies, advertising partners, application developers, etc., for
example, sending emails or push notifications on our behalf) Service providers,
map service providers that provide us with location services) (they may not be
located in your jurisdiction) share your personal information and let them
follow our instructions, privacy policies and other relevant confidentiality
and security measures We process the above information and use it for the
following purposes:
6.2.1 Provide you with our services;
6.2.2 To achieve the purpose
described in the section "How do we use the collected information";
6.2.3 Fulfill our obligations in
this policy and exercise our rights;
6.2.4 Understand, maintain and
improve our services.
If we share your information with the
above-mentioned third parties, we will use encryption, anonymization and other
means to protect your information.
6.3 With the continuous development of our
business, when mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers and other transactions lead
to sharing of your personal information with third parties, we will inform you
of the relevant circumstances through push notifications, announcements, etc.,
in accordance with laws and regulations. Continue to protect or require new
managers to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with
the standards required by this policy.
6.4 We will use the collected information for big
data analysis. For example, we use the collected information to analyze and
form a city heat map or industry insight report that does not contain any
personal information. We may publicly disclose and share with our partners
information that does not contain identification content after statistical
processing, so as to understand how users use our services or to let the public
understand the general usage trends of our services.
6.5 We may disclose your personal information for
the following purposes:
6.5.1 Comply with applicable laws
and regulations and other relevant regulations;
6.5.2 Comply with court judgments,
rulings or other legal procedures;
6.5.3 Comply with the requirements
of relevant government agencies or other legally authorized organizations;
6.5.4 We have reason to believe that
we need to comply with laws and regulations and other relevant regulations;
6.5.5 It is reasonable and necessary
for the purpose of implementing relevant service agreements or this policy,
safeguarding the public interest, and protecting the personal and property
safety or other legitimate rights and interests of our customers, us or our
affiliates, other users or employees.
7 We may send you information
7.1 Information Push
When you use our
services, we may send you emails, text messages, news or push notifications.
You can follow our relevant tips and choose to unsubscribe on your device.
7.2 Announcements
related to services We may issue service-related announcements to you when
necessary (for example, when a certain service is suspended due to system
maintenance). You may not be able to cancel these service-related announcements
that are not advertisements.
8 Location and duration of information storage
8.1 Where to store
information
We abide by laws
and regulations and store the personal information of users collected in China
in China.
8.2 Duration of
information storage
Generally speaking, we
only keep your personal information for the shortest time necessary to achieve
the purpose. However, in the following circumstances, we may change the storage
time of personal information due to compliance with legal requirements:
8.2.1 To comply
with applicable laws and regulations and other relevant provisions;
8.2.2 To comply
with court judgments, rulings or other legal procedures;
8.2.3 To
comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies or legally
authorized organizations;
8.2.4 We have
reason to believe that we need to comply with laws and regulations and other
relevant regulations;
8.2.5 Purposes
reasonably necessary for the implementation of relevant service agreements or
this policy, safeguarding the public interest, and protecting the personal and
property safety or other legal rights and interests of our customers, us or our
affiliates, other users or employees.
When our products or
services cease to operate, we will notify you in the form of push
notifications, announcements, etc., and delete or anonymize your personal
information within a reasonable period of time.
9 Information security
We provide corresponding
security guarantees for your information to prevent information loss, improper
use, unauthorized access or disclosure.
9.1 We strictly abide by
laws and regulations to protect users' communication secrets.
9.2 We will use various
security protection measures within a reasonable security level to ensure the
security of information. For example, we use encryption technology (for
example, TLS, SSL), anonymization and other means to protect your personal
information.
9.3 We have established
a special management system, process and organization to ensure information
security. For example, we strictly limit the scope of people who can access
information, require them to observe confidentiality obligations and conduct
audits.
9.4 In the event of a
security incident such as personal information leakage, we will initiate an
emergency plan to prevent the expansion of the security incident, and notify
you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc.
We may use your relevant
information to provide you with more relevant advertisements on relevant
websites, applications and other channels. You can learn more on the About Ads
page.
10 Protection of minors
We attach great
importance to the protection of the personal information of minors. According
to relevant laws and regulations, if you are a minor under the age of 18, we
recommend that you obtain the consent of your parent or legal guardian before
using the service of the whale chase culture game. If you are the guardian of a
minor, if you have any questions about the personal information of the minor
you are guarding, please contact us through the contact information.
11 Scope of application
This policy
applies to all our services. However, some services have their own specific
privacy guidelines/statements, and the specific privacy guidelines/statements
more specifically explain how we handle your information in the service. If
there is any inconsistency between this policy and the privacy
guidelines/statements of specific services, please refer to the specific
privacy guidelines/statements. Please note that this policy does not apply to
services provided by other companies or individuals. For example, you log in to
services provided by other companies or individuals by using your WeChat
account.
Your use of these
third-party services is subject to their privacy policies (not this policy),
and you need to read their policies carefully.
12 Changes
We may revise the
content of this policy in due course. If such changes will result in a
substantial reduction of your rights under this policy, we will notify you by
prompting in a prominent position on the page, sending you an email, etc.,
before the changes take effect
. In this case, if you continue to use our
services, you agree to be bound by the revised policy.