Game Portal Indonesia | LYTOGAME.COM - Game Online Indonesia - Online Game Indonesia
LYTOGAME
PRIVACY
LYTOGAME PRIVACY & POLICY
PRIVACY
LYTOGAME PRIVACY & POLICY
Effective date: 09th July 2019
Last Update: 09th July 2019
Lytogame and its affiliates (Lytogame, Lyto, us, our or we) are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users (users or you). This Privacy Policy (the Policy) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites, including
www.lytogame.com
(the Sites) or any Lytogame game provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android)(collectively, the Service). Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by Lytogame through your use of the Service. Lytogame is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at
mobilesupport@lytogame.com
Information Collection and Use
Lytogame primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use. We store information on our servers that located in Singapore.
Lytogame Sites
While you are browsing Lytogame's Sites, your computer operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically. We may use this information to monitor, develop and analyze your use of the Service. In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses. We may use this information to create a user profile and provide you services. We may use your email address to notify you about company news and promotions. Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions. If you no longer wish to receive these types of promotional materials, you may opt-out from receiving them at any time by emailing us at
mobilesupport@lytogame.com
Social Media
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
iOS and Android Platforms
When you use any of the Lytogame games or applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control
MAC
address, international mobile equipment identity
IMEI
, the version of your operating system
OS
, your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol
IP
address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application. We will not share this information with any third party. If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you may turn it off at the device level. Please note, the application may not work properly if we are unable to tell where you are coming from (Country specific).
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the lytogame games you are playing.
Facebook Connect, Game Center and Google+
You can log in to our site using sign-in services
SN Service
such as Facebook Connect, Google+ Connect, Apple Game Center, or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, gender, age, country and email address. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service. The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to lytogame game(s).
Invite a Friend
Lytogame may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a SN Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in Lytogame games and/or you can invite them to join you in Lytogame games. Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service or support and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with lytogame games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by emailing us at
mobilesupport@lytogame.com
Push Notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files. This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them.
Tracking Technologies
We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a user computer/device and to remember things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer/device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies associate your computer/device with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service and third party sites and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these third party advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technology.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
ur services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics and MobileAppTracking by Tune. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
How We Use Information:
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:
Create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
Identify and suggest connections with other Lytogame users;
Understand your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services;
Enable you to communicate with other users; and
Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Disclosure of Your information
Lytogame does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies. If you no longer wish to allow us to share your information with third parties, please contact us at
mobilesupport@lytogame.com
.
We may release your information as permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; investigate fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Lytogame may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or notice on our site of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Changes to the Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Security
Lytogame takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party hackers from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Access to Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or delete inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us at
mobilesupport@lytogame.com
. We will respond to your access request within 30 days.
Opting Out of Marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by emailing us at
mobilesupport@lytogame.com
. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
Contact Information
Lyto Headquarters (Lyto Co., Ltd.),
Arteri Kav 8,West Jakarta, Indonesia
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at
mobilesupport@lytogame.com
.
Peraturan
Support
FAQ
© 2023 LYTO. All Rights Reserved