Privacy Policy – Games Lobby
Games Lobby
Home
About Us
Careers
Play Store
Our Games
X
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
Games Lobby is committed to providing fun and exciting digital entertainment across all its products and services, such as all applications and games available on smartphone devices and tablets (together, the “
Services
“). Games Lobby respects the privacy concerns of all users of its Services. This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Games Lobby collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the Services offered by Games Lobby. This privacy policy applies to all mobile games and apps offered by Games Lobby.
2.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Services. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain activities.
3.
Non-personal identification information
In this Privacy Policy ‘non-personal data’ means data we may collect from you but which does not identify you directly. This data may be ‘aggregated’ with other data to help us improve our Services and otherwise in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Services. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Services, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
4.
Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices
By accessing the Services through a social network, or mobile device, Users are authorizing Games Lobby to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that they agreed the social network, mobile device platform could provide to Games Lobby through the social network/mobile device. Their agreement takes place when they connect with the third party network, platform or service via the Services, and/or when you connect with the Services, or “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) Services to access your information through a social network, OR mobile device or other third party platform or service. Games Lobby may also collect or receive information about you from other Services users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by Games Lobby and used primarily to help Users and their friends connect.
5.
Permissions that may use sensitive information
The following is a detailed list of permissions and the way in which we implement them that we use and that may use sensitive information:
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
and
READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
We use these permissions in some games or apps to save captured images of the game on the SD and read them to provide sharing options to the user. We also may use the read permission in some games to improve users experience and let them import images from their devices for change the characters skins.
6.
How we use collected information
Games Lobby may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service (Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.)
To improve our Site (We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.)
To send periodic emails (We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.)
7.
Sharing your personal information
IWe do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
8.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
Ads appearing on our services may be delivered to Users by advertising partners who may set cookies. Also provide analytics services or other services for the Users experience which use cookies. These cookies allow the ad or analytics servers to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Below are provider names of some of the third party analytics and advertising services we use.
Please see the links below to learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
Admob:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Firebase:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
9.
Google AdSense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
10.
Payment Information
If you make a purchase in our Services, such as a license to use in-game virtual currency or virtual items in a game you play, our third party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information to process your charges. This information may include your postal address, e-mail address, and financial information, like credit card numbers. Games Lobby does not collect or store your financial information. However, Games Lobby payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address and the items purchased in order to fulfill your order. We  may also obtain the non-financial billing and payment information that you provide when your purchase is processed by someone else (like Facebook, Apple or Google) such as when you purchase something in a game you play on a social network or that you downloaded on your mobile device.
Please note that purchases of third party credits or currencies may also be subject to those parties policies.
11.
Changes to this privacy policy
Games Lobby has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms :
By using the Services you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing, collection, use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms. Please do not use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Services, or your dealings with our Services, please contact us at:
Games Lobby
gameslobby.play@gmail.com
This document was last updated on May 8, 2020
Home
About
Our Games
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Plaza 246, Spring North, Bahria Phase 7, Rawalpindi
Email:
contact@games-lobby.com
Login
Register
Login
Password
Forgot password?
Remember me