Terms of Service of BlueRiver Interactive GnbR
TERMS OF SERVICE
BlueRiver Interactive GnbR
Last updated May 23, 2018
These are the terms of service (the
"Terms"
) of BlueRiver Interactive GnbR, 
    a company incorporated in Austria, with its registered office 
    at Tanzwiese 1, 4240 Freistadt, Austria, email address blueriverteam@gmail.com (hereafter, "us" or "we").
These Terms govern your legal relationshop between us and you ("User" or "you") when you use any of our games
    such as PicWords, PicWords 2 or other future games (each a "App" or "Game" 
    and together the "Apps" or "Games") including any updates to, or supplements or replacements for, these Apps.
    These apps may be accessed via web browser, social networking sites or via app platforms, like Apple's App Store, 
    Google Play and others) (each a "Platform" and together the "Platforms").
To use our Apps, you must accept these Terms, so please read them carefully.
WHEN YOU ARE ALLOWED TO USE OUR APPS
To obtain the right to use our Apps and purchase virtual items ("Virtual Items") you represent that:
you own the device that you are using to access and play each App and, if you purchase Virtual Items, 
	                    that you are legally entitled to make such purchases using the payment functionality that is provided in the App;
that you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by 
	                    the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of 
	                    prohibited or restricted parties;
the information you provide to us is true and accurate and you will update such information when necessary;
you have not previously been banned or blocked from using either any App or any Platform;
you must have a valid account with a Platform (the "Platform Account") if you download any Apps from such Platform; and
you will not:
copy, sublet, lease license, loan, lend, sell, trade or otherwise deal with or exploit the Apps 
	                            or any Virtual Items;
with regard to the competitive functions of the Apps, use the Apps in any way that could be 
	                            deemed dishonest or unfair in order to gain an advantage over other users.
conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including, without  limitation, scraping, 
	                            data mining, data extraction, data harvesting and data traffic sniffing) on or in relation to the Apps.
use the Apps or any Virtual Items for any illegal activities;
use the Apps or any Virtual Items to disseminate any information or materials that are obscene, violent, threatening, 
	                            libelous, discriminatory or otherwise, in our opinion, offensive;
use the Apps or any Virtual Items to disseminate any information or materials that would infringe, or might infringe, 
	                            any intellectual property rights, including those of us.
use the Apps or any Virtual Items to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any content 
	                            which consists of (or is linked to) spyware, computer virus, trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit 
	                            or other malicious computer software.
use the Apps in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the Apps or impairment of 
	                            the availability or accessibility of the Apps; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or 
	                            harmful (including any manner that harasses, abuses, stalks, threatens, defames or otherwise infringes 
	                            or violates the rights of any other party).
You need to be over a certain age to use our Apps and our services. The minimum age varies depending on your country of origin.
	            For information about the minimum age in your country, see below.
Minimum age:
16 years:
France, Germany, Hungary, Lithuania, Luxemburg, Netherlands, Slovakia
15 years:
Finland
14 years:
Austria
13 years:
All other countries
ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
If you have a Platform Account and download a App from a Platform or if you participate in a App via browser, site or any other platform 
	            you are deemed to accept and agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not download, use and/or otherwise participate 
	            in a App from us as it is prohibited without accepting the Terms.
You acknowledge that these Terms:
apply from the date on which you first download one of our Apps;
apply to your use of any of our Apps and to all Virtual Items and
form a legally binding contract between you and us, not with any Platform provider.
We may change these Terms at any time without notice. If you do not agree to the changes in the Terms, you must stop using the Apps. 
	             Your continued use of the Apps is deemed as indication of your acceptance of such changes in the Terms.
PRIVACY POLICY
The information, including personal data, that we collect about you and the ways in which we use it, your rights and other information about privacy
	            are covered in our Privacy Policy on our website. Please see here:
https://picwordsgame.com/privacy
LICENSE TO USE OUR APPS
In consideration of your agreement to be bound by these Terms, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, 
	            non-transferrable, revocable license to use the Apps for your personal, non-commercial purposes. 
	            You may only use the Apps on a device that you own or control and that is permitted by any applicable usage 
	            rules applied by your device's manufacturer or by the platform at which we have made the Apps available. 
	            Any use of the Apps in any other manner, including, without limitation, resale, transfer, modification or 
	            distribution of the Apps or text, pictures, music, video, data and other content associated with the Apps is prohibited.
Except for your data (see Your Data section), we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights 
	            of the Apps and of the content of the Apps. Your right to such intellectual property right is limited 
	            to what is expressly stated in these Terms.
These Terms are concluded only between you and us and not with your device's manufacturer or by 
	            the platform at which we have made the Apps available. Subject to the Terms, we 
	            are responsible for the Apps and the content thereof, and not such third parties.
ADDITIONAL TERMS
The Platform provider's terms and conditions also apply to your use of the Apps and your purchase of Virtual Items (the "Platform Terms"). 
	            If there is any conflict between these Terms and the Platform Terms, the Platform Terms shall prevail to the extent the conflict relates 
	            to use of the Platform.
In addition to the Platform Terms, further special terms and conditions also apply to your use of our Games, depending on how you access them.
YOUR DATA
In the following, "Your Data" means text, images, audio material, video material and other information 
	            that you submit to the Apps, for whatever purpose. Your Data does however not include your e-mail address, 
	            user ID or password.
You agree that we will not be liable for any of Your Data, including but not limited to errors in any
	            of Your Data or any loss or damage incurred by use of Your Data.
You grant to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, adapt, 
	            publish, translate and distribute Your Data in any existing or future media. You also grant to us the right 
	            to sub-license these rights and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your Data must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights and must not 
	            be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or us or a third party (in each case under any 
	            applicable law).
VIRTUAL ITEMS
You can "purchase" or "earn" Virtual Items in our Apps. These virtual items may unlock certain features of an App,
	            enhance the experience of the App or give you an advantage to quicker progress in those Apps.
Virtual Items can be in the form of a "virtual currency", meaning virtual coins, points or other forms of virtual currencies
	            that can be used within the Apps to purchase "virtual goods". These "virtual goods" are anything virtual that can be used or unlocked
	            within the Apps.
To obtain such Virtual Items in our Apps you can purchase them for real money or earn them via promotions, competitions or participating 
	            in the App itself.
License to use Virtual Items:
Virtual Items have no monetary value and are not redeemable or refundable once you have purchased them. Any 
	                    virtual currency balance does not constitute to or reflect any real-world balance.
Virtual Items are non-transferable and personal to you. You cannot trade Virtual Items in any way or sell them for
	                    real money to other players. The only exception to this is if we offer our own trading function in our Apps.
Your right to any Virtual Items you have paid for is limited to the Platform and edition 
	                    of the Apps for which you have added the Premium Service. It does therefore not include other editions of the 
	                    Apps or other applications made available by us or any other party on this or other Platforms.
The Virtual Items purchased in-app will disappear if the game is deleted from the device. There is no way to 
	                    retrieve Virtual Items that has been lost due to deletion of the application.
The price payable by you for Virtual Items is indicated within the applicable App at the time you make a purchase.
We reserve the right to change the functionality, specifications and price for any Virtual Items at any time
	                    for any reason.
LIMITED WARRANTIES
We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information published on the Apps; nor do we commit to ensuring 
	            that the Apps remains available or that the content on the Apps is kept up to date.
The Apps are provided "as is" and you use the Apps at your own risk. To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, 
	            we disclaim all warranties and conditions, whether express or implied, including any warranties or conditions that the Apps 
	            are merchantable, of satisfactory quality, reliable, accurate, fit for a particular purpose or need, non-infringing or free 
	            of defects or errors or able to operate on an uninterrupted basis, or that the use of the application by you is in compliance 
	            with laws applicable or that information transmitted in connection with the Apps will be successfully, accurately or securely 
	            transmitted.
In the event of any failure of the Apps to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify the platform from which 
	            you have downloaded the Apps (such as Apple), and, if applicable, it will refund the purchase price (if any) for the Apps to 
	            you and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, it will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect 
	            to the Apps, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to 
	            any warranty will be our sole responsibility.
NO LIABILITY
To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, in no event shall we be liable to you with respect to use of the Apps; 
	            and be liable to you for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages, including, without 
	            limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, lost profits, loss, theft or corruption of user information, the inability to use 
	            the Apps or device failure or malfunction.
Your sole remedy is to cease use of the Apps. To the fullest extent allowable under applicable law, in no event (but subject 
	            to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law) shall the aggregate liability of us, whether in contract, tort (including 
	            negligence), strict liability or other theory, arising out of or relating to the use of or inability to use the Apps exceed the 
	            compensation you have paid, if any, to us for access to or use of the Apps.
INDEMNITY
At our request, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, and our employees, contractors, officers, and directors 
	            from any and all claims, damages, costs, penalties and expenses (including attorney’s fees) that arise from your use or misuse of 
	            the Apps, violation of these Terms or violation of any rights of a third party.
We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, 
	            in which event you will co-operate in asserting any available defences. In the event of any third party claim that the Apps or 
	            your possession and use of the Apps infringes that third party’s intellectual property right, we, not the platform at which 
	            you have downloaded the Apps, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defence, settlement and discharge of any such 
	            intellectual property infringement claim.
LIMITING YOUR ACCESS TO THE APPS
If we believe that you breach these Terms in any way, we may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the 
	            breach, including suspending your access to the Apps, prohibiting you from accessing the Apps, blocking devices using your IP 
	            address from accessing the Apps, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the Apps 
	            and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY
Provided that you have downloaded the Apps from the Apple App Store, Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party 
	            beneficiaries of these Terms. Upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have 
	            accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary thereof.
CHANGES
We reserve the right to change or modify these Terms or any other policies referred to herein related to use of the Apps 
	            at any time and at our sole discretion by posting revisions on our website or in the Apps. Continued use of the Apps following the 
	            posting of these changes or modifications will constitute acceptance of such changes or modifications.
ASSIGNMENT
We may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these Terms without notifying 
	            you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
SEVERABILITY
If a provision of these Terms is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, 
	            the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part 
	            of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with Austrian law, and any disputes relating to these Terms will 
	            be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Austria.
CONTACT US
The full name of our company is BlueRiver Interactive GnbR
You can contact us by e-mail to blueriverteam@gmail.com
Address: Tanzwiese 1, 4240 Freistadt, Austria