GAME FREAKS
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
GAME FREAKS
GAME FREAKS
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not collect Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax and other device numbers, social security numbers, calendar entries stored within your Device, contact entries stored within your Device, files, content, photographs, location information and other metadata in photographs and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Services, and/or the Site which identifies you or another person.
SECURITY
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information or is impenetrable.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements. If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that websites or service, and not to this Privacy Policy. We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information. Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service.
OUR POLICY TOWARD CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
The Services are not directed to children under 13 years of age. If you become aware that your child under 13 has provided us with personal information without your consent. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. By using any Application, the Services or the Site, you are representing to us that you are not under the age of 13. We recommend that minors, who are 13 years old but under 18 years old, ask their parents or legal guardians for permission before sending any information about themselves to us or anyone else, whether by using an Application, the Services or the Site.
Please Note: Only following Android publisher accounts have a right to use this Privacy Policy page.
▪ GAME FREAKS
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse