Privacy Policy – Billion Gaming Studio
Skip to content
Billion Gaming Studio
Menu
+
×
expanded
collapsed
Home
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Billion Gaming Studio. We always take care of your privacy.
Billion Gaming Studio (“Billion Gaming Studio“, “us”, “our” or “we“) are highly serious in protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you“). This Privacy Policy page is used to inform App users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our App provided on a mobile platform
(for example, Apple’s iOS App Store, Google’s Play Store)
(collectively, the “Service”). If you choose to use our App, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the app quality and to generate user based ads.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including your Advertisement ID, your age and gender information. The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected or stored by us in any way.
The app does use
third party services
that may collect information used to identify you. We use third parties tools like
Google Play Services, Google Admob and Adsense, Google Firebase, IronSource
Mediation and Ads Services, Unity Ads, Chartboost and Applovin
that collect and use this information, also app usage behaviour for analytics and to generate user specific ads. Google Firebase, Unity Analytics, Unity Ads, Chartboost and Applovin may use your location and language information on its own to show you, ads in your local language and to show real-time analytic to improve overall app quality.
Identifiers,
Your Advertising ID:
An additional unique identifier of available solely from within the app of the app developer which cannot be used to identify you on other apps. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”) or ID For Vendor (“IDFV”) on iOS devices. The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize your device across non-affiliated apps, for purposes such as frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection, personalized advertising, and whitelisting. Advertising network we use may use your Internet Protocol(“IP”) for purposes such as frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection, personalized advertising, and whitelisting. you can change your Internet Protocol(“IP”) anytime.
Identifiers,
Age
: We may request you to provide us with your age to make sure you are 13+ years old we only store that information on device within app we do not store it anywhere else. Third party Analytics and Ads services use it to generate age group specific ads. This information will be deleted when you uninstall this app.
Identifiers,
Gender
: We may request you to provide us with your gender information. we only store that information on device within app we do not store it anywhere else. Third party Analytics and Ads services use it to generate gender group specific ads. This information will be deleted when you uninstall this appW
Firebase Privacy Policy
Google Play Services Privacy Policy
Unity3d Privacy Policy
Chartboost Privacy Policy
Admob and Adsense Privacy Policy
Facebook Ads Policy
Permissions required by App
This application will require you to allow “Read/Write access” to external or internal storage because this app needs to store app related data in the device. This data is essential for app in order to work properly.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect data and information through Google Firebase and Google Play Services on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your devices’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at billiongaming2020@gmail.com.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Billion Gaming Studio
,
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
Billion Gaming Studio
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Billion Gaming Studio
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this:
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started