PP - Love Story
Privacy Policy
This document explains
What information we collect when you use our game,
How we use that information.
Who we are
We are Webelinx Games d.o.o. Nis, Serbia, the developer of Love Story Ⓡ Games. Our main contact address is contact@webelinxgames.com
.
Data we collect
We use the device identifier and we may collect or process some of your personal data.
Device Identifier
Our game is using the device identifier (ID). The device identifier is not connected to your personally identifiable information or associated with any other persistent device identifier without your explicit consent.
Personal Data
If you use our game, we do not require that you leave any personal data, nor are we processing the data. You can play the game without logging in or providing personal information to us. On the other hand, if you decide to log into your Apple or Google account and play Love Story Games, you will provide some of your personal data to us. Thus, if you use your Google or Apple account
,
please read carefully the following section –
Data we collect.
Also, if the device you are using allows it, we will be able to collect information such as the IP address, browser, domain name, time of access, and location. This information will be used solely for the purpose of analyzing our players’ behavior (for example, the number of downloads from specific geolocation and average time spent in the game). These data cannot be traced back to a specific user nor used to identify you. If you play our game without logging into your account, we do not collect, handle, or transmit personal or sensitive data, including personally identifiable information, authentication information, your name and address, the phone book or contact data, microphone and camera sensor data, or sensitive device data. You do not share other sensitive information by playing our game. Thus, you can safely play our game, and be sure that by using it, you cannot be identified. Also, your identity, as well as your personal, financial, and payment information cannot be violated. Important notice is that we do not store your data on our local servers.
Data we collect if you use your Google or Apple account
If you decide to log into a Google or Apple account, we will collect your name, last name, and email address. We do not ask for, collect, or store any other type of personal data.
Such data is being collected to create your User ID and upgrade your user experience. The advantage of creating the User ID is that you will be able to save your game progress and achievements. Further on, it will give you the possibility to access our game from different devices without losing your progress and achievements. Also, you will be able to get in-game rewards such as coins or similar items. Of course, you can choose to opt out from using your Google or Apple account in our game settings menu at any time.
Your name, last name, and email address are stored on our partner’s servers, Firebase internal servers, and used only for the above-mentioned purposes. All of our partners, as well as Firebase, are trusted companies and we invite you to read their privacy policy, set in the
Data sharing
section.
Though you have the right to submit a request for the deletion of your data, it is important to know that by deletion, you will lose your User ID and your accounts, as well as your progress, achievements, and the option to play the game on different devices.
Data we collect automatically
Here is the list of data we may collect and process:
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device or advertising ID), if your device allows it,
Data about your device, such as the device name and operating system, browser type and language, internet service provider, and mobile carrier,
Approximate location data (as derived from IP address),
Data about your account if you had one (some) and game progress, including, in most cases, an automatically created internal account ID,
User ID, a generic ID made by Google Play Service or similar services,
Data from platforms that the games run on,
Data from payment service providers: order ID, which is a generic number and it is not personal data, and payment history, which includes only the payments in our game, and
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising).
Data you might actively provide us with
You don’t have to share personal data with us, but if you contact us of your own will, you will share your name and email address data with us. You can contact us by sending us an email at the main contact address. We will use this information only for the purpose of answering your request. We will not store this information on our servers or transmit it, in any way other than how we treat other correspondence with our clients and business partners. We do not further process any user personal data received during such correspondence, except for particular correspondence or activities derived from it.
Data sharing
The only data we may share with our partners – ad networks and similar entities, is the device identifier, which would be shared solely for the purpose of direct marketing, under the legitimate interest and ensuring that such sharing is not done in a manner which is beyond reasonable and widespread, in a relationship established by you using our game. Some of these partners may be located in countries outside of the EU, but as stated above, the only information possibly shared with them is the device identifier, which is associated solely with your device, and not with your identity or other personal data in any other way.
Here is the list of our partners’ ad networks,  so you can check or opt out of sharing your data through their Privacy Policy forms:
AdColony
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Meta (Facebook)
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Google AdMob
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9755590?hl=en
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
UnityAds
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Digital Turbine (Fyber)
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/
Pangle
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Singular
https://www.singular.net/privacy-policy/
Firebase
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Purpose of data collecting and data sharing
Location data: approximate location data and IP address are collected and shared for the purpose of game functionality, analytics, advertising or marketing, and fighting fraud,
Personal data: name and email address are collected to create a User ID or answer your requests and correspondence; the email and user IDs are collected and shared for the purpose of game functionality, upgrading your user experience, analytics, advertising or marketing, security, fighting fraud and compliance,
Financial data: purchase history is collected and shared for the purpose of fighting fraud, game functionality, analytics, advertising or marketing, security and compliance, and personalization,
Device or other IDs are collected and shared for the purpose of analytics, advertising or marketing, security, personalization, account management, and fighting fraud and compliance.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We will keep your personal data only for as long as necessary for the realization of the aforementioned purpose(s) of the personal data processing or until a withdrawal of consent for the processing of the personal data. In this case, consent is the legal basis for the particular processing, and the person to whom the particular personal data relates may decide to withdraw their previously provided consent. If consent is the legal basis for personal data processing in the particular case, we will, in the case of its withdrawal, terminate the processing upon the respective withdrawal, unless there is another statutory ground for the particular processing.
Users age
In case you are under the age of 16, you are required to inform us immediately by using the contact information available below, so that appropriate action is taken to ensure legitimate processing of any kind of your data.
The content of Love Story games is not suitable for all age groups. Our games are categorized as suitable for at least 12 or 16 years old users, or different ages, depending on your current residence country. Age category is clearly stated in the game’s general information on App Store and Google Play Store game pages.
User rights
You have the right to submit a request for access, correction, or deletion of your data. In case of deletion, you lose your User IDs and your account(s) if you had one (some), as well as the option to use the game on different devices if you had this option. We will gladly and efficiently handle any such request, in full respect of your rights. If you are not satisfied with how your request is handled, in some cases, you could be entitled to file a request to the competent authority as well.
Opting out
If you wish to opt out from personalized direct marketing, which is done under legitimate interest as elaborated above, you are entitled to do so by clicking the following link:
Opt out of Ads Personalization
. Using this link may lead to a follow-up correspondence requiring you to provide additional personal information to certify you are entitled to claim this right. Once your request is confirmed as valid, the opt-out will be made effective within 10 to 15 working days.
If you are a resident of the State of California and the California Consumer Protection Act could apply, you are entitled to opt out from the usage of your device’s Advertising Identifier by clicking the following link:
Do Not Sell My Data.
. Using this link may lead to a follow-up correspondence requiring you to provide additional personal information to certify you are entitled to claim this right. Once your request is confirmed as valid, the opt-out will be made effective within 10 to 15 working days.
Contact related to personal data
For any personal data-related question, request, or complaint, we invite you to contact us at:
contact
@webelinxgames.com.
Webelinx Games d.o.o.
Nis, Aleksandra Medvedeva bb, Serbia
Email:
contact
@webelinxgames.com
Opting Out
Name
Email
Subject
Message
No, thank you. I do not want.
Opting Out
Name
Email
Subject
Message
No, thank you. I do not want.