Trendish Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Trendish Privacy Policy
Trendish Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
May 09, 2017
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Trendish Privacy Policy where ‘’your privacy is important to us’’.
Mobile Analytics
Trendish uses mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics and Google Play Developer. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties.  We do not have access or control over these third parties.
Please refer to our list of analytics partners which is available in the cookies section for further information about these services.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our services. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you. In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services.  After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our service. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
Children;
Many of our Websites/Apps are intended for general audiences, and we do not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. When users are identified as under 13, we will block such users from providing Personal Information or make sure to get prior parental consent before collecting Personal Information. To the extent we feel that any of our Websites/Apps are directed to children under the age of 13, we will not collect Personal Information from users of those Websites/Apps.
We may collect non-personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our websites/ apps. The data collected will be anonymous and not tied to any Personal Information. In addition, this data will be used solely for internal purposes such as personalization of content, security, and contextual (not behavioral) advertising. Certain of our websites/ apps may permit in-game purchases, even if the applicable game was free to download. Such purchases do not always require the re-entry of credit card information because they may be made through an existing third-party account (such as an iTunes account). If you are a parent who is concerned about this feature, you may disable the ability to make in-game purchases by selecting the Settings tab for the applicable website/ app, and following the necessary prompts to prohibit such purchases. If you are between the age of 13 and 18, please obtain your parents' permission prior to registering with our Platform or providing us with any personal information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Data retention;
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Use of information – purpose and legal basis
We use information about you for the following purposes in accordance with the legal bases for each type of personal data as described below:
Age
-is being processed:
a.to identify whether you are a child or adult for data protection purposes to determine the legal requirements for our processing of your data.
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for compliance purposes, see Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.
Log-, device-, usage-, and consumption information
-are being processed:
b.to provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information as requested by you / as agreed with you;
c.to provide and maintain the App and the game experience; and
d.to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Our processing for the above purposes is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party in order to support the operation of the App, facilitate the delivery of requested products and services and enable maintenance and update of the App, see Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
e.to provide news and information about the App that we think will be of interest to you;
f.to personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features;
g.to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the App; and
h.to provide children (as this term is construed under GDPR in EU, COPPA in the US and relevant applicable legislation in other jurisdictions) with reasonable contextual advertisements in the App.
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (also known as "the balancing-of-interest rule").
i.to provide non-child users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified under Sharing of Information) for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in the App (behavioral advertising).
Our processing for the above purpose is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. The disclosure of your advertising ID to third parties for the purposes of behavioral advertising is based on your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR (see more below under Sharing of Information).
Information from other sources
-are being processed:
j.to provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information;
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party in order to facilitate the delivery of requested products and services, see Section 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
Sharing of information
We disclose information about you to the following categories of recipients based on the legal bases in Sections 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c) and 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (see a description of the legal bases above):
Furthermore, if you have given your consent in accordance with Section 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, we share your advertising ID to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within the App. We use or may use the advertising network companies.
k.to link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
l.to provide news and information about the App we think will be of interest to you;
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
Google signals may be generated by the google services used in our app so the users are acknowledged for the collection and processing of their data, including the association of such data with the visitation information Google Analytics collects from site and/or app property. This info is only collected for analytics and better Ad or/and App experience purposes. Personal info is never disclosed. This info, not any personal info, is only used by google and its products which is neither shared with us nor any third party except google products.
We only process your information to the extent that is necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information has been collected.
Your rights
If you wish to use any of the rights described below, you may contact us at any time by emailing us.e process and answer your requests without undue delay and in any event within one month of our receipt of the request unless a longer period is required due to the complexity of the request. In this case, our response time can be up to three months in total as permitted by Article 12 of the GDPR.
Right to request access
You have the right to request access into the data that we are processing on you, see
Article 15 of the GDPR, including information about:
•the purposes of the processing
•the categories of personal data concerned
•the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed
•the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored
Furthermore, you have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. Please note that the access may be restricted due to intellectual property or trade secrets.
The right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of-interest rule in Section 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, see Article 21 of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. We will cease the processing of your personal data for this purpose after the objection. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use the App will cease automatically.
Right to rectification and erasure
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, see Article 16 of the GDPR.
Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal data erased where one of the following grounds applies, see Article 17 of the GDPR:
•the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed,
•if you have withdrawn your consent and there are no other legal grounds for the processing,
•if you have objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing,
•the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law,
•the personal data have been unlawfully processed or
•the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to restriction
You have the right to obtain restriction of processing in certain circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR. If you have the right to restriction, we will only process your data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim or to protect a person or important grounds of public interest
The right to withdraw consent
If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, see Article 7 of the GDPR.
If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data.
lease note that if you withdraw your consent, your user license to use the App will cease automatically.
The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
farahnadel
4 March 2022 at 16:35
Sloty Casino - Mapyro
Find out the closest casino to
안양 출장샵
you and nearby.
의정부 출장샵
The sloty casino provides a unique range of gambling machines for the most  Rating: 5
강원도 출장마사지
·
광주 출장샵
‎3 reviews
양주 출장샵
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Trendish Privacy Policy
Visit profile
Archive
May 2017
1
Report Abuse