EULA – Fentazy
Skip to content
Fentazy
Menu
EULA
Home
Blog
EULA
END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR CURRENT APPLICATION.
IMPORTANT PLEASE READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS PROGRAM:
Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) End-User License Agreement (“EULA”) is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) . for the Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) software product(s) identified above which may include associated software components, media, printed materials, and “online” or electronic documentation (“SOFTWARE PRODUCT”). By installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. This license agreement represents the entire agreement concerning the program between you and Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) , (referred to as “licenser”), and it supersedes any prior proposal, representation, or understanding between the parties. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not install or use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed, not sold.
1. GRANT OF LICENSE.
The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed as follows:”
(a) Installation and Use.
Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) grants you the right to install and use copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT on your mobile device  that running a validly licensed copy of the operating system for which the SOFTWARE PRODUCT was designed [e.g., Windows Mobile, Symbian, Android, OS X].
(b) Backup Copies.
You may also make copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT as may be necessary for backup and archival purposes.
2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.
(a) Maintenance of Copyright Notices.
You must not remove or alter any copyright notices on any and all copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
(b) Distribution.
You may not distribute registered copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT to third parties. Evaluation versions available for download from Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) websites may be freely distributed.
(c) Prohibition on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly.
You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.
(d) Rental.
You may not rent, lease, or lend the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
(e) Support Services.
Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) may provide you with support services related to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT (“Support Services”). Any supplemental software code provided to you as part of the Support Services shall be considered part of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA.
(f) Compliance with Applicable Laws.
You must comply with all applicable laws regarding use of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
3. ADVERTISE
Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) doesn’t associates and do not own, control or manage capacity on the advertises that are shown in it. If there is a problem with the shown ads, please contact with us, so that we can provide you with the email of the advertises, so that you can contact them, about the shown ads.
We work with follow ad companies:
– AdMob
[Terms of Use And Privacy Policy]
– StartApp
[Terms of Use And Privacy Policy]
– Vungle
[Terms of Use And Privacy Policy]
– Unity Ads
[Terms of Use And Privacy Policy]
3.1 IN-APP-PURCHASES
Tony Ltd may save the email addresses on server, in case when user decide to make in-app purchase (like virtual coins, diamonds, etc). The email address is used by Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) for recovery of all purchases (consumable, non-consumable) if user lost the phone/tablet or buy new device.
4. TERMINATION
Without prejudice to any other rights Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT in your possession.
5. COPYRIGHT
All title, including but not limited to copyrights, in and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and any copies thereof are owned by Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) or its suppliers. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the content which may be accessed through use of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is the property of the respective content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties. This EULA grants you no rights to use such content. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) .
6. PERMISSIONS
– We use this permission to check when somebody calls on user phone to make the app in pause mode and to save the whole game progress.
– We use this permission in some of our apps to read phone book contacts and we don’t send this data through web servers or third party companies.
– We use this permission in some of our apps to read phone bookmarks and we don’t send this data through web servers or third party companies.
– We use this permission in some of our apps, because we want to make user laughing when we get the his voice coming from his microphone and turn it into a funny child voice.
or
– We use this permission(s) in some of our apps to login current user to Google Game Services we don’t send this data through web servers or third party companies, we don’t collect emails or passwords.
– We use this permission to capture your favorite moments in the game. We don’t send this data through others web servers or third party companies.
7. GENERAL DATA PROTECTION
The type of personal information we collect
We collect only email address (of course if you chose to give us) when you buy something in the application or when we save your game progress. We ask for your email in form that have “Cancel” or “X” button.
Why we collect your email address (when you chose to give us)
It’s necessary to save your email to identify you if you lose your phone/tablet/pc to restore your purchases or your game progress to your new device.
The type of personal information we collect
Only your email address (if you chose to give us). We don’t collect any personal information about you.
How we collect personal information
We store your email address on a secure place in your servers.
How we use personal information
We only save your email address in your servers until you decide to restore your game progress or your purchases.
When we disclose your personal information
We will disclose personal information to the following recipients:
–	Companies that are in the Tonee Ltd group which are located in Bulgaria;
–	Subcontractors and service providers who assist us in connection with the ways we use personal information (as set out above), in particular: website hosting providers which are located in Bulgaria; technical and customer support services which are located in Bulgaria, payment processing services which are located in the Bulgaria; identification verification services located in the BG; and operational tooling services which are located in the BG. Noting that our subcontractors and services providers may also transfer and access such information from  other countries in which they have operations.
–	our professional advisers (lawyers, accountants, financial advisers etc.) which are located in BG;
–	regulators and government authorities in connection with our compliance procedures and obligations;
–	a third party to respond to requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity;
–	a third party, in order to enforce or defend our rights, or to address financial or reputational risks;
–	a rights holder in relation to an allegation of intellectual property  infringement or any other infringement; and
–	other recipients where we are authorised or required by law to do so.
Where we transfer and/or store your personal information
We are based in Bulgaria so your data will be processed in Bulgaria.
How we keep your personal information secure
We store personal information on secure servers that are managed by us and our service providers, and occasionally hard copy files that are kept in a secure location in Bulgaria.
How you can access your personal information
You can write us on email help.tonee@live.com about collection of your data.
Marketing Choices regarding your personal information
We can send you an email about news or updates. You have option to opt-out at any time.
How long we keep your personal information
We save your info secure on your servers for 10 years.
When we need to update this policy
We will need to change this policy from time to time in order to make sure it stays up to date with the latest legal requirements and any changes to our privacy management practices.
When we do change the policy, we’ll make sure to notify you about such changes, where required. A copy of the latest version of this policy will always be available on this page.
How you can contact us
At email: help.tonee@live.com
If you’re a user or visitor in the European Economic Area these rights also apply to you:
For the purposes of applicable EU data protection law (including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), we are a ‘data controller’ of your personal information.
How you can access your personal information
You are also entitled to ask us to port your personal information (i.e. to transfer in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to you), to erase it, or restrict its processing. You also have rights to object to some processing that is based on our legitimate interests, such as profiling that we perform for the purposes of direct marketing, and, where we have asked for your consent to process your data, to withdraw this consent as more fully described below.
These rights are limited in some situations – for example, we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your personal information. In some instances, this means that we may retain some data even if you withdraw your consent.
Where we require your personal information to comply with legal or contractual obligations, then provision of such data is mandatory: if such data is not provided, then we will not be able to manage our contractual relationship with you, or to meet obligations placed on us. In all other cases, provision of requested personal information is optional.
If you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. The relevant data protection authority will be the data protection authority of the country: of your habitual residence; of your place of work; or in which you consider the alleged infringement has occurred.
If you want to access everything about your email (saves, purchases) you need to write us on the same email address to identify you.
(c) Tonee Ltd (Fentazy) VAT: BG203550581
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Blog at WordPress.com.
Fentazy
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
%d
bloggers like this: