Tactical Monsters Privacy Policy
Home
Contact
Community
Media
User Terms
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
TACTICAL MONSTERS PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last Modified on December 4, 2015
Our Privacy CommitmentCamel Experience Information Technology (Shanghai) Inc. (the "Company," "Camex" "we," "us" or "our") is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of users of the Tactical Monsters mobile application and the Tactical Monsters website, located at www.tacticalmonsters.com (collectively, the "Game"). As such, we have established and implemented this Privacy Statement to inform users of the Game about how we use and protect the information we collect through the Game. By using the Game, you consent to Camex's collection, use, storage, deletion, and disclosure of personal information relating to you as set forth in this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement is effective as of the date set forth above and covers our collection, use, and disclosure of information we collect through the Game.
This Privacy Statement answers the following questions:
What information do we collect about you and how do we use it?
Will we share your personal information with third parties?
What choices do you have about the collection and use of your personal information?
What security measures do we take to safeguard your personal information?
What Information Do We Collect About You and How Do We Use It?
Types of Information
We Collect personal information means information that can be used to identify and contact you. The Game may collect personal information from you, including your email address, name, username, age, birthdate, password, location, and social media information.We may collect personal information when you create an account in the Game; fill in a 'contact us' request to receive customer or technical support; subscribe to our newsletter; participate in Game feedback, questionnaires, surveys, or contests.How We Use Your Personal Information
Game Content
Camex may use your device's location data and other personally identifiable information to serve you with personalized and relevant content within the Game.User Profile. Camex may use certain personally identifiable information, including your username and location, to publicly display on your individual user profile within the Game.Newsletters and Support. Camex may use your email address, phone number, or other personally identifiable information to send you commercial or marketing messages including, without limitation, newsletters, text messages, and email communications about our products or services. We will also use your email address or phone number to contact you regarding any customer or technical support issues.Payment Processing. If you purchase virtual goods through the Game, Camex may need for you to provide certain financial information so that Camex may effect a payment transaction. As part of the payment system, Camex or third parties performing sales processing services on Camex's behalf, will collect, store and use non-public personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, credit card number, phone number, and your e-mail address. In addition, the payment system will also collect information regarding the actual bill payment transaction, including the date and amount paid. Camex will store and protect this information in the same manner that Camex stores and protects other personal information.
De-Personalizing Your Information
We may make your personal information non-personally identifiable by either combining it with information about other users (aggregating your personal information with information about other users), or by removing characteristics (such as your name or email address) that make the information personally identifiable. This process is known as de-personalizing your information. You grant us a royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable and fully transferable right and license to use your personal information in connection with the creation and development of analytical and statistical analysis tools relating to the use of the customer data we collect in the Game (the "Analytical Data"). We are expressly authorized to make any commercial use of the Analytical Data, including without limitation, sharing the Analytical Data with third parties.
User Analytics
Our Game uses DeltaDNA Analytics, Google Analytics, Appsflyer in combination with Google Play, and Apple App Store to help us learn about who uses our Game and what actions they take while using the Game.  Social MediaOur Game interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook. You can log in to our Game using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect, Apple Game Center, Google Play Games, or another Open ID provider (collectively, the "Connected Services"). These Connected Services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Signing in with social media means that your social media profile photo may be viewable by other users of the Game. Features like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities in the Game to your profile page to share with others within your network. Those social media sites and Connected Services may collect your IP address or set cookies. If you are a member of a social media site, the interfaces may allow the social media site to connect and view your personally identifiable information.
Our Game also includes Social Media Buttons, such as a Facebook "Share" button, and other links or connections to social networking sites and apps. These features may collect your IP address, personal information, and information about your activities within the Game. By clicking on these links or buttons, you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy. When you provide personal information to us through the Game and on social networking sites, it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties.Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it, such as Facebook. Through some social networking sites' privacy settings, you can control what data you share.  For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13, allow them to create accounts, sign up for newsletters, log in, or use the Game. Camex takes children's privacy seriously and encourages parents to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times. We urge parents to instruct their children never to give out their real names, addresses, or phone numbers, without parental permission, when on-line. If you have any concerns about your child's personal information, please contact us at suppot@tacticalmonsters.com.
How We Will Share Your Personal Information With Third Parties.
We will share the personal information we collect from you under the following circumstances:Protection of rights. Camex will share personal information if we have a good faith belief that (i) access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or a request by law enforcement or governmental authorities, (ii) such action is necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues associated with the Game, or (iii) such action is appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Camex, its employees, clients, or users of the Game.Asset transfers. If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of Camex's assets or a line of business, user information, including personal information collected from you through your use of the Game, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, Camex will use reasonable means to notify you through a prominent notice within the Game. By sharing your personal information with Camex, you are giving Camex consent to transfer your personal information to a third party in an asset transfer described here. Service Providers. We may share your personal information with third party vendors or service providers that we engage for the purpose of processing information on our and your behalf. Additionally, we may partner with other companies to process, analyze, and/or store data, including, but not limited to, Analytical Data. While providing services for us, these companies may access your personal information. To the extent applicable, we require these entities to comply with this Privacy Statement and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.Additional Information You Should Know About Third PartiesPlease be aware that we cannot control the activities of third parties to whom we provide data, and as such we cannot guarantee that they adhere to the same privacy and security procedures as Camex. When you click on a third party logo or URL displayed in our Game that links you to a different website or app, such as sharing Game content to Facebook or other social media sites, our Privacy Statement no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the third party to see how your personal information will be handled on their services. If you cannot find their privacy policy, then you should contact the respective owners of those services to obtain information regarding their information collection, use and disclosure policies. We are not responsible for their collection and use of your personal information.
Forums and Chat Rooms
You should be aware that, when you disclose information about yourself in on Camex's forums or in the in-game chat rooms, the information is being made publicly available and may be collected and used by Camex or other third parties.  When you disclose any information in on our forums, or chatrooms, you do so at your own risk.
What Choices Do You Have About the Collection and Use of Your Personal Information?
When you provide us with personal information by entering your username, email addresses, social media information, etc. into the Game, you consent to our collecting, using, and sharing it in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Control of Your Information
Camex may allow you to control the way we use some personally identifying information that we obtain. At the time you provide personal information, Camex may give you the option of declining any future offers or information about new products, promotions, or services. In addition, many of the "mailings" Camex may send you, such as newsletters, have procedures within them to cancel the receipt of any future mailings.
Governing Law
This Privacy Statement is governed by, and construed under, the laws of People's Republic of China, excluding its choice of law provisions.
Mediation
You agree that, in the event any dispute or claim arises out of or relating to this Privacy Statement, you and Camex will attempt in good faith to negotiate a written resolution of the matter directly between the parties. You agree that if the matter remains unresolved for forty-five (45) days after notification (via certified mail or personal delivery) that a dispute exists, all parties shall join in mediation services in Shanghai, China with a mutually agreed mediator in an attempt to resolve the dispute. Should you file any arbitration claims, or any administrative or legal actions without first having attempted to resolve the matter by mediation, then you agree that you will not be entitled to recover attorneys' fees, even if you would otherwise be entitled to them.
What Security Measures Do We Take To Safeguard Your Personal Information?
The personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers that are located in secured facilities and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information. In addition, Company employees and agents who have access to your personal information are trained in the maintenance and security of that information. However, no server, computer or communications network or system, or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the Game and you acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk. Once we receive a transmission from you, we will endeavor to maintain its security on our systems.
Notification of Changes
This Privacy Statement may change from time to time and we will post all changes within the Game. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Statement if you use the Game after the updated Privacy Statement is posted within the Game. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the Privacy Statement then in effect, you must immediately stop using the Game.
Questions?
Contact Us if you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Statement, please contact us by email at support@tacticalmonsters.com or by postal mail at: Shanghai Xu Hui Qu, 20 Cha Ling Bei Lu, Building #5, Room 301, Shanghai, China 2017 Camex. All rights reserved.
Home
Contact
Community
Media
User Terms
Privacy Policy
Copyright Camex Games 2017. All Rights Reserved.