Home page
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Support
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) describes what information Animaccord DTC Ltd, registered in the Republic of Cyprus with company number ΗΕ 402587 and located at 82 Griva Digeni, Stephanie House, office 202, 3101, Neapolis, Limassol, Cyprus (the “
Company
”), collects and how it uses, discloses, transfers, and stores it.
Animaccord DTC Ltd (“Company”, “we”, or “our”) recognizes the importance of your personal privacy. Therefore, we have created this Privacy Policy so that you know how we use and disclose your information when you make it available to us.
The Company collects, stores, and uses your information as a data controller in connection with, and in order to provide and develop games, mobile applications, services and websites (collectively referred to as the “
Services
”) in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
By using the Services, you signify your agreement to be bound by this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SERVICES OR PARTICIPATE IN THE SERVICES.
Key aspects of our privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy include the following explanations:
The data that we collect and why we collect it; How we use that data; How we share data; The rights to your data.
PERSONAL DATA THAT WE COLLECT
The Company collects only adequate and relevant information limited to the purposes defined hereunder.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY DIRECTLY FROM YOU WHEN YOU USE THE SERVICES
User ID (unidentifiable)
Time zone
Locale
Device Model
OS Version
App Version
In-App Purchases
Identifier for Third-Party Vendor (as defined below).
INFORMATION USAGE
We will only use your personal data as described below, unless you have specifically consented to another type of use, either at the time the personal data is collected from you or through some other form of consent from you or notification to you:
We may share your personal data collected in connection with providing the Services. We may use your personal data to respond to your inquiries or requests. We may share your personal data with third parties to further the purpose for which you provided such information to us. Specifically, we may share your information with the third-party vendors listed below (collectively referred to as the “
Third-Party Vendors
”).
We urge you to read the privacy practices of all of our Third-Party Vendors before submitting any personal data through the Services.
Third-Party Vendor
Privacy Policy
Apple
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
We may disclose personal data as required by law or legal process. We may disclose personal data to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, or the terms or policies for our services or our sponsors. As part of our international operations, we may transfer personal information to Company’s affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies, and joint ventures from time to time for our legitimate business purposes. We may share your personal data with an affiliate of Animaccord DTC Ltd who is in the same corporate family as us as long as their privacy practices are substantially similar to ours.
Non- personally identifiable or aggregate information may be used by us for any purposes permitted by law and may be shared with any number of parties, provided that such information shall not specifically identify you.
ANALYTICS AND CONVERSION TRACKING
We use analytics services to help us analyze how users use the Service (including Facebook Analytics, Google Analytics as described below). The information generated by these services about your use of the Service (including your IP address or a truncated version of your IP address) is transmitted to and stored by analytics service providers on their servers. Those service providers will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your, and other users’, use of the Service, compiling reports for us on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage.
Facebook Analytics and Google Analytics are web and mobile analytics tools that helps website and mobile application owners understand how visitors engage with their website and/or mobile application.
Please see
https://analytics.facebook.com/
for more information about conversion tracking provided by Facebook.
Please see
https://analytics.google.com/
for more information about conversion tracking provided by Google.
SECURITY
We have implemented security measures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the personal information collected through the Services.
We force applicable third parties to take, reasonable precautions to protect your personal information against loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information and do not assume any responsibility for the unauthorized use of, or access to, your information that is under our control.
When we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information or credit card information, we take reasonable steps to require that they comply with this Privacy Policy and otherwise protect your personal information.
If you believe your personal information is being improperly used by us or any third party, please immediately notify us via email at
dpo@dtclab.pro
.
ESPECIALLY FOR CHILDREN UNDER 13
We encourage parents to instruct their children about privacy and the way they use their information on the Internet. Children should never disclose their name, address or phone number, or any personal information, without their parents’ prior permission.
Our collection of Personal Data from children under age 13 (“
Children
”) is intended to follow the principles of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), a United States law implemented to protect the online privacy of children under age 13 (such data, “
Children’s Personal Data
”). In EU countries, users under the age of 16 are considered children, unless the data protection regulation of their country of residence specifies another age.
We will obtain parental consent before asking for Children’s Personal Data unless the request for such data qualifies as an exception permitted under COPPA.
If we consider that any of the Services are directed at users under the minimum legal age required in their country of residence, we can block such users from using the Services or from providing information and/or limit the collection of information from such users as more particularly described below.
We do not, nor will we in the future, make Children’s Personal Data publicly available, nor do or will we enable Children to so on the Service. We will not collect any more Children’s Personal Data than is reasonably necessary to ensure proper functionality of the Service.
Parents of Children may contact us at any time at
dpo@dtclab.pro
to review, update or delete any of their Children’s Personal Data that we have collected. Parents may also request that we not collect any additional Children’s Personal Data from their Children.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
The Services may link to external sites that are beyond our control. This Privacy Policy only covers the way we treat personal information and non-personal information we collect on the Services. By accessing any external sites, you agree to the privacy policies of those sites. Please understand that external sites may have different policies with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. We have no control over and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of such third parties.
Therefore, you are encouraged to review the privacy policies of all third parties’ services. Without limiting anything in the following section, we are not liable in any way for the actions, inactions, or policies of any external services.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Therefore, please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware when any changes are made to it. Your continued use of the Services after such change(s) constitutes your acceptance of any such change(s), and if you do not accept any changes, you may choose not to use the Services or opt-out by sending us an appropriate notice. If you would like further information about any recent changes made, please send your request to
dpo@dtclab.pro
and include “Information about Changes” in the subject line.
USER ACCESS TO DATA
You have the right to request access to the data information we have stored on you. You can do this by contacting us at
dpo@dtclab.pro
. We will make sure to provide you with a copy of the saved data particular to you. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity. We will fulfill your request by sending an electronic copy unless you expressly specify a different method of receipt.
DATA CORRECTION AND DELETION
If you believe the data Animaccord DTC Ltd has collected on you is incorrect, you are encouraged to contact us to update it. Any data that is no longer needed for the purposes specified in this Policy will be deleted. You may request to have your data updated or deleted at any point by emailing us at
dpo@dtclab.pro
.
GOVERNING LAW
This Privacy Policy and all disputes relating to them shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Cyprus.
FOR EU USERS
We have taken measures to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and lawfully and that it receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) or Switzerland, we provide adequate protection for the transfer of personal information to countries outside of the EEA or Switzerland based on the standard contractual clauses authorized by the European Commission or other appropriate safeguards defined in Article 46, General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679.
CONTACT
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact us:
by sending an email to
dpo@dtclab.pro
by writing to the Company’s Data Protection Officer at: 82 Griva Digeny, Stephanie House, office 202, 3101, Neapolis, Limassol, Cyprus
Home page
Privacy Policy
User data deletion
Terms of Use
Support
© DTCLAB LTD, 2022-2023