ï»¿
Privacy
Buceymelley
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Buceymelley
Buceyme Games made the game a free-to-play game. The Privacy Policy on this page is used to inform visitors of our policies regarding the disclosure, collection and use of personal information if anyone decides to use our services. If you choose to use our services, you agree to the collection and use of information in connection with this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve service standards. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as those in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible here unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
One of our top priorities is to protect the privacy of our visitors. When using our services, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, all in order to provide a better experience for our users. The information we request will be retained by us and used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This app uses third-party services that may collect information that can be used to identify you.
Consent:
By using our Services, you hereby agree to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Log Data
We would like to inform you that whenever you use our services, if there is an error in the application, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your mobile phone, called log data. The information collected by the log files includes Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not related to any personally identifiable information. The purpose of this information is to analyze trends, administer the site, track user activity on the site, and gather demographic information.
Cookies
Cookies are files containing small amounts of data, often used as an anonymous unique identifier. This content is sent to your browser from the websites you visit and stored in your device's memory.
      The service does not expressly use these "cookies". However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve the service. You can choose to accept or reject these cookies and know when a cookie is sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of the Service.
Service providers
may employ third parties and individual companies to:
      provide services on our behalf;
      facilitate our services;
      provide services in connection with the services; 
      help us analyze how our services are used.
      We wish to inform users of this service that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose the information or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value the trust you place in us to provide your personal information, and therefore we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect this information.
Remember, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, nor can we guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Websites
The Service may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that website. Please note that these external websites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of these websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party website or service.
Children's Privacy
These services are not directed to anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete that information from our servers immediately. If you are a parent or guardian and you know that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take necessary action.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at buceymelleykojba5029@gmail.
Contact Us
Let me help you
Email us
buceymelleykojba5029@gmail.com
Contact Form
Sent Message
Copyright © 2022.Buceymelley rights reserved.