PrivacyPolicy
build a site
Privacy Policy
1
Privacy and Data Consent:
Digi-Chain Games (PHB Media LTD) does not request or collect any information from you through our apps.
However, many of our apps use advertising networks to deliver ads. In doing so certain personal information may be shared with the networks. Details of what is shared with the advertising networks, and your options regarding personalisation can be read in the 'Advertising' and 'Children' sections.
2
Advertising:
Many of our apps are ad supported to allow us to provide them free of charge.
Depending on your region you may be given the option to choose to receive personalised or non-personalised adverts (in compliance with GDPR and COPPA rules).
When you choose to receive personalised adverts the app will share certain personal information with the advertising networks, including the device ID, device model, location data etc. This info is provided solely so that the advertising networks can deliver adverts tailored to you.
If you choose to receive non-personalised adverts the ad networks may use mobile identifiers to deliver ads, but not for personalisation.
You can opt-out of data collection and request the removal of data held at any point by contacting the advertising networks we use:
Google Admob:
Admob Privacy Policy
Admob Opt Out
Admob delivers ads using ad technology providers, these ad technology providers may use your data for the purpose of ads personalisation and measurement.  Our games use Admob's 'commonly used' set of ad technology providers.
3
Children:
Digi-Chain Games (PHB Media LTD) does not request or collect any information from you through our apps.
Where our apps are targetted towards children (below the age of 13) interest-based advertising is disabled in compliance with COPPA regulations.
Where our apps are targetted at a general audience but may appeal to children under the age of 13 we may use a 'neutral' age gate to determine if the user is a child, if this is the case then interest-based advertising is disabled in compliance with COPPA regulations.
Home