Privacy Policy
Last Updated October 29, 2021
This privacy policy governs your use of our games for mobile devices, computers, and other electronic devices that were created by Mohammad Alizade.
The Application is a First-person shooting game geared towards multiple players.
The terms "we"/"our"/"us" when used in this Privacy Policy means "Polyfield", and "you"/"your" means you as a user of our Service.
If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, you should not access, visit and use the Product.
AGE REQUIREMENTS
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18 years of age. If you are under 18 years old, please do not provide any personal information to us.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User-Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download the application and your name (real name or fake) which will be temporarily stored or shared with the public, however this information is optional and it won't limit the app's features.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to:
the type of mobile device you use
your mobile devices unique device ID
the IP address of your mobile device
your mobile operating system
information about the way you use the Application, and error messages and other performance diagnostic information related to the regular operation of the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real-time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device or computer.
Third-party Service
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service:
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Data Collection For Advertising
Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device.
These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., country code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere.
If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled ‘opt-out’ below.
What are my opt-out rights?
Opt-out of all information collection: You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do NOT use cookies.
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Children's Privacy
We comply with the Children's Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) through the verification handled by PTC.
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (Children).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us.
If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Polyfield may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Polyfield
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
LINKS
Our Service may contain links to and from other websites and services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any third party sites. Please check the individual privacy policy of any such websites or services before you submit any personal information to them.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us:
via email at MohammadAlizadeh1995@gmail.com.
*If you don't agree to the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, you must immediately exit the Product and delete*