GameLead
Privacy Policy
GameLead
Dreaming
towards the Revolution of the Games Industry. Our Aim is to target
Mobile Users to play all games. We at
GameLead
believe
that privacy of our customers is an issue to be taken seriously. Thus
we take great measures to respect and protect our users’ privacy.
We believe that users have the right to know the personal information
that is being collected. This document explains how we may collect
some personal and non-personal information of our customers. In this
document
GameLead
is
referred to as
GameLead
‘we’
and ‘company’, whereas users of our games are referred to as
‘users’ and ‘you’.
EU’s
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) notices for EEA Customers
The
privacy of your personal and non-personal information is afforded the
highest level of importance by
GameLead
.
We will strictly comply with all relevant legislative requirements,
and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements
will override the provisions of this document. We reserve the right
to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and
such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our
website. If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged
under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States,
though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you
must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us
with any personal information. We may collect Non-Personal
Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier
linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to
play our Websites/Apps/Games.
Consent
We
would like to make it clear that by downloading, installing and using
our games, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and you also
agree with the collection of the information mentioned in this
document. You can always choose to not give this consent by deciding
to not use our mobile games. We understand that a significant number
of our games are played by kids under 13 years of age, and we must
protect children’s privacy and safety by restricting the marketing
to these children. A child under 13 can only play our games only with
consent from the guardian. You should uninstall and erase our games
if you or your legal guardian disagree with our privacy policy.
GameLead
respects
all these rights.
GameLead
does
not knowingly and directly collect and store any personal information
from a kid under the age of 13, and we hereby specifically prohibit
children from giving us any personal information.
Collection
of Information
We
may collect information to improve user experience. Please read the
types of information below.
Non
Personal Information
This
is the anonymous information from which one cannot find out the
identity of the user. Non personal information includes technical
information, behavioral data and statistical data. Non-personal
Information collected by Third Parties may include the following
technical information: type of operation system (e.g. Android, iOS,
etc.), type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari,
etc.), screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.), language
(e.g. English), device type (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.),
geo-location – only general location may be collected. This
information is usually gathered by third party services during your
usage of our games. They analyze your activities when you interact
with our games. This information is used to do statistical research,
measure traffic and make applications that are customized to your
preferences. These third-party service providers include but are not
limited to ‘Admob’, ‘Meta’ and ‘Unity Ads’. We advise you
to read privacy policies of these companies which can be found at the
following links:
Admob:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Firebase:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Google
Analytics:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Unity
Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Mintegral
SDK:
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
pangle:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy/enduser-en
Personal
Information
This
information may identify an individual or maybe of a private and/or
sensitive nature. Users of the Site/App/Game automatically provide
their IP address (or Mac Address) mainly for enhancing the User’s
experience and for geo-location and security purposes as further
detailed below. In addition, Personal Information that is being
gathered consists of any personal details provided consciously and
voluntarily by the User.
We
do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you
without your approval, which is obtained, through your active
acceptance of the Terms and the Privacy Policy and from Consent
Dialog from within App/Game.
We
may also collect the following information
⦁
IP
address;  Country code;
⦁
IDFAs,
IDFVs, Advertising IDs;
⦁
Language;
Locale (specific location where a given language is spoken);
⦁
Time
zone, session start/stop time,
⦁
Network
status (WiFi, etc.), browser plug-in types and versions;
⦁
User-agent
string (UA), platform, SDK version, timestamp
⦁
Technical
device information (e.g. device model and name, operating system name
and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware,
software, mobile phone carrier, Internet service provider, API key
identifier for application, International Mobile Equipment Identity
(IMEI) on Android, Android ID, Android Serial No);
How
Information is Collected:
Information
can be collected automatically and Programmatically.
⦁
When
you are browsing our Site
⦁
When
you are Using/Playing our App/Game
⦁
When
you contact us through Email/Facebook and/or other Support Channels
Purpose
of Information Collection
1
   Non-Personal Information is used for statistical and research
purposes and for customization and improvement of our Site/App/Game
2
     Personal Information is used to be able to Reply you when you
contact through support channels(Facebook/Email)
3
     Personal Information like Location/IP is used to show you Ads
according to your location, this is called contextual advertisement.
4
     We use the information we collect about you/your device to
deliver services to you and to operate our business. Such use by us
and by our Partners may include:
⦁
Delivering
Our Services
:
Developing, delivering, and improving our products, services, and
content, tailoring our products and services, providing software
updates and product support, understanding and analyzing trends in
connection with usage of the Apps, administering the Apps, and
customer communications.
⦁
Displaying
Advertisements
:
Displaying third-party advertisements in our Apps and showing
advertisements for our Apps in other publisher’s apps.
⦁
Cross-promotion
:
Cross Promoting our Apps and services, meaning we may promote one of
our Apps while you are playing a different App of ours.
⦁
Analytics
and Research
:
understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage of
the Apps, gathering demographic information about our user base, data
about where the App was downloaded from. We may also create reports
and analyses for the purposes of research or business intelligence,
for example, to track potential problems or trends with our Apps and
services, or to test our new game features and content. We use the
data we receive from Third Party Social networks only for internal
analytics. For opting out from analytics please visit the Opt-Out
Section of this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
and Local Data
Cookies
are small pieces of information stored on your device which enable
applications to enable certain features. E.g. User preferences like
the muted sound of the game shall be stored locally on your device,
frequency capping to make sure that if we decide to promote an app,
we do not run the ad of the same game over and over again. We shall
store and access such information to enhance your experience. Third
party services might use session cookies (which are deleted once you
close the app) or persistent cookies (which remain stored until the
user clears the cookies). The data stored can be personal or
non-personal. Most devices allow you to block and clear cookies. Thus
if you have allowed cookies on your device, your local device storage
might be used to store and access information.
Advertising
We
work together with third party service providers to integrate ads
(video interstitials, sticky ads, static interstitials and banners)
into our games. These ads shall be displayed in our games. These
service providers also track your interaction with the ads and the
performance of the ads. This information may be personal and/or
non-personal. This information is used by us in understanding the way
our games are used by you, enhancing our marketing efforts and making
games that are better customized for you. The third party service
providers’ usage of this information is not covered in this privacy
policy. We hereby also inform you that we shall advertise in our
games, other games made by us.
Links
to Other Websites/Apps/Games
Our
game may contain advertising and links to other websites of interest.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should
note that we do not have any control over that other website.
Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of
any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and
this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should
exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the
website in question.
Children’s
Privacy
We
understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy,
especially in an online environment. Our games are not directed at
children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect
personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are a
parent or guardian and believe that your child has provided us with
personal information, please contact us immediately so that we can
take necessary actions to remove the information.
Sharing
of Information
The
user information that is stored by us, shall only be shared according
to the following guidelines: · If doing so is binding by law, such
as following a court order, regulation, legal process or request by a
government. · To implement this privacy policy or finding out
potential violations. · To ensure detection and prevention of fraud
and security threats. · To negate the claims that content published
under
GameLead
violation
of a third party right. To make sure that the ads shown to you are
relevant. · To protect the rights and property of
GameLead
,
users or the general public. · In case of a merger, acquisition or
sale of the company, the change in ownership and usage of information
shall be notified through our website.
Payment
Information
If
you make a purchase in our Services, such as a license to use in-game
virtual currency or virtual items in a game you play, our third party
payment processor will collect the billing and financial information
to process your charges. This information may include your postal
address, e-mail address, and financial information, like credit card
numbers.
GameLead
does
not collect or store your financial information. However,
GameLead
payment
processors may share non-financial information with us related to
your purchases, like your name, billing address and the items
purchased in order to fulfill your order. We  may also obtain the
non-financial billing and payment information that you provide when
your purchase is processed by someone else (like Facebook, Apple or
Google) such as when you purchase something in a game you play on a
social network or that you downloaded on your mobile device.
Please
note that purchases of third party credits or currencies may also be
subject to those parties policies.
Security
We
take significant measures to ensure that our games and user
information collected by us remains safe and there is no unauthorized
access. We have used generally accepted industry standard
technologies and internal procedures in this regard. However, there
are inherent risks in transmission of information on the internet and
electronic storage of information, and we do not guarantee that no
unauthorized access will take place.
Modification
in Policy
We
may decide to update our privacy policy at any time. So we encourage
you to visit our policy to keep yourself up-to-date with it.
Feedback
For
any questions, comments or suggestions contact us at 
gamelead223@gmail.com . We shall be glad to hear from you.