首页
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
privacy policy
The purpose of this policy is to provide you with all important information and explanations on how and why ttile  collects and processes some of your data when you use our applications or browse our website. This ttile  stipulates and details the main principles of ttile  applicable to our data collection and processing.
This policy also aims to remind yourself of your rights and provide you with all the elements needed to exercise them.
ttile  team has adopted this ttile  (“ttile ”) to explain how ttile  collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with ttile  ’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS ttile  AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS ttile . IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS ttile , PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. ttile  reserves the right to modify this ttile  at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If ttile  makes material or significant changes to this ttile , ttile  may post a notice on ttile  ’s website along with the updated ttile . Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this ttile .
Non-personal data
For purposes of this ttile , “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data ttile  may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties,including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all ttile  users.
ttile  may use and disclose to ttile  ’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other ttile  services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by ttile  may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this ttile , “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by ttile  is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account information. The information includes your Facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’ id on Facebook. ttile  also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
ttile  may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other ttile  services and products. ttile  may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, ttile  may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to ttile  . This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. ttile  may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by ttile  and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this ttile .
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
ttile  collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this ttile . Additionally, ttile  may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this ttile .
ttile  may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on ttile  ’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our ttile  and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by ttile  . These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. ttile  may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. ttile  has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for ttile  . ttile  is not liable for the acts and omissions of these.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse