Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is effective as at 12.09.2016.
1. About the game and this policy
Welcome to Bubble Pirates' privacy policy! Bubble pirates is a bubble shooter game. This policy describes how we collect,
        use, process and share information on applications. This policy applies to the game Bubble Pirates, including mobile,
        PC or other platforms such as Facebook. This privacy policy explains the treatments of information provided or collected
        on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of
        the application. We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate.
2. Types of Information We Collect
We may receive and store information when you play our games. Broadly the information we collect about you relates to the
        type of device you are using, how you play our games (such as levels attempted and purchases made), and may include
        information that you submit when you login account our games. We may use information you provide to communicate with
        you and to improve our services. We collect the following categories of information:
The details about how you use our games, advertising and other Services. Such as , information about how and when you play our games, what devices
        you use to access our game.
Information we collect from you when you connect our games or Services to third party
        platforms or social network services or use other social or player-to-player functionality;
Transaction information you provide when you request information or purchase a product or service from us.
if you contact us, like Email,
        we may keep a record of that correspondence;
In some instances, when you make purchases on or through our website,
        we may collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers, but this information
        is temporarily cached in a way. We do not collect or retain credit card information. Our payment service providers
        will provide us with information about your purchases so that we know if a purchase has been successful. When you
        purchase items via our mobile apps (such as those you can purchase in the App Store, on Facebook or on Google Play)
        we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
3. How we use the information
We don't sell, and generally don't disclose your Personal Information to third-parties without your consent. We may uses
        your information for the following purposes: include providing our games and other services to you, optimizing the
        games and services we provide, enabling in-app purchases, storing your progress through our games, enabling social
        network integration, providing customer service support when you need it, contact you about promotional and marketing
        activities
4. Security
The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical,
        administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access,
        disclosure, use and modification. However, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. While no security system is
        completely secure, Bubble Pirates Company and its third-party partners and vendors take appropriate security measures
        to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the information collected by us.
5. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to information practices. We will provide notice to you if these changes
        are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent.
6. Contact Us
If you have questions or comments regarding how Bubble Pirates protects your information or this Privacy Policy, please contact
        us at:bubble@ae-mobile.com