Privacy policy
meli
mots
Privacy policy
Melimots fully respects the user's privacy and never collects information that could be directly linked to the user.
Melimots also displays advertisements.
This is all governed by the following Privacy policy:
PLEASE NOTE THAT BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING ANY MELIMOTS MOBILE APPLICATION, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS OUR APPLICATIONS.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently.
Your continued use of our applications will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Advertising
Some of our Apps and Games may show ads.
For more information about personalized ads check this link:
Google support about Ads
.
Anonymous Data
Advertisers who provide adverts to our mobile applications may access your unique device identifier and use this to target messages to you.
Melimots may collect and use anonymous data. We cannot identify you from this data.
Melimots may use the collected data in order to analyze how our applications are used, and use the information to develop and manage our applications.
Melimots reserves the right to use the collected anonymous data ourselves or disclose it to our partners.
Melimots may use the service provided by Google Analytics and Google Firebase. These are analysis services provided by Google Inc. ("Google").
Google uses the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data.
Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that certain third parties, including but not limited to application stores, may be needed in order for you to access our mobile applications.
These third parties have their own privacy policies which Melimots cannot control.
You agree that Melimots is not liable for their use of your personal information.
Links to Third Party sites
Our mobile applications are supported by advertisements, which provide access to third party sites or games.
If you use any of these links you will leave our app and the page you go to will not be governed by our privacy policy.
We cannot be responsible for the privacy of any information you provide whilst outside of our app.
We currently work with the following advertising networks and analytics companies:
Google Admob (
Privacy Policy
)
Google Analytics (
Privacy Policy
)
Firebase (
Privacy Policy
)
Please refer to the privacy policies of these companies for information about their privacy practices.
Lire en français
contact
conditions d'utilisation
partenaires
sudoku gratuit
jeux en html5
convertisseur
© 2023 melimots.com