Playvalve - Addictively fun casual games ready to play
Games
Careers
About
Contact
PRIVACY POLICY
1. WHO ARE WE?
Holder:
Playvalve S.L.
Registered office:
Carrer Aragó 383 10, Barcelona 08013, Spain
Tax identification number:
B67255703
Contact E-mail:
contact@playvalve.com
DPO:
ECIJA Legal & Compliance. Torre de Cristal, Paseo de la Castellana, 259C, 28046 Madrid
DPO E-mail:
dpo@playvalve.com
2. OUR PHILOSOPHY
In response to our concern about guaranteeing the security and confidentiality of your personal data, we have adopted all 
        reasonable security measures to protect your information from third parties. We want you to carefully read our privacy policy 
        to ensure that you are fully informed. Having said that, if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
By visiting our website, using our services, or enjoying our games, you give your consent and authorize us to carry 
        out the processing of your personal data for the purposes described below.
3. FOR WHAT PURPOSES DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
The collecting of your personal data is performed solely and exclusively for the following specific purposes:
To create statistical reports with respect to the habits of access and the activity of the users of the game.
To provide you access to our services and content
To resolve queries and suggestions
To comply with legal obligations
Please, note that this privacy policy is subject to change from time to time. We recommend you check it on a regular basis, 
        so that you are always aware of the information we process.
4. WHY DO WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Whenever we process your personal data for the aforementioned purposes, we will need a legal ground.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) mentions several legal grounds for the lawfulness of processing personal data. A lawful basis for processing personal data consists of at least one of these 5 legal grounds and can vary per personal data processing activity and purpose.
The legal ground for the supply of our services, as the games provided, is your informed consent. So, you need to carefully read our privacy policy and accept it before using any of our products.
Furthermore, our legal ground for elaborating statistical reports is our legitimate interest.
Finally, we could process personal data on the grounds of a legal obligation.
5. PERSONAL DATA WE MIGHT COLLECT AND PROCESS
If you access one of our mobile apps we might collect and process the following data:
Apple, Amazon, or Google User ID
Specific user behaviour characteristics
Preferences including advertising preferences
Technical device data, device and website usage data.
the name you have associated with your device
your country
your specific geolocation
information about TDS and other third-party apps you have on your device
a TDS player ID number that is created by TDS and used to identify you
We will process this information in order to:
optimise your experience
secure your user data and personal data
improve our mobile apps
6. THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS
To provide you with our services we use the following third party providers:
Amazon
- Privacy Policy:
https://developer.amazon.com/support/legal/mobileads/terms-and-agreements
AdColony
- Privacy Policy: https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin
- Privacy Policy: https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Facebook
Audience Network - Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Firebase
- Privacy Policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Fyber
- Privacy Policy: https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Google AdSense
- Privacy Policy: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
IronSource
- Privacy Policy: http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
PubNative
- Privacy Policy: https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
Smaato
and their vendors - Privacy Policy: https://www.smaato.com/privacy/ For more information on the Smaato Vendors, please visit: http://advertisingconsent.eu/transparency-consent-framework-global-vendor-list/
Unity
Ads - Privacy Policy: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
We do our best to ensure these companies guarantee at least the same level of privacy protection as we provide.
Furthermore, we may be obliged to communicate personal data to third parties such as Public Authorities.
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Some of these entities are located outside the European Economic Area (EEA) (Iceland, Lichtenstein and Norwegian).
In the case of The United States entities, which are listed under the EU-US Privacy Shield, the transfer of personal data to 
        such entities by EU-based data controllers will be deemed adequate, without requiring the inclusion of additional safeguards, 
        such as the use of EU Standard Contractual Clauses which are normally necessary to guarantee an adequate data protection level 
        for international data transfers.
8. DEADLINE FOR THE STORAGE OF YOUR DATA
We shall store your personal data as long as it is deemed necessary and depending on the type of data with a maximum limit of 24 months
Furthermore, we have implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your information. For example, we use encryption technology to protect your personal data.
8. WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS AS THE DATA SUBJECT?
The user may, at any time and free of charge, exercise his or her rights, according with the GDPR. We will be pleased to answer your requests.
Can I ask about the specific personal data processed?
(Right of access)
Sure. Notwithstanding the data protection information provided above, you have the right to be told how we use your information and obtain access to your information.
Can I ask to erasure my personal data?
(Right to erasure)
You can modify your personal data if it is inaccurate.
Can I ask for Data portability, right?
(Right to data portability)
The GDPR introduces the right to data portability. Because of the nature of services, we offer, we think you will not need to use this right. Still, if you need to use it sometime, you can contact us and we will go into further detail on this matter.
CONTACT US
via:
DPO: dpo@playvalve.com
Our Offices: Carrer Arago 383 10, CP08012 Barcelona, España.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Most of our websites and games are not for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13. Children under 13 should not use these websites or games at any time. 
        If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from a child under 13, we will take reasonable measures to promptly remove that information from our records. Playvalve may also provide games which are intended for users of all ages.
Games
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Services
Address Playvalve S.L.: Carrer Aragó 383 Barcelona Spain | E-mail:
contact@playvalve.com
Address Playvalve S.R.L: Strada Doctor Iacob Felix 57 Bucharest Romania | E-mail:
contact@playvalve.com
Privacy — Terms | © 2019. Playvalve. All rights reserved.