Help Center
Join Netflix
Sign In
Help Center
Back to Help Home
Print
Netflix Games Supplementary Privacy Statement
The
Netflix Privacy Statement
explains our practices, including your choices, regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal information in
                connection with the Netflix service – including Netflix games.
This Netflix Games Supplementary Privacy Statement provides additional information specific to certain Netflix games that have functionalities such as multiplayer, chat, and/or Netflix game controller functionality. This Netflix Games Supplementary
                Privacy Statement should be read in conjunction with the Netflix Privacy Statement, which describes our general information collection and privacy practices. References to “Netflix games” in the Netflix Privacy Statement and this “Netflix
                Games Supplementary Privacy Statement” include games made available as part of the Netflix service (but not any games or applications that link to a different privacy statement).
Collection of Information
In addition to what is described in the Netflix Privacy Statement, we may also receive and store information about you from Netflix games such as the following (please note that the game features referenced are only available in certain games):
Information you provide to us:
We collect information you provide to us which includes:
your friend or team list selections within Netflix games; and
contents of messages when you use chat or other interactive features.
Information we collect automatically:
We collect information about you and your use of Netflix games including:
when you use Netflix game controller functionality to connect to a Netflix game (such as a “Netflix game on TV”), we receive information about the app, device, and the Netflix account (if you are logged in) on which the Netflix
                                game controller is running, and the gameplay information is linked to the Netflix account on which the game is running;
information that may be made available to us by the platforms and app stores from which Netflix games are made available for download.
Use of Information
In addition to what is described in the Netflix Privacy Statement, we also use information for purposes including the following (please note that the game features referenced are only available in certain games):
When you use features that enable you to find or interact with other players in Netflix games, we use your information and the information you provide about others to enable those features;
To help maintain the safety and security of our services and users, Netflix may monitor and record message content within Netflix games to identify and prevent harmful behavior, security risks, and other violations of our
Terms of Use
or
Community Guidelines
. As described in the Netflix Privacy Statement, we use Service Providers to perform services on our behalf including providing certain
                        Netflix games and/or game features, which may include providing chat, moderation, and related functions.
Disclosure of Information
In addition to what is described in the Netflix Privacy Statement regarding disclosure of your information, certain information such as your Netflix game handle, gameplay, and chat messages may be publicly available to other players when you
                participate in a Netflix game with features such as multiplayer or chat. In addition, please note that game information is available to individuals with access to your Netflix account (for example, progress, achievements, leaderboard stats,
                multiplayer info, and chat history).
In addition to what is described in the Netflix Privacy Statement regarding disclosure of your information for the “Protection of Netflix and others,” Netflix and its Service Providers may access, preserve, and disclose your information in
                response to legal requests from third parties, including government agencies and civil litigants. We respond to legal requests where we have a good faith belief that we are required by law to respond, or where we have a good faith belief
                that a response is required by law in that jurisdiction and the request is consistent with internationally recognized standards such as the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Minors
Netflix is a general audience platform, and you must be 18 to become a Netflix member. We do not have actual knowledge of the age of our users;  however, to the extent aspects of the Netflix platform may be considered directed to minors, we
                comply with applicable law.
Changes to This Netflix Games Supplementary Privacy Statement
We will update this Netflix Games Privacy Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will provide notice of any such changes (including when they will take effect) in accordance with
                law. Your continued use of the Netflix service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and (as applicable) acceptance of those changes. If you do not wish to acknowledge or accept any updates to this Netflix
                Games Privacy Statement, you may cancel your use of the Netflix service. To see when this Netflix Games Supplementary Privacy Statement was last updated, please see the "Last Updated" section below.
Last Updated:
October 13, 2023
Bahasa Indonesia
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk Bokmål
Polski
Português
Română
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Русский
Українська
עברית
العربية
हिन्दी
ไทย
中文
日本語
한국어
Terms of Use
Privacy
Cookie Preferences
Corporate Information