TeachersParadise.com Privacy Policy - TeachersParadise
Skip to content
Products search
Account
Help
Menu
Home
Cart
STORE
Shop By Category
Active Play
Arts & Crafts
Audio/Visual
Bulletin Board Sets
Mini Bulletin Board Sets
Charts
Children's Books
Classroom Decorations
Classroom Technology
Creative Play
Critical Thinking
Early Childhood
Furniture & Equipment
Games
Gift Cards
Home School Materials
Incentives & Motivators
Interactive Whiteboard
Math
Multilingual
Multimedia
Music
Paper
Physical Education
Posters
Puzzles
Reading/Language Arts
School & Office Supplies
Science
Social Studies
Special Needs
Teacher Aids
Teacher Resources
Test Prep
Shop All Categories
School Supplies
Subjects
Décor
Themes
Worksheets
Educational Brands
Teacher Created Resources
TREND
Eureka®
Carson Dellosa Education
Ashley Productions®
Creative Teaching Press®
View all educational brands
Studios
0
Apps
Support Desk
Products search
Home
Help and Customer Service
TeachersParadise.com Privacy Policy
TeachersParadise.com Privacy Policy
TeachersParadise.com, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: TeachersParadise.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites. TeachersParadise.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address), unique identifiers and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The customer’s contact information is NOT shared with other companies. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
WHAT'S NEW
Exploring the Top Teacher Movies of All Time
The Best Teacher Planner: A Comprehensive Guide
Attendance Chart for the Classroom
MORE FREE WORKSHEETS
100 Pennies, Will They Float? Science Experiment Activity by Frog Street Press
101 Circle Time Activities by School Specialty Publishing – SSP0742430472s
15 Easy & Irresistible Math Mini-Books by Scholastic SC-0439216125-921612
1950s Six Songs For A Quarter – Historical Moments in Music and Art – GGA537
20 Week-by-Week Word Family Learning Packets for Grades K–2 by Scholastic SC-0439929237-992923
DOWNLOAD OUR
MOBILE APPS
Apple App Store (iPhone & iPad)
Google Playstore (Android)
Amazon Appstore (Android)
PAYING BY SCHOOL PURCHASE ORDER?
FAX School Purchase Orders
1-800-371-0579
All trademarks, copyrights & brands are the property of their respective owners.
Legal Notice
Site Map
© 1999-2024 TeachersParadise.com, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved