Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Fidget Toys Dev
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Fidget Toys Dev
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy.
Fidget Toys Dev And its Associates (“Fidget Toys Dev” or “we”) are dedicated to safeguarding the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you”). It also characterizes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access this information. We respect the privacy of our mobile applications and games users and we take protecting it seriously.
Collection of Information:
We may collect any Personal Information that you disclose when you choose to send a message to another user or defined group of users through our message, chat, post or other in-game function as well as the necessary Personal Information of the user(s) you are contacting, in order to facilitate the communication. (We will never collect any information sent outside of the functionality of our Websites/Apps, including through emails or text messages).
We may collect and use your Personal Information or Non-Personal Information such as a device ID when you decide to enable push notifications in order to send push notifications to your device.
We may collect information regarding your use of our software, applications and/or services, including information about the duration of your use, the features you use and your interactions with other users of the software, applications and/or services.
We will strictly comply with all relevant legal requirements and in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will overrule the provisions of this document. The privacy of your personal and non-personal information is afforded the highest level of importance by Fidget Toys Dev
If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States or other countries, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Websites.
We may collect information regarding the device you use to access the software, applications and/or services, including (where applicable) its model, operating system, screen resolution and other technical information.
Third party advertising solutions providers:
We show third party advertisements (Admob, Chartboost, kidoz, super sonic, etc.) within our apps. These ads and services are not under the control of Fidget Toys Dev who is therefore, not responsible for the availability or content of such external sites or services.
Use and Disclosure of Information:
We may collect your Non-Personal information to track your use of our Websites/Apps to help us learn more about your gaming activities and understand your priorities and inclinations so that we can personalize your experience, provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailor-made to you, and otherwise enhance your gaming experience. Non-Personal Information may be used by us for administrative, analytical, statistics compilation, research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use your Non-Personal Information to respond to customer service investigations and to protect against cheating, crime or fraud or for other security reasons and for providing you advertising that better suits your interests.
We will not use or disclose personal information about you otherwise than for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you, for any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, for any other purpose authorized by law, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorized by you. This may include disclosures to organizations that provide us with professional advice, such as solicitors, accountants and business advisors.
Below are provider names of some of the third party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers;
-Firebase: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
-Super Sonic: https://www.supersonic.com/privacy-policy/
-Kidoz: http://kidoz.net/privacy-policy/
-Game Analytics: http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy
-Admob: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
-Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
- Ogury: http://www.ogury.com/privacy/
- ConsoliAds: http://web.consoliads.com/privacy-policy/
-Leadbolt: https://www.leadboltnetwork.net/p/legal/privacy
- Adcolony: https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
-ironsource: https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
-inmobi: https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
For better user experience, we may get the following information
App Usage Data and User Behavior
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
Security
Your public information if social media is used in the app.
Links to other websites
Sharing of information
Furthermore, if you have given your consent in accordance with Section 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, we share your advertising ID to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within the App. We use or may use the advertising network companies.
To provide news and information about the App we think will be of interest to you;
k.to link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Google Checkout:
If you choose to use Google Checkout to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to Google Checkout. Google’s Privacy Policy will apply to the information you provide to the Google Checkout web site.
Same procedure is for windows AppStore, Amazon and Apple Store.
Advertising
Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising attributes may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests. Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be able to choose to prevent your device’s ad By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. identifier being used for interest-based advertising or reset your device’s ad identifier by changing the settings of your device.
Transfer of Information Overseas
The right to object
You have the full fledge right to object to our refinement of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of-interest rule. In this case, we will give up the processing unless there are compelling legitimize grounds for the processing which revoke your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Use of information – purpose and legal basis
Below are provider names of some of the third-party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about their privacy policy.
We use information about you for the following purposes in accordance with the legal bases for each type of personal data as described below:
Age -is being processed:
To identify whether you are a child or adult for data protection purposes to determine the legal requirements for our processing of your data.
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for compliance purposes, see Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.
Log-, device-, usage-, and consumption information
-are being processed:
To provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information as requested by you / as agreed with you;
To provide and maintain the App and the game experience; and
To send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
To personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features;
To monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the App; and
To provide children (as this term is construed under GDPR in EU, COPPA in the US and relevant applicable legislation in other jurisdictions) with reasonable contextual advertisements in the App.
To provide non-child users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified under Sharing of Information) for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in the App (behavioral advertising).
The right to restriction
You have the right to obtain restriction of processing in certain circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR. If you have the right to restriction, we will only process your data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim or to protect a person or important grounds of public interest.
The right to withdraw consent
Please note that if you withdraw your consent, your user license to use the App will cease automatically.
Name: Fidget Toys Dev
Contact: fidgettoysdev@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Unknown
February 17, 2022 at 4:49 AM
Plz get.Ur account no to pay the tuition fee
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Saeed
June 20, 2022 at 4:30 AM
Saeed
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Saeed
June 20, 2022 at 4:31 AM
Google
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Fidget Toys Dev
Visit profile
Report Abuse