Zamsolutions
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Zamsolutions
Zamsolutions Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AND DATA POLICY
ISSUED BY ZAMSOLUTIONS
Last Updated: February 2022
INTRODUCTION AND GENERAL TERMS
These terms apply to the use of games, apps and other products developed by
Zamsolutions
(
‘we’
/
‘us’
).
This privacy and data policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) applies and has effect in respect of all games or apps, related online services (including online network play connectivity and interactivity) and other software and products made available by us, as well as any other online features relating to the Games or Apps including our website (the “
Website
”). Together the Games or Apps, and Website are referred to as the “
Online Services
”.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
zamsol1017@gmail.com
This privacy policy sets out how
Zamsolutions
uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website/application.
Welcome to the world of mobile games and mobile apps provided by
Zamsolutions
, its affiliates, and its subsidiaries (collectively "us","our","we").
Zamsolutions
is committed to protecting your privacy.
Zamsolutions
owns, operates, or provides access to several interactive games and applications of mobile and services. This Privacy Policy describes among other things, the types of information collected about you when you visit our games, how your information may be used, and when it may be disclosed, how you can control the use and disclosure of your information, and how your information is protected. Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at
Zamsolutions
. We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information, including contact information, collected about you by the
Zamsolutions
. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully.
Information Collected and How We Use It
Information you provide directly to
Zamsolutions
. You are not required to provide information about yourself when you download an app from
Zamsolutions
. Our games may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services, access various content or features, or directly contact the Services including:
Contact information such as name, email address, age.
Our primary goals in collecting and using information are to provide and improve the Service, to administer and assist you in administering your Account on the Service, and to provide you with a better experience with the Service.
In limited circumstances, payment and identity verification information, such as credit card number where needed for payment, to complete a particular transaction, or to access a particular service (e.g., in-app purchases)
Information we collect automatically on
Zamsolutions
including:
Your device type and settings, software used and browser type and operating system
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area
Web pages and advertisements, you view and links you click on within Zamsolutions
Unique identifiers and connection information, including mobile device identification numbers (e.g. Apple's Identifier for Advertising IP (IDFA) or Google's Android Advertising ID (AAID)) and internet connection means (e.g. mobile operator, ISP, Wi-Fi connection) that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies such as Standard server log information.
Third Party Advertisements
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on the service. We do not provide any personal information to third-party advertising companies on a non-aggregate basis. Our system and the third-party advertising technology may use aggregate information, non-personal information,
Zamsolutions
cookies on your hard drive, and your use of the Service to target advertisements. In addition, advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on other sites. If advertisements are served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your device. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called ï¿½clear gifsï¿½ or ï¿½beaconsï¿½) to help manage and optimize online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser cookie when a browser visits the site on which is beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
You’re Rights
We take reasonable steps to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we do not guarantee its absolute security.
Protection of Information
We are committed to protecting your information. We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Privacy Protections for Children
Our game services are not intended for children. Our games are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. We may ask for your age to ensure that we are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken when information has been collected from children under 13. In those instances where a
Zamsolutions
service has actual knowledge that it collects information from children or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws, it will comply with those laws.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the last modified date and such changes will be effective upon posting. This policy is effective from 16-Feb-22.
Contact & Complaints
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time. You may also submit questions or comments using the email address listed below.
zamsol1017@gmail.com
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse