Lydia
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Lydia
Privacy Policy
Lydia collects information from user’s phone to provide better service and user experience. Your privacy is our top priority, and the Privacy Policy explains how and why we collect data.
We give high priority to your private information, and this privacy policy will explain why and what we collect, and how we use the information we collected. Please read carefully and understand the terms of this privacy policy (hereinafter, the “Policy”). To know this Policy is important for you, your use of our products or services shall be regarded as your acknowledgment and acceptance of this Policy.
We collect information to provide you with better service and a more satisfying user experience. Below we explained how and what we collect, it includes: (1) the information you provide for us, such as the information you filled with when you registered the account; (2) the information we obtained from your use of our products or services, for example, we collect through the advertising or videos you watched. Further, according to the different characteristic of each product, we may collect different information from your use of services, for example, your device information, browser type, location information, and other data that can be obtained through your use of browser, cookie, etc. We collect this information to continuously improve our services, and may provide you with content recommendation services, such as, recommendation of news, advertisings and other content that you are interested in.
This "Privacy Policy" utilizes certain professional terms; we will try to explain things as concisely as possible, so that you may understand completely.
The collection and use of information
We collect and store relevant personal information in order to optimize services and provide a better user experience.
The information we collect, including but not limited：
Any geographical locations, system languages, device model and type, or operating system versions while you are interacting with our services using any mobile devices. This information will help us learn more about you, in order to optimize services and provide a better user experience.
Any records, including statistical information, key operation paths, error logs, crash logs, etc. you encounter while using our products. This will help us to get a better understanding of the status of our products, in order to improve our services, further optimize user experience and provide higher quality products.
Personal Information:
We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products.
We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
Non- Personal Information:
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information.
Policy Updates
When there is an update on the Privacy Policy, we will display the update date at the top of the Policy in an obvious position. We recommend that you carefully check the updated content every time; when you continue to use our products or services, we shall always assume that you agree to the terms and conditions that are effective at the most present time.
Any questions, please contact: mabelbairdadelaidelopez@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse