GamesLogics Studios - Privacy Policy for Fire 3D Ball & Hit Stack Tower
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
GamesLogics Studios
Privacy Policy for Fire 3D Ball & Hit Stack Tower
Privacy Policy for GamesLogics Studio
Effective date: October 16, 2019
GamesLogics Studio: We operate the “GamesLogics Studio” mobile applications.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Services and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Services, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Services to you which may include but not limited to:
Personal Data
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify your Personal Data. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
IP address, Location, Country code Advertising IDs, Mobile Language, Location (specific location where a given language is spoken) Device Network status (Wi-Fi, Bluetooth etc.), browser plug-in types and versions etc. Platform, SDK's version, User agent string (UA), timestamp All installed apps, Technical information of Device (for example device name and model, operating system and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, Internet service provider, firmware, software, mobile phone carrier, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) on Android, Android ID, Android Serial No and API key identifier for application) etc. more of them include the following.
Read phone state:
“GamesLogics Studio” services allow this permission to just identify the current status of your smartphone or tablet. Is your device (mobile) power is on or off and your phone is on silent mode or louder.
Access Location:
“GamesLogics Studio” is working in different apps related to map, recording and find kids, family and friends. For use these apps it may be require your current location, your location will not be shared to any third party without your permission.
Access media:
The purpose of allowing this permission is not to collect or asses your private media data like photos or videos. It’s just for improvement of app graphic and save these graphics to your device and access easily when you play again. Or read the content of your external storage (USB or SD card).
Access Contacts:
We are also working on many android apps some of them are must allow you to access your contacts state. It doesn’t means we are using or sharing your private contacts. This permission is necessary for use of this app to keep record in your device.
Device information:
We collect device-specific information for the accurate performance of apps like the wireless network, operating system version, unique application identifiers, hardware model, unique device identifiers, browser type, language, advertising identifier and mobile network information (including the mobile phone number).
Camera and photos:
Some of our apps photos editing, video editing, wallpapers and designing require the photo or media permission to save edited photos to your phone gallery. We just allow this permission to make apps user friendly, and also we don’t access your private pictures or videos. We know media data has privacy of users so no one can share this data with anyone.
Wake Lock:
We add this permission in our apps for wake your mobile screen. With this permission you can easily use those apps which don’t require mobile screen without touch on screen for wake screen. Your mobile battery will be consumed but you will feel yourself very easy with this permission.
Ads Policy:
Users may find third party advertising on our apps during the usage of our app that link to the other apps, sites, games, and services of advertisers. We do not control the content or links of ads that appear on them in our apps during the usage and we are not responsible for the practices employed by linked to or from our Services. In addition, these ads can change their content and links. This advertisement may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies.
1) Displaying Advertisements:
Displaying advertisements in our Apps of third party and showing advertisements for other publishers’ apps in our Apps.
2) Cross-promotion:
Cross Promoting our Apps and services, meaning we promote our other Apps while you are playing a different of our Apps.
Transfer of Information Overseas:
You expressly agree that we may collect your all information personal & non-personal and store on servers & transfer equipment located in any territory, including, without any limitation, Australia, Canada and the United States of America etc.
Read and disconnect from Wi-Fi
This Permission is used for in-mobile setting and shows the notification in toolbar that your Wi-Fi is connected or disconnect.
Full network access
Full network access permission is used for receiving certain launcher update notifications for the apps.
Access Bluetooth & Wi-Fi connections
This permission is used in settings, in order to check On or Off status of Bluetooth, and similarly used for the Wi-Fi connection.
Close other apps
This permission is compulsory and is used to close the running application in the back-end apps and help to make the phone run faster.
Retrieve running apps
This permission is compulsory and is used to check the running application in the back-end of mobile
Draw over other apps
This permission is used to easily swipe the tab for displaying the other apps
Measure app storage space:
This permission is mandatory and used to maintain the device storage space to install & run the application.
Modify Device settings:
This permission is used to change device settings for accurate performance of apps, and adjust ringtone volume, vibration and brightness level of the home screen.
Read device settings and shortcuts:
This permission is used to get device home setting and shortcut to maintain the app's performance.
Read phone state:
“GamesLogics Studio” services allow this permission to just identify the current status of your smartphone or tablet. Is your device power being on or off and your smartphone issue on silent mode or louder?
Access Location GPS:
“GamesLogics Studio” is working in different apps related to maps, recording and finding kids, family and friends. To use these apps, it may require your current location by switching on GPS service, your location will not be shared to any third party without your permission.
Access media:
The purpose to allow this permission is not to collect or access your private media data like photos or videos. It’s just for improvement of app graphics and save these graphics to your device and access easily when you play again. Or read the content of your external storage (USB or SD card).
Access Contacts:
We are also working on many android apps some of them are must allow you to access your contacts state. It doesn’t means we are using or sharing your private contacts. This permission is necessary for use of this app to keep record in your device.
Children's Privacy
We feel under a particular obligation to protect information obtained from young children. We would strongly urge parents to instruct their children never to disclose their real name, their address or their telephone number while they are on-line without prior permission. “GamesLogics Studio” does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16, and children less than 16 years old are prohibited from using our services.
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our "Service Providers", to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related tasks or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
Innovative is committed to user privacy globally, and personal information under users' control and minimal collection of data are our existing practices. According to the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union (EU), we collect and process the data in a specific manner of users in EU outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "16, October 2019" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
Email: glogics.info@gmail.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse