Privacy Policy - Megarama Games
Megarama Games
Careers
Contact
Cookie policy (EU)
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Text
Recruitment FAQs
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: October 23, 2021
We at Megarama Games Ltd. (the “
Megarama
”, “
Company
,” “
We
,”
Us,
” or “
Our
”) are committed to securing your Personal Data and your privacy.
This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you about how We manage, collect, stores and uses the information you provide in connection with any Megarama website, game or application (“
Products
”).
We will uphold the following principles:
To be transparent in respect of the collection and processing of Personal Data about you:
It is important to Us that you have at all times all the information required for you to make educated decisions about the processing of Personal Data about you. For this purpose, We will make use of various techniques and measures aimed to provide you with relevant information about the processing of Personal Data about you, in the proper manner and timing.
In addition, if We find you are required to be provided with specific information, We will provide it to you in the appropriate time and place.
We are also happy to answer any questions you may have and to provide you with any clarification you require, subject to legal limitations. For this purpose, you can approach Us by sending an email to the following address:
[email protected]
To process Personal Data about you solely for the purposes outlined in the Policy:
The purposes for which We may process Personal Data about you include, inter alia, to provide you with Our Products as requested by you, to enhance the user experience in Our Products, to improve Our Products and services, to protect Our rights and interests, to perform business and administrative activity that supports the provision of Our Products and services to Our users, and/or to uphold any legal and/or regulatory requirements.
In addition, We will process Personal Data about you in order to understand your personal needs and preferences.
To invest significant resources in order to respect your rights in connection with Personal Data about you:
We apply significant resources to allow you to exercise your rights as a data subject. Therefore, you may approach Us any time you wish to review Personal Data about you, have Us amend it, erase it, cease using it for specific purposes or in general, or transfer it to you or to a third party. We will fulfill your wishes in accordance with the law.
To secure Personal Data about you:
While We cannot promise absolute protection of the Personal Data about you, We can promise that We use and will continue to use a wide array of means and measures aimed at ensuring the Personal Data about you is secured.
Our Complete Privacy Policy
1. The Scope?
This Policy describes what kind of Personal Data the Company collects about natural persons, and how it collects it, uses it, shares it with third parties, secures it, processes it, etc.
In this Policy, “Personal Data” refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or in combination with additional information that We have or that We have access to.
In this Policy, the “processing” of Personal Data refers to any operation or set of operations performed on Personal Data, including the collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure, or destruction of Personal Data.
Our Products are intended for general audience and are not directed at children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to access our Products. If We learn that information about a child was collected, We will take reasonable steps to delete such information as soon as possible).
2. When Do We Collect Personal Data About You?
We collect Personal Data about you whenever you use Our Products, use Our service channels, use the Website and/or contact Us. In some instances, you will actively provide Us with the Personal Data, and in other instances, We will collect the Personal Data about you by examining and analyzing your use of Our Products and/or Our service channels.
3. No Obligation To Provide Personal Data To The Company And Its Implications
You are not obligated to provide Us with any Personal Data about you. However, in some instances, not providing such Personal Data will prevent Us from providing you with the products or services you requested Us to provide you, will prevent your use of the Website and the Products, and/or will cause the malfunctioning of Our Products and services.
4. What Personal Data About You Do We Collect?
Personal Data We collect upon
activation of your Product account (if activated) the following information you provide us:  name; emails address; if you use your Facebook account to setup your account – Your profile picture; or any other relevant information included in your application, social network or other online profile.
Personal Data We collect during your use of the Products
: Your mobile device’s identifier for advertisers (IDFA); Your social network or third party service user identification number, if you share that with Us; certain technical information about your device, your usage patterns on the Platform (including usage times and types of use you are making) and other data generated during your use of the Product and associated with your user ID.
Personal Data We collect when you perform in-app purchases
: When you perform an in-app purchase We collect transaction identifiers for such. Your means of payment information is stored with the third party payment service and not shared with US.
Personal Data We receive from you
: any Personal Data you provide to Us of your own free will when contacting Us. We may record and/or document in writing your calls.
Personal Data We collect upon each browse of the Website
: interests, user behavior, device info, operating system info, and device ID.
5. The Purposes Of The Processing Of Personal Data And Their Legal Basis
The Company processes your Personal Data for one or more of the purposes outlined in this section and according to the appropriate legal basis.
The Company will not process Personal Data about you unless there is a legal basis for such processing. The legal bases according to which the Company may process Personal Data about you are as follows:
a. Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
. This refers to all the information required for us to operate our Products and grant you access thereto.
b. Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company or by a third party
. By way of example, for the purpose of improving Our campaign management tool, or for the exercise or defense of legal claims.
At any time, you may approach Us by sending a notice to the email address
[email protected]
, in order to receive information concerning the review performed by Us. This is so you can conclude that We may process the Personal Data about you on account of such processing being necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company or by a third party.
The following list outlines the purposes for which We may process Personal Data about you and the legal basis for any such processing:
Purpose
Legal Basis
1
In Order To Register You With Our Services And Products
Upon Your Request To Open A User Account And Register To Use The Products, We Will Process Personal Data About You In Order To Allow Us To Perform Such Request.
We process your name; emails address; if you use your Facebook account to set up your account – Your profile picture; or any other relevant information included in your application, social network or other online profile
Processing Is Necessary For The Performance Of A Contract To Which You Are Party Or In Order To Take Steps At Your Request Prior To Entering Into A Contract.
2
In Order To Contact You For The Purpose Of Operational Requirements
In Some Circumstances, We Will Contact You In Order To Update You In Respect Of Certain Operational Matters—For Instance, If We Are Wish To Update You Of New Product Features. In These Circumstances, We Will Need To Use Personal Data About You Accordingly.
We will process your email, your mobile device’s identifier for advertisers (IDFA); your social network or third party service user identification number, based on the specific need that arises
Processing Is Necessary For The Performance Of A Contract To Which You Are Party Or In Order To Take Steps At Your Request Prior To Entering Into A Contract. Processing Is Necessary For Compliance With A Legal Obligation To Which The Company Is Subject.
3
In Order To Respond To Your Queries, Requests, And/Or Complaints
Processing Of Personal Data About You Is Required In Order To Respond To Queries You Have Concerning Your Use Of The Product.
We will process the information you provide us in your query or request and any information collected by us that related to the query or request
Processing Is Necessary For The Purpose Of The Legitimate Interests Pursued By The Company Or By A Third Party.
4
In Order To Comply With Any Legal Obligations Or Judicial Or Administrative Orders
We Process Personal Data About You In Order To Comply With Our Various Legal Obligations.
We will process all Personal Data collected required to comply with the legal obligation.
Processing Is Necessary For Compliance With A Legal Obligation To Which The Company Is Subject.
5
In Order To Improve Our Products And Services
We May Use Personal Data About You In Order To Improve Our Products And Services. Such Processing Will Include, Inter Alia, Any Comments And Complaints Received In Respect Of Our Products And Services, As Well As Any Errors And Malfunctions.
We will process Personal Data collected related to interests, user behavior, device info, operating system info, and device ID, usage patterns on the Platform (including usage times and types of use you are making) and other data generated during your use of the Product and associated with your user ID.
Processing Is Necessary For The Purpose Of The Legitimate Interests Pursued By The Company Or By A Third Party.
6
In Order To Prevent Fraud, Abusive Use Of Our Products And Services
We will process all Personal Data collected for this purpose
Processing Is Necessary For The Purpose Of The Legitimate Interests Pursued By The Company Or By A Third Party. Processing Is Necessary For Compliance With A Legal Obligation To Which The Company Is Subject.
7
In Order To Perform And Maintain Various Activities Supporting Products And Services
Such Activities Include Back-Office Functions, Business Development Activities, Strategic Decision-Making, Oversight Mechanisms, Etc.
We will process all Personal Data collected for this purpose
Processing Is Necessary For The Purpose Of The Legitimate Interests Pursued By The Company Or By A Third Party.
8
In Order To Perform Analysis, Including Statistical Analysis
We Use Various Analytical Measures (Including Statistical Ones) To Make Decisions On Various Issues.
Processing Is Necessary For The Purpose Of The Legitimate Interests Pursued By The Company Or By A Third Party.
9
In Order To Protect Our And Third Parties’ Interests, Rights, And Assets, Including Initiation, Exercise, Or Defense Of Legal Claims
We May Process Personal Data About You In Order To Protect Our Interests, Rights, And Assets, Or Those Of Third Parties, According To Any Law, Regulation, Or Agreement, Including Any Of Our Terms And Conditions And Policies.
Processing Is Necessary For The Purpose Of The Legitimate Interests Pursued By The Company Or By A Third Party.
6. Transfer Of Personal Data To Third Parties
The Company may also share Personal Data about you with third parties that provide Us with the following services:
Storage and hosting providers, including cloud computing services;
IP address information;
Analysis of user experience;
Support;
Marketing;
CRM data management;
Digital signing;
Accounting and legal services; and
Research, analytical, technical, and diagnostic services.
The Company may also share Personal Data about you with its related entities and business partners, which provide it with resources that enable the Company to enrich and improve the level of services and products it provides to its users.
The Company may share Personal Data about you with governmental, local, official, and regulatory authorities, as well as if such disclosure is required to protect Our and third parties’ interests, rights, and assets, including initiation, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
In addition, We may disclose Personal Data about you to potential purchasers or investors of, or lenders to, the Company and/or any company within the group of companies of which the Company is a part, or in the event of any similar transaction (including the sale of assets of the Company and/or of any company within the group of companies of which the Company is a part), and/or in connection with any merger, reorganization, consolidation, or bankruptcy of the Company and/or any company within the group of companies of which the Company is a part.
7. Cookies and Third Party Services
We use certain third party services, such as analytics companies or companies delivering advertisements in our Products, which may also use cookies or other technologies, and those practices and providers are subject to their own policies.
Cookie (which is a small text file) is installed on the device via which you visit or access the Website. The cookies allow Us to collect information about you and your behavior, in order to improve your user experience, to remember your preferences and settings, and to customize and offer you products and services that may interest you. Cookies are also used to collect statistics and perform analytics.
Some of the cookies We use are session cookies, which are downloaded temporarily to your device and last until you close your web browser, while others are persistent cookies, which last on your device after you cease browsing the Website and are used to help the Website remember you as a returning visitor when you return to the Website.
Types of cookies:
The cookies We use have been classified according to their functionality, as follows:
Type Of Cookie
Purpose
Additional Information
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These Cookies Are Strictly Necessary To Enable You To Navigate The Website And Use Features You Have Requested. They Are Used To Provide You With Our Content, Products, And Services That You Have Requested. Such Cookies Are Essential To Help Your Device Download Or Stream Information So That You Can Navigate Around The Website, Use Its Features, And Return To Pages You Have Previously Visited.
These Cookies Collect Personal Data About You, Such As User Name And Last Login Date, And Identify You As Being Logged In To The Website. These Cookies Are Deleted When You Close Your Web Browser (Session Cookies).
Functionality Cookies
These Cookies Are Used To Recognize You When You Return To The Website And Allow Us To Remember Your Choices And Preferences.
These Cookies Survive The Closing Of Your Web Browser, And Last Until Their Applicable Expiry Time.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies Are Used To Provide Aggregated Statistics In Respect Of The Performance Of The Website And To Test And Improve Such Performance, In Order To Provide Better User Experience. In Addition, They Allow Us To Carry Out Analytical Functions On The Website.
These Cookies Collect Anonymized Data That Is Not Related To An Identified Or Identifiable Natural Person. These Cookies Are Valid For Varying Periods; Some Are Deleted Once You Close Your Browser, While Others Have An Indefinite Validity Period.
Third Party Marketing/Targeting Cookies
These Cookies Are Used To Deliver Ads And Marketing Communications, And To Display The Website In A Manner That Is More Relevant To You. They Are Also Used To Measure The Effectiveness Of An Advertising Campaign. These Cookies Record Your Visit To The Website And The Pages You Have Visited.
Some Of These Cookies Are Provided And Used By Third Parties. These Cookies Are Valid For Varying Periods; Some Are Deleted Once You Close Your Browser, While Others Have An Indefinite Validity Period.
The Cookies incorporated in our Products are as follows:
Third Party
Name
Retention
Type
Function
CloudFlare For More Information, Please Read The
CloudFlare Privacy Policy
Cfduid
30 Days
Functional
Identify Trusted Web Traffic
WordFence For More Information, Please Read The
WordFence Privacy Policy
Wfwaf-Authcookie-*
12 Hours
Functional
Determine If The User Is Logged In
Wf-Scan-Issue-Expanded-*
Elementor
Persistent
Store Performed Actions On The Website
Google Fonts For More Information Please Read The
Google Fonts Privacy Policy
None
Request User IP Address Display Of Webfonts
YouTube For More Information, Please Read The
YouTube Privacy Policy
GPS
Session
Store Location Data
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
6 Months
Functional
Estimate Bandwidth
YSC
Session
Store A Unique User ID
Facebook For More Information, Please Read The
Facebook Privacy Policy
Actppresence
1 Year
Marketing/Tracking
Manage Ad Display Frequency
_fbc
2 Years
Marketing/Tracking
Stores Last Visit
Fbm*
1 Year
Marketing/Tracking
Store Account Details
Xs
3 Months
Marketing/Tracking
Store A Unique Session ID
Fr
3 Months
Marketing/Tracking
Enable Ad Delivery Or Retargeting
_fbp
3 Months
Marketing/Tracking
Track Visits Across Websites
Datr
2 Years
Marketing/Tracking
Provide Fraud Prevention
Sb
2 Years
Marketing/Tracking
Store Browser Details
*_fbm_
1 Year
Marketing/Tracking
Store Account Details
Wd
1 Week
Functional
Determine Screen Resolution
Act
90 Days
Functional
Keep Users Logged In
C_user
90 Days
Functional
Store A Unique User ID
Csm
90 Days
Functional
Provide Fraud Prevention
Presence
Session
Functional
Track If The Browser Tab Is Active
Other
Complianz_consent_status
365 Days
Complianz_policy_id
365 Days
Blocking and removal of cookies
You can change your browser settings to block and delete some or all cookies. Please see below links to instructions on how to do this in respect of some of the most popular web browsers:
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Google Chrome
Safari
Please note, however, that if you do so, some or all of the Website’s features and functionalities might not perform as intended.
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Products on your device. This software may record non personal information such as how often you use the Products, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
Our Products may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our Products to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. This Policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties.  The following are examples for third party analytics services we use: AppsFlyer, DeltaDNA, Firebase and Soomla, to help understand usage of the Products and effectiveness of our advertisements. For more information about the policies of these third parties, please see:.
AppsFlyer –
https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy/
DeltaDNA –
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy?gq=incorporated
Firebase –
https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
Soomla –
https://soomla.com/privacy-policy.html
The use of third party advertising services, allow us to offer our games for free. You may use third party tools, not supported by Us to opt-out of tailored advertising. This will not prevent the presentation of advertisements in our Products.
If you are interested in more information about tailored advertising and your choices to prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising you may visit the following websites:
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page for U.S.-based advertising
;
https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
the NAI
Consumer Opt-Out Page
–
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
Your Online Choices website for EU-based advertising
–
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
ONLINE TRACKING NOTICE
AT THIS TIME, THIS SERVICE DOES NOT SUPPORT DO-NOT-TRACK SIGNALS.
8. Retention Of Personal Data About You
The Company shall retain Personal Data about you for as long as is required to fulfill the purposes of the processing of the Personal Data as outlined in this Policy, or for a longer period as required according to the legislation, regulation, policies, and orders that apply to Us.
In order to ensure that Personal Data about you is not retained for longer than is required, We periodically review Personal Data retained by Us to examine whether any Personal Data can be erased.
9. Transfers Of Personal Data To A Third Country Or An International Organization
Personal Data about you may be transferred to a third country (i.e. jurisdictions other than the one you reside in) or to international organizations. In such circumstances, the Company shall take appropriate safeguards to ensure the protection of Personal Data about you and to provide that enforceable data subject rights and effective legal remedies for data subjects are available.
If you are an EEA resident, please note that these safeguards and protection will be available if any of the following are met:
The transfer is to a third country or an international organization that the EU Commission has decided provides an adequate level of protection to the Personal Data that is transferred to it pursuant to Article 45(3) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (“
GDPR
“), including any transfer in accordance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework;
The transfer is according to a legally binding and enforceable instrument between public authorities or bodies pursuant to Article 46(2)(a) of the GDPR; or
The transfer is in accordance with standard data protection clauses adopted by the EU Commission pursuant to Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR. The clauses adopted by the EU Commission can be viewed at
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en
.
You may request that the Company provide you with details concerning the safeguards employed by it to protect the Personal Data about you that are transferred to a third country or an international organization, by sending an email to the following address:
[email protected]
10. Protection Of Personal Data About You
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure an appropriate level of security to Personal Data, taking into account the risks that are presented by processing, in particular from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to Personal Data transmitted, stored, or otherwise processed.
We may be required, due to legal or other obligations outside Our control, to transfer Personal Data about you to third parties, such as public authorities. In such circumstances, We have limited control over the level of protection provided to the Personal Data about you by such third parties.
Any transfer of Personal Data via the internet cannot be fully secured. Therefore, the Company cannot ensure the protection of Personal Data about you when transferred via the internet to Us.
11. Links To Websites of Third Parties
The Product may provide links to websites and/or applications of third parties. The Company does not control such websites and applications, nor the collection and/or processing of Personal Data about you by such websites and applications, and We are not responsible for such websites and applications, nor for their privacy and data protection policies and activities. This Policy does not apply to any actions taken via such websites and/or applications.
Whenever you access such third parties’ websites and/or applications, We recommend that you carefully review their privacy policies prior to using such websites and/or applications and prior to disclosing any Personal Data about you.
12. Changes To This Policy
We may amend, from time to time, the terms of this Policy. Whenever We amend this Policy, We will notify you of such amendments by publishing the updated Policy on the Website and the Platform. In addition, when We make significant amendments to this Policy, We will strive to inform you about such amendments via means of communication We believe are reasonably appropriate to inform you of such amendments and by publishing a notice about such amendments on the Website and the Platform. Unless stated otherwise, all amendments will enter into force upon publication of the updated Policy on our website or the designated page in the Product.
13. Your Rights In Respect Of The Personal Data About You
Generally, you have the right to request that We provide you with confirm whether Personal Data about you is being collected by us, to ask to review such data, to rectify the content if applicable and to erase the Personal Data no longer required by Us. You may also restrict you consent to certain processing of your Personal Information.
If you are an EEA resident please read this section below:
You are entitled to the following rights in respect of the Personal Data about you. To exercise such rights, you may send a request to exercise your rights to the following email address:
[email protected]
Right of access
You have the right to receive from the Company confirmation as to whether or not Personal Data about you is being processed, and, if that is the case, access to the Personal Data and the following information: (1) the purposes of the processing; (2) the categories of Personal Data concerned; (3) the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the Personal Data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or international organizations; (4) if possible, the envisaged period for which the Personal Data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period; (5) the existence of the right to request from the Company rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing of Personal Data about you or to object to such processing; (6) the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; (7) if the Personal Data is not collected from you, any available information as to its source; (8) the existence of profiling; and (9) if Personal Data is transferred to a third country outside the EEA or to an international organization, the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
The Company shall provide a copy of the Personal Data undergoing processing and may charge a reasonable fee for any further copies requested by you. If you make the request by electronic means, and unless otherwise requested by you, the information shall be provided in a commonly used electronic form.
The right to obtain a copy of the Personal Data shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. Therefore, if the request harms the rights and freedoms of others, the Company may not fulfill your request or do so in a limited manner.
Right to rectification
You have the right to obtain from the Company the rectification of inaccurate Personal Data about you. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right for incomplete Personal Data about you to be completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to erasure
You have the right to obtain from the Company the erasure of Personal Data about you if one of the following grounds applies: (a) the Personal Data is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was collected or otherwise processed; (b) you withdraw your consent on which the processing is based and there is no other legal ground for the processing; (c) you object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data about you that is based on the legitimate interests pursued by Us or by a third party, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; (d) you object to the processing of Personal Data about you for direct marketing purposes; (e) the Personal Data has been unlawfully processed; or (f) the Personal Data about you has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in European Union or Member State law to which the Company is subject.
This right is not applicable to the extent that the processing is necessary (a) for compliance with a legal obligation that requires processing by European Union or Member State law to which the Company is subject; or (b) for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
Right of restriction of processing
You have the right to obtain from the Company the restriction of processing of Personal Data about you if one of the following applies: (a) the accuracy of the Personal Data is contested by you, for a period enabling the Company to verify the accuracy of the Personal Data about you; (b) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the Personal Data about you and request the restriction of its use instead; (c) the Company no longer needs the Personal Data about you for the purposes of processing, but the Personal Data is required by you for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; (d) if the processing of Personal Data about you is necessary for the purpose of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company or by a third party, unless We demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights, and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or (e) if the Personal Data about you is processed for direct marketing purposes, including profiling, to the extent it is related to such direct marketing.
If the processing of Personal Data about you has been restricted following your request, such Personal Data shall, with the exception of storage, only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or of a Member State.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the Personal Data about you, which you have provided to the Company, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, as well as the right to transmit such Personal Data to another controller, if (a) the processing is based on your consent or on a contract to which you are a party, and (b) the processing is carried out by automated means.
In exercising your right to data portability, you have the right for the Personal Data about you to be transmitted directly from the Company to another controller, where technically feasible. The exercise of your right to data portability is without prejudice to your and the Company’s rights under your right to erasure. In addition, the right to data portability shall not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to object
You have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of Personal Data about you that is based on the legitimate interests pursued by the Company or by a third party, including profiling based on such legitimate interests. In such case, We shall no longer process the Personal Data about you, unless We demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights, and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object at any time to the processing of Personal Data about you for direct marketing purposes, including profiling, to the extent it is related to such direct marketing.
Right to withdraw consent
You may withdraw your consent provided to Us for the purpose of processing Personal Data about you at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority established by a Member State to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of natural persons in relation to the processing of Personal Data within the European Union.
Your rights in respect of Personal Data about you as outlined in this section 9 may be restricted by European Union or Member State law to which the Company is subject.
We shall provide you with the information requested according to your rights outlined in this section 9 without undue delay and in any event within one month of receipt of the request. That period may be extended by two further months where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests. We shall inform you of any such extension within one month of receipt of your request, together with the reasons for the delay.
The information requested according to your rights outlined in this section 9 shall be provided free of charge, unless stated otherwise in this section 9. Where requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, We may either (a) charge a reasonable fee, taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested; or (b) refuse to act on the request.
The Company may require you to provide additional information necessary to confirm your identity in order to fulfill your request according to your rights outlined in this section 9, if We have reasonable doubts concerning the identity of the natural person making the request.
If you reside in California, please read below with respect to the
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
rights you have:
Right
Scope
1
Right To Know
You Have The Right To Receive The Following Information: What Types Of Personal Data Collected;What Are The Types Of Sources Of The Personal Data Collected;To What End We Collect The Information;Types Of Third Parties Whom We Share Personal Information, If Any; AndThe Specific Pieces Of Personal Information We Have Collected About You
2
Right Of Erasure
You Make Ask Us To Delete Your Personal Information And Direct Our Service Providers To Do So. Please Note That We May Not Delete Your Personal Information If It Is Necessary To Complete Our Legal Obligation To You To Provide The Product Or Otherwise Protect Our Legal Rights, Comply With An Existing Legal Obligation; Or Use Your Personal Information, Internally, In A Lawful Manner That Is Compatible With The Context In Which You Provided The Information.
3
Right To Non-Discrimination For The Exercise Of Your Privacy Rights
You Have The Right To Not Be Discriminated Against By Us Because You Exercised Any Of Your Rights Under The CCPA.
4
Right To Designate An Authorized Agent To Submit CCPA Requests On Your Behalf
You May Designate An Authorized Agent To Make A Request Under The CCPA On Your Behalf. To Do So, You Need To Provide The Authorized Agent Written Permission To Do So And The Agent Will Need To Submit To Us Proof That They Have Been Authorized By You. We Will Also Require That You Verify Your Own Identity, As Explained Below.
In order to exercise your CCPA right, please contact us
[email protected]
:
Please note that we may need to receive personal information form you in order to verify your identity prior to allowing you to exercise your rights.
Megarama Games
Proudly powered by
WordPress
Manage Cookie Consent
We use cookies to optimize our website and our service.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies
Always active
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
I accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent