Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Forever Entertainment gaming platform to provide better services and goods as well as diverse in the Act permit, in accordance with the provisions of this the Personal Data Protection Act of your personal data collection, use, management, and provide information to your service provider or affiliated companies in order to ensure a better quality of service to you, and is committed to monitor and ensure that employees have the absolute rigor and confidentiality in handling information.
1. The purpose of collecting personal data When using Forever Entertainment gaming platform might needs to provide some personal information in order to continue to use the membership Forever Entertainment gaming platform of related services, the main purpose of collecting personal information is as follows:
(1) verify the identity of the holder Forever Entertainment members - so when you are required to register to collect such as name, ID number, address, e-mail and other information.
(2) to provide services and support Forever Entertainment gaming platform - Such information includes contact information (address or e-mail, etc.), but in line with the service or support your claim, such information will be used to provide you with the latest information on products and services.
(3) comments in the forum or on the survey to answer - the company will collect e-mail addresses or names.
(4) for the provision of quality services statistics - the use of the service information may be used to carry out a comprehensive statistical data and analysis, the interest of the company to develop the most suitable for the user but also the easiest to use content.
(5) marketing purposes - including direct linking to you, or the latest news notify you by other means. Our company is committed to follow strict guidelines, the selection of reputable partners to provide services, but the company's privacy protection does not cover information that you directly to a third party (online auction buyer / seller, online store, or other linked websites) provided, Forever Entertainment proposal Before you provide any personal information, Xianxiang parties consult their codes and guidelines.
2. The information collected content categories (1) Basic information: name, sex, date of birth, identity card number, passport number, phone number, address, e-mail, marriage, family status, legal guardian's name, or any other direct or indirect able to identify you personally the information; and, if necessary, will be asked to provide the original or photocopy checks. (2) accounting information: such as financial institution account numbers, credit card numbers, transaction information exchanges, and other financial conditions, etc; and, if necessary, will be asked to provide the original or a photocopy of verification.
3. The use of personal information during the Forever Entertainment have to use your information in the operating period.
4. The use of personal data area Forever Entertainment use your personal information for the global area.
5. disclose information collected You acknowledge and authorize Forever Entertainment retain and store all the information you have provided and placed in one or more of the Company's database. We will be in accordance with strict standards of security and confidentiality of all information on these maintain a comprehensive data bank control and protection, and will not be disclosed to third parties, except for the following persons or organizations: (1) have received formal training in handling customer information and agreed Forever Entertainment authorized employees. (2) to provide support services to third-party service providers. These suppliers are contractually bound to comply with privacy standards set forth herein. (3) Forever Entertainment in accordance with applicable laws, government regulations or require any person to disclose the information. (4) in the company's business restructuring, reorganization or similar incidents, any officer of the company's interests trustee or transferee. (5) The person or organization that you deal with them through Forever Entertainment platform services, such as cash flow services, banking, financial, or other institutions. (6) Forever Entertainment if there are any of the following circumstances, will retain the right to disclose your personal information to a specific person: (A) Forever Entertainment have sufficient reason to believe that the IT department belongs to expose necessary to identify or contact you. (B) When a user violates the terms of Forever Entertainment website or products; or because of your behavior for Forever Entertainment website, rights, product, cause damage or interference to other users; or when the damage to human interference and thus subject to legal action against you. (C) Forever Entertainment have sufficient reason to believe that you are involved in fraud or other illegal, when the breach. (7) you find advertisers or any other sites linked to the site and Forever Entertainment also may collect your personal information, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the advertisers or other websites, can not control their behavior.
6. do not provide information or providing false information on the impact of (1) a member or join Forever Entertainment apply for other services, but there must be filled when personal information, if the information you have provided, by others or Forever Entertainment report found insufficient to confirm the authenticity of your identity, Forever Entertainment have to suspend your service; if after your correction, if we confirm the authenticity of Forever Entertainment will restore your service, if still unable to confirm the authenticity of your identity, Forever Entertainment will be unable to process your request. (2) to join Forever Entertainment website member or apply for other services, fill in personal information when you win any part, you are free to choose whether to provide, but you also may not be able to use services that require registration or require parties have to use the relevant information or specific products (such as subscribe to the newsletter, birthday concessions); in addition, if the account was fraudulent occurred when data was stolen, because you did not provide, or providing false information when the situation that they can not confirm the authenticity of your identity, Forever Entertainment will be unable to process your request.
7. The user's choice Forever Entertainment will occasionally provide the latest news by e-mail to users or without your communications requirements occur. While if you do not wish to receive future communications without your request issued, you can e-mail contact our customer relations staff, they will put your name be removed from the contact list in the above communication. We will only provide customer service and keep your contact details, such as to notify you the latest offers, modifications, etc. Member services.
8. Use the "Cookies" to collect information We may use "Cookies File" to collect information on the use of the service users, which helps users to re-visit the site of use "Cookies File" is a small piece of information sent by a web server and stored in the web browser being so in the future you can read this section of data from the browser. Currently, the data collected from the archives to Cookies for improving service capabilities. Forever Entertainment information services provided is based on an analysis of the company's cumulative use of the service user, and then be organized and orchestrated. Cookies help file at the same time make the login process more smoothly and faster, as well as the preservation of information between sessions. You can turn off your browser's File menu Cookies on your browser without affecting the company's Web site, but does enable us file Cookies services more convenient. Close Cookies archive function may cause the use of complexity and involve more input procedures. You should also note that if you clear the File menu ,, Cookies may affect certain features Forever Entertainment services.
9. Data Security We are concerned with the security of data collection, and has implemented measures to prevent unauthorized access to or use of such information. Forever Entertainment system uses appropriate security protocols for authentication and authorization, to protect the security of electronic communications. However, for any breach of security or the unauthorized disclosure or use of such information, we are not responsible.
10. User posted note Forever Entertainment gaming platform anywhere in the general public may be entered, there might be to get search engine index. If you choose to enter the local public disclosure of personal information, users should take extra care attention.
11. Privacy Policy update our users are very concerned about privacy issues, and to know when the company provides new features or business services, there is a need to update this policy, we will amend this policy before users notice about modifying.
12. Other rights Your personal information, after confirmation of himself under Forever Entertainment, have advocated request the following matters: No (1) check the company has any personal information held by you, (2) review of the Company held by your information, (3) requires correct your information, (4) identification of the company in terms of the type of information and data holdings from time to time to implement policies and practices, (5) prohibit access to or use of your data, and require informed Forever Entertainment any action taken by the above requirements, Forever Entertainment will retain the right to charge a reasonable fee to follow the above refund.
13. Facebook information collection and removal notice
1) To create an account and provide personalized services, we need to collect your email address and personal public data when you log in to our app with Facebook.
2) We will delete all your information once you delete the game application or remove the application authorization in the Facebook settings and privacy.
3) If you no longer log in with Facebook, you can contact us to delete the Facebook authorization data from the application. Once deleted, it cannot be restored.
14. Personal data collection and removal notice
1) The user has the right to remove OR delete all personal data collected by the application.Such as the way the user chooses to log into the application, including guest login, email login, Facebook login, Google login, and other related login methods.
2) Personal information is used to create an account and provide personalized services,we need to collect your email address and personal public data when you log in to our app with Google or Facebook.we need to collect your email address when you log in to our app with the mailbox.
3) If the user no longer uses the current login method, the user can contact us to delete the authorization dat from the application. Once deleted, it cannot be restored.
4) Users can contact us by email or corresponding customer service contact channels in the application.
5) We will do our best to respond promptly and in any event within one month of the following:Our receipt of your written request; or Our receipt of any further information we may ask you to provide to enable us to comply with your request, whichever happens to be later.Please supply us with the reason you wish your data to be erased and please attach any justifying documents to this one.Please describe the information you wish to erase. Please provide any relevant details you think will help us to identify the information.
Contact us: eskyfun.cs@gmail.com