Privacy Policy – Team Hoppi
Skip to content
Search Toggle
Team Hoppi
Creative Education Team
Home
Portfolio
Contact
Menu
Search for:
Submit
Privacy Policy
Genza Games provides this Privacy Policy to describe the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, and data that our users provide or we collect in our games provided on mobile platforms. Genza Games is not responsible for the actions of individuals with no relationship to Genza Games or third party companies, the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those individuals or companies.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Facebook
Firebase
Admob
How we use your provided Facebook Data
We have a features to allow Login using your Facebook account. This will help you store your game progress on Facebook and each time you change to new device or reset the game, you don’t have to worry about your old game progress. Your Facebook ID is for saving all of your progress
We also have some features that connect the game with all of your friend. A progress map that display your friend avatar and a leaderboard that contains all of your friends who play our game. These features need you to provide information about your Facebook friends, your Facebook name
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Data Deletion
Click on menu button on home screen (3 line icon)
Click on setting button
Click Disconnect
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
[email protected]
or
[email protected]
or
[email protected]
Team Hoppi
Company
Home
Portfolio
Contact
© 2023
Team Hoppi
Open Facebook in a new tab
Open Twitter in a new tab
Open Instagram in a new tab
Open LinkedIn in a new tab
Open Pinterest in a new tab