Privacy Policy
STORMBOUND B.V. PRIVACY POLICY
Subject of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is published in order to inform about our policies regarding the collection and use of data while using Stormbound's Service, which includes Stormbound’s websites.
We process your personal data in accordance with the applicable regulations on personal data protection. In particular, data are processed on the basis and in accordance with the Regulation of the European Parliament and the Council of the EU 2016/679 of 27th of April 2016 r. on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation – „GDPR”). Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used here have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service, which is accessible in particular via Stormbound’s website.
Identity and contact details of the controller
Stormbound B.V/, with its registered office in The Hague, The Netherlands at the following address: Saturnusstraat 60, unit 76, 2516 AH , entered in the Dutch register of entrepreneurs under No. 86829327. Contact with Stormbound is possible in particular by e-mail:
contact@stormboundgames.com
Collection of data and its source
We may collect and process information, including your personal data, in connection with rendering of the Service, in particular those which you provided within the Service for example in order to create the Account (such as username, email and password), or while utilizing social features of the Service. The personal data we receive comes from you, for example when you enter them when creating the Account or when you share them within the Service. Your contact with Stormbound through phone, post, e-mail and also through other dedicated features available within the Service usually will also include passing your personal data to us.
Furthermore, we may receive your personal data from you through platforms and portals which you use in connection to the Service, for example when using the Service through third party software or when linking third party tools and services with the Service. Providing us with your personal data is voluntary. Lack of provision of required data may prevent you from using the Service or from accessing and utilizing certain parts of it. Lack of provision of contact data may also hinder or even make impossible any contact with us.
Log files
While using the Service, in particular in a case of an error in an app, certain data and information (through third party products) in the form of a log file may be collected automatically and stored on your device (“Log file”). Log files may include your IP address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when using our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service and other statistics.
Cookies
„Cookies” are small pieces of IT data, in particular text files, which are stored on user’s device and used as anonymous unique identifiers. Cookies are used to tailor the content of website to user’s preferences and to optimes user’s experience, in particular by generating anonymous, aggregated statistics, which help to understand how services utilizing Cookies are used. Cookies usually contain the name of their source (name of website), storage time and a unique number. We may utilize Cookies and other similar technologies with the intent of improving quality and content of the Service and our websites. You may at any time specify the conditions for storage and access of cookies, which includes disabling the ‘accept cookies’ option, by changing the settings of the software used to browse websites so that either the automatic handling of cookies is locked or a user is informed every time a cookie is transmitted to an end device. Detailed information on the possibility and ways of handling cookie files are available within the software (web browser) settings. The apps within the Service may use third party code and libraries that use Cookies to collect information and improve their services.
Below you can find information about types of Cookies you may encounter in relations to the Service: two types of Cookies differentiated by their lifetime:
„session“ files, that is temporary files, which are stored on the users’ end device until the user logs out, leaves the website or turns off the web browser. Temporary files are necessary for the website to properly function.
“permanent“ files stored on the users’ end device for a period of time specified within the cookie parameters or until they are deleted by a user. four types of cookie files differentiated by their purpose:
functional files, which are used to store information such as login and password, which makes the use of a website faster and easier,
statistical files, thanks to which a website can be optimized according to the users‘ preferences,
ad files, which enable users to receive advertisements tailored to their individual preferences and interests,
social cookies, which enable social networks used by users to be integrated into websites.
Service Providers and recipients of personal data
We may employ third party service providers, which may have access to your personal data, due to the following reasons:
(i) to facilitate the Service,
(ii) to provide the Service on our behalf;
(iii) to perform Service-related services;
(iv) to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
The recipients of your personal data may be entities cooperating with Stormbound in relation to the provision, maintenance and development of the Service, including but not limited to providers of software supporting the Service, postal operators and couriers, e-mail service providers, accounting and law offices, archiving entities.
For your comfort we listed links to privacy polices of certain third party service providers below:
(i) Google Play Services (
https://policies.google.com/privacy
)
(ii) AdMob, (
https://policies.google.com/privacy
)
(iii) Firebase Analytics, (
https://policies.google.com/privacy
)
(iv) Facebook, (
https://m.facebook.com/privacy/policy/version/20220104
)
(v) Unity, (
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-policy
)
(vi) GameAnalytics, (
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
)
(vii) Apple (
https://www.apple.com/privacy/
)
(viii) Kongregate (
http://www.kongregate.com/pages/privacy
)
When you play Stormbound at Kongregate’s website (https://www.kongregate.com) or on your PC or Mac as a download from Steam that use is covered by Kongregate Inc. privacy policy, available here: http://www.kongregate.com/pages/privacy.
Your use of Steam (https://store.steampowered.com/) is covered by Valve Inc.’s privacy policy, available here: https://store.steampowered.com/privacy_agreement/.
Certain data needed for using social features of the Service may be visible to other Users via the Service.
Legal basis of data processing
We process your personal data in order to properly perform agreement with you ( Article 6 sec. 1 letter b) of GDPR), in particular we collect and process data that are necessary to enter an agreement with us and to properly render the Service.
We process your personal data when it is necessary for purposes of our legitimate interest ( Article 6 sec. 1 letter f) of GDPR), which includes 1) management, exercise and defense in case of reciprocal claims; 2) ensuring information security, 3) marketing the Service and other Stormbound’s products, passing news about the Service and other Stormbound’s products.
We may process your personal data to comply with legal obligations to which Stormbound is subject to ( Article 6 sec. 1 letter c) of GDPR).
Some of your personal data may be processed within the scope and in accordance with your consent ( Article 6 sec. 1 letter a) of GDPR).
Criteria used to determine the period for which the personal data will be stored
Personal data shall be stored for a period necessary to render the Service and perform the agreement with Stormbounds, as well as after its termination only in cases and to the extent permitted by law.
Within the scope of complying with legal obligations to which Stormbound is subject, personal data shall be processed until those obligations have been complied with.
Within the scope of the legitimate interests pursued by Stormbound, personal data shall be processed until a successful objection is made.
Within the scope of data processed on the basis of a consent, personal data will be processed until the consent is withdrawn or the inquiry is answered.
You also have the right to get your personal data deleted. If you would like to delete your personal information, please see the
Kongregate Data Subject Request Form
under this link:
https://privacyportal-de.onetrust.com/webform/4a6c7306-a5a2-45b8-95fc-64a4ce3a6384/80f079fc-1996-4bff-b7e2-dd9ac1d32e80
Information about the rights of data subjects
You have the right to
(i) request access to your personal data,
(ii) request rectification, erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of your personal data,
(iii) object to processing of personal data,
(iv) data portability (the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another),
(v) withdraw consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal in accordance with GDPR.
To the extent that personal data are processed on the basis of article 6 sec. 1 letter f) of GDPR, you have the right to object at any time – on grounds relating to your particular situation. Stormbound shall then no longer process those personal data, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. You have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the EU member state of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes GDPR. In Poland, the supervisory authority is the President of the Personal Data Protection Office.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your personal data, thus we are striving to use state-of-the-art commercially acceptable means of protecting it. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your data and that it won’t be lost, misused or altered despite our best efforts to prevent such actions.
International transfer
As the nature and aim of the Service is international your personal data may be involved in transfer to countries outside of EEA. We shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that such personal data are treated securely, in accordance with this Privacy Policy and restrictions imposed by GDPR in that regard. You can get details on the security measures that we take with reference to such transfers by contacting us via email.
Links to other sites
The Service may contain links to external sites and services. If you click on a third-party link, you will be redirected accordingly. Note that these external sites and services are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of such sites and services. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any such third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Stormbound’s services and products are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 13. In the case we discover that we collected or were provided with personal data about a child under 13, we will delate such data immediately. If you believe that we might collected personal data of a child under 13, please contact us.
We also do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 16 without legal guardian’s prior consent. Legal guardians may contact us in that regard through email.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on Stormbound’s webpage. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted, unless otherwise specified.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
contact@stormboundgames.com
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at
privacy@stormboundgames.com
Latest update: November 22, 2022
Stormbound B.V.
Saturnusstraat 60, unit 76, 2516 AH, The Hague,
The Netherlands
ul. Małachowskiego 8/2, 80-262, Gdańsk,
Poland
contact.us@stormboundgames.com