Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Thank you for using our products and services. We respect your concerns
                about privacy and much importance is attached to the privacy protection of
                users by Papergames, thus we are publishing this Privacy Policy on how we
                collect, use, disclose, share and store user information. We may collect
                and use your information when you use our services. We hope that this
                Privacy Policy will inform you on how we collect, use, store, share,
                access, update, control and protect your information when you use our
                services. This Privacy Policy applies to interactions between users and
                Papergames, user registration and use of Papergames services. We encourage
                you to go through this policy to help you understand how to maintain your
                privacy.
Your use or continuation of use of our services shall constitute consent to
                our collection, use, storage and sharing of your information according to
                this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you must
                not use the Game Services. If you change your mind in the future, you may
                withdraw your consent to use of your personal information in accordance
                with this policy.
What Information We may Collect about You
The following information related to you may be collected, stored and used
                when we provide services. If you do not provide such information, you may
                not be able to register as a user, receive some of our services, or achieve
                the desired results of our services. The information we collect falls into
                three different categories: 1) Collecting information directly from you; 2)
                Collecting information automatically; and 3) Information collected from
                third parties.
1)
Information directly from you
• Personal information provided to us when you register an account or use
                our services;
• Bank account or other accounts used for payment only if they are
                associated with your accounts when our services are made available to you;
• Shared information that you provide to other parties through our services
                and information stored when you use our services.
2)
Information collected
a
utomatically
•
Log, which means technical information that may be collected by cookies,
                web beacons or other means when you access our services, including:
• Device or software information, e.g. configuration information, your IP
                address, version of your mobile device and its identifier provided by your
                mobile device, web browsers or other programs used to access our services;
• Information searched for or viewed when you use our services, e.g. web
                search terms you use, URL address of social media pages you access, other
                information and details that you browse or are required to be provided when
                you access our services;
• Information on and of mobile applications and other software you have
                used;
• Information you communicate through our services, e.g. account number,
                time, data and length of communication;
• Information (metadata) contained in the data you share through our
                services, e.g. shared photos taken or uploaded, or when, what time or where
                they are taken.
• Location information, which means information on your location collected
                when you start the positioning function and use our location-based
                services, including:
• Information of your geographic location collected via GPS or WiFi when
                you use our services with your positioning-based mobile device;
• Real-time information containing your location provided by you or other
                users, e.g. your location contained in your account information, shared
                information uploaded by you or others showing your current or previous
                location, or geographic tags contained in photos shared by you or others;
3)
Information collected from third parties.
We also use third-party partners, such as social networking sites, data
                analytics providers and advertising networks to supplement information we
                have about you, such as:
• Information we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service
                (such as Facebook or Google)
• Information to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud
                in advertising)
• Information from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify
                payment)
• Information for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you
                a better Service
• Information that you have made available to us from a third party service
                (such as Google or Facebook) via your privacy settings
Children
Papergames recommends that any minor who participates in an online activity
                shall have prior consent from their parents or legal guardians. Papergames
                will protect information related to minors in accordance with relevant laws
                and regulations.
The Services are not directed to users under 13 years old in the European
                Economic Area.
The privacy of children is a priority for us and guardians are encouraged
                to provide guidance for minors under the age of 18 when using our services.
                We recommend that minors should encourage their parents or guardians to
                read this Privacy Policy and they should have consent and guidance from
                their parents or guardians before submitting their personal information. We
                do not intentionally collect or store personal information from Children.
                However, we do collect information, including personal information, from
                all users of the Services.
If we find we have inadvertently collected personal data about children
                under the age of 13 without permission from a parent or legal guardian, we
                will immediately take all necessary and reasonable measures to delete the
                information from our systems.
If you are a guardian and wish to review personal data collected from your
                child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us as
                described in the Contact section. If we become aware that a child has
                provided us with personal data contrary to this privacy policy, we will
                delete any personal data we have collected, unless we have a legal
                obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account and/or revert them
                to the underage experience, as applicable.
Parents/guardians are jointly and severally liable for all acts (including
                purchases and payments in the Services) and omissions of their Children
                when using the Services.
How We Collect your information
For web users, we or our third-party partners may collect, use and store
                your information via cookies and web beacons.
We use cookies and web beacons to provide you with special experience and
                services and to:
• Remember your identity. For example, cookies and web beacons help us
                identify you as a registered user, or memorize your preferences or other
                information that you provide to us;
• Analyze your use of our services. For example, we can use cookies and web
                beacons to know in which activities you participate with our services, or
                which pages or services are most preferred by you;
• Advertising optimization. Cookies and web beacons help us provide you
                with advertisements that are relevant to you based on your information
                rather than general advertising.
While cookies and web beacons are used for the purposes above, we may
                provide advising companies or other partners with non-personal identity
                information collected with cookies and web beacons and processed
                statistically in order to analyze how users use our services and use such
                information for advertising services.
Our products and services may have cookies and web beacons placed by our
                advertisers or other partners. These cookies and web beacons may collect
                non-personal identity information used to analyze how users use the
                services, to send you advertisements that may be of interest to you, or to
                evaluate performance of advertising services. These third-party cookies and
                web beacons collect and use such information without being governed by this
                Privacy Policy, but by the privacy policy concerning relevant users, so we
                are not responsible for third-party cookies or web beacons.
You may refuse or manage cookies or web beacons with help of your browser
                settings. However, please note that if you disable cookies or web beacons,
                you may not be able to enjoy the best service experience and some services
                may not work normally. Meanwhile, you will receive the same volume of
                advertising which are less relevant to you.
Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of data sent by a website to your
                computer while you are browsing the Internet. Cookies are used (whether by
                us or other companies) for a variety of reasons. For example, if you go to
                a website you have visited before, cookies send information to that website
                so it can "remember" you. You have the option to receive an alert from your
                computer when a website wants to send you a cookie. You can also block all
                cookies. The setting for this can be found in your browser (Chrome,
                Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, etc.). Web browsers are all different
                so we recommend you use your browser's Help menu to find out how to change
                your cookie settings. If you block all cookies, you may encounter problems
                with access or features of certain services.
Web beacons: Web beacons are objects embedded in images on our website
                pages and in the emails we send to you. We may use web beacons for
                technical purposes, such as analyzing browsing habits, traffic, customer
                interests and the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives. These
                technical methods may require information to be sent, either directly to us
                or to another party we have asked to collect information on our behalf.
In our mobile apps, we also use third-party software development kits (also
                known as SDKs) which collect information about your device(s) and use of
                the Services. These trackers help us to deliver the Services to you, to
                improve your user experience and to analyze traffic on and use of the
                Services. In addition, they are used for marketing and advertising,
                including to help us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing
                campaigns and potentially for interest-based advertising by third parties.
Third parties that provide support for internal operations, as well as
                marketing partners and analytics providers include the following:
Third Party
Category
Privacy Statements and Opt-out Options
Apple
Analytics;
Advertising；
Sign-in;
https://searchads.apple.com/privacy/
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
AppsFlyer
Analytics;
Advertising
https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy
https://www.appsflyer.com/optout
Alibaba Cloud
Cloud Provider
https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/faq-detail/42425.htm?spm=a2c63.q38357.a3.1.4739350alecwk6
Facebook
Sign-in;
Functional;
Advertising;
Social
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Google
Sign-in; Analytics; Advertising; Functional
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Twitter
Social
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Unity
Analytics; Functional
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information collected in the course of our services to:
•
Provide services to you;
• Verify identity, provide customer service, ensure safety, monitor fraud,
                file and copy such information to ensure safety of our products and
                services;
• Help us design new services and improve our existing service;
• Help us better know how you access and use our services in order to meet
                your special needs, e.g. language settings, location settings, special
                assistance and tips, or respond otherwise to your and other users'
                requirements;
• Provide you with relevant advertisements in place of common ones;
• Assess and improve performance of advertising and other promotions in our
                service;
• Certify software or upgrade management software;
• Engage you in our product and service surveys.
How We Share
Your Information
Except for the following circumstances, we and our affiliates will not
                share your personal information with any third party without your consent:
• We and our affiliates may share your personal information with our
                affiliates, partners, third-party service providers, contractors and agents
                (e.g. communication service providers who send emails or give notices on
                our behalf, or map service providers that provide us with location data,
                which may not be in your jurisdiction) to:
o Provide you with our services;
o Achieve the purposes as mentioned in the section "How to use";
o Fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights as set forth in this
                Privacy Policy or other agreements between you and Papergames;
o Understand, maintain and improve our services.
If we or our affiliates share your personal information with any third
                party as above mentioned, we will endeavor to ensure that such third
                parties comply with this Privacy Policy and take appropriate security and
                confidentiality measures we require when using your personal information.
• With the development of our business, we and our affiliates may conduct
                mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or other transactions, and your
                personal information may be transferred accordingly. We will keep you
                informed before such transfer.
• We or our affiliates may also retain, store or disclose your personal
                information:
• To disclose it with your consent or authorization;
• To comply with applicable laws and regulations;
• To comply with court orders or other legal procedures;
• To comply with requirements of relevant governmental authorities;
• For purposes as reasonably needed to comply with applicable laws and
                regulations, safeguard public interest, or protect personal and property
                safety or legal interests of our customers, Papergames, our group
                companies, other users or employees;
• For other purposes as set forth in provisions or statements of Papergames
                Services, or deemed necessary by Papergames.
Publicly Posted Information
Please remember that whenever you are willing to disclose your personal
                information
online (for example on message boards, public profiles, and in chat areas),
                that information is stored by us and becomes publicly available, subject to
                the collection and use of third parties (e.g., other users). Papergames is
                not responsible for the subsequent use of that information by third
                parties. Please take caution whenever you disclose personal information in
                a public manner. If you encounter any Papergames user who is improperly
                collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact us
                using the information in the Contact section below.
Third Party Link
Our service may include or link to social media or other service (including
                websites) provided by third parties. Example:
• You transfer certain content to our service with the "Share" button, or
                you log in to our service with a third-party link. Your information
                (including your log) may be collected with these functions and cookies may
                be installed to your computer to perform such functions;
• We provide you with links on advertisements or other means of our
                service, so that you can access third-party services or websites.
Such third-party social media or other services may be operated by third
                parties or us. Your use of such third-party social media service or other
                services (including any personal information you provide to such third
                party) is subject to the third party's service provisions and privacy
                policy (not this Privacy Policy), so you shall go through them carefully.
                This Privacy Policy does not apply to services or information provided by
                any third party, but only to information we collect. We are not responsible
                for any third party's use of information provided by you.
How We Protect Your Information
We retain your personal information only for a period necessary to meet the
                purposes as described in this Privacy Policy, or a period required by law.
We employ security technology and procedures to prevent loss, misuse,
                unauthorized access or disclosure of such information. For example, we will
                use encryption technology (e.g. SSL) to protect your personal information
                in certain services. However, please understand that due to technical
                limitations and potential existence of malicious means, we cannot warrant
                100% security even if we have tried our best to take security measures. You
                need to understand that the system and communication network that you use
                to access our services may fail due to some factors beyond our control.
If we subcontract all or part of the processing of personal data to
                processors, we will require that its processors provide contractual
                guarantees on the security and confidentiality of personal data by means of
                technical data protection measures and appropriate human resources.
You also have a role to play in keeping your personal information safe. If
                you are asked to create a unique password to secure access to your account,
                choose one that would be impossible to guess and make sure you never share
                it with anyone. It is your responsibility to ensure your password and
                account information is always confidential. If you use a public or shared
                computer, turn off all settings and options that remember your login
                credentials and ensure you always log out of your account before leaving
                the computer.
Data Retention Policy
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to
                provide you the Service. We may for example periodically de-identify unused
                game accounts, and we may regularly review and de-identify unnecessary
                data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your
                data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply
                with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Your Privacy Rights
Papergames encourages users to update and modify their personal information
                for it to be effective. Users of Papergames Services can easily access and
                modify their personal information any time. Users can modify or delete
                their information at their own discretion.
We will take appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access,
                update and correct your registration information or other personal
                information provided when you use our services. When accessing, updating,
                correcting or deleting such information, we may check your identity in
                order to protect your account.
The following rights ("Your Rights") applies to users that are located in
                the European Economic Area only.
You have certain rights in relation to the personal information we hold
                about you. Some of these only apply in certain circumstances (as set out in
                more detail below). We must respond to a request by you to exercise those
                rights without undue delay and at least within one month (though this may
                be extended by a further two months in certain circumstances). To exercise
                any of your rights, please contact us at nikkisupport@playpapergames.com.
Access
You have the right to access personal information we hold about you, how we
                use it, and who we share it with. If you believe we hold any other personal
                information about you, please contact us.
Portability
You have the right to receive a copy of certain personal information we
                process about you. This comprises any personal information we process on
                the basis of your consent (e.g., gender information) or pursuant to our
                contract with you (e.g., game play statistics), as described in the section
                "How to use". You have the right to receive this information in a
                structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the
                right to request that we transfer that personal information to another
                party.
If you wish for us to transfer such personal information to a third party,
                please ensure you detail that party in your request. Note that we can only
                do so where it is technically feasible. Please note that we may not be able
                to provide you with personal information if providing it would interfere
                with another’s rights (e.g., where providing the personal information we
                hold about you would reveal information about another person or our trade
                secrets or intellectual property).
Correction
You have the right to correct any personal information held about you that
                is inaccurate. If you believe we hold any other personal information about
                you and that information is inaccurate, please contact us.
Erasure
You can delete your account, or remove certain personal information. If
                there is any other personal information you believe we process that you
                would like us to erase, please contact us.
You may request that we erase the personal information we hold about you in
                the following circumstances:
• you believe that it is no longer necessary for us to hold such personal
                information; or
• you believe the personal information we hold about you is being
                unlawfully processed by us.
You can also exercise your right to restrict our processing of your
                personal information (as described below) whilst we consider your request.
We may need to retain personal information if there are valid grounds under
                data protection laws for us to do so (e.g., for the defense of legal claims
                or freedom of expression) but we will let you know if that is the case.
                Where you have requested that we erase personal information that has been
                made available publicly on the Game Services and there are grounds for
                erasure, we will use reasonable steps to try to tell others that are
                displaying the personal information or providing links to the personal
                information to erase it too.
Restriction of Processing to Storage Only
You have a right to require us to stop processing the personal information
                we hold about you other than for storage purposes in certain circumstances.
                Please note, however, that if we stop processing the personal information,
                we may use it again if there are valid grounds under data protection laws
                for us to do so (e.g., for the defense of legal claims or for another’s
                protection). As above, where we agree to stop processing the personal
                information, we will try to tell any third party to whom we have disclosed
                the relevant personal information so that they can stop processing it too.
You may request we stop processing and just store the personal information
                we hold about you where:
• you believe the personal information is not accurate for the period it
                takes for us to verify whether it is accurate;
• you wish to erase the personal information as the processing we are doing
                is unlawful but you want us to retain the personal information but just
                store it instead; or
• you wish to erase the personal information as it is no longer necessary
                for our purposes but you require it to be stored for the establishment,
                exercise or defense of legal claims.
Objection
You have the right to object to our processing of personal information
                about you. We will consider your request in other circumstances as detailed
                below by contact us.
Announcements
We may from time to time send you announcements when we consider it
                necessary to do so (such as when we temporarily suspend Game access for
                maintenance, or security, privacy or administrative-related
                communications). You may not opt-out of these service-related
                announcements, which are not promotional in nature.
Contact & Complaints
For the purposes of European Data Protection Law, the Data Controller is
                Nikkigames HK Limited.
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your
                personal information, please contact us in the first instance.
International Transfer of Your Information
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred
                to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different
                data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure
                adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this
                Policy. Adequate safeguards that we may use include standard contractual
                clauses approved by EU Commission and other lawful safeguards.
Personal data may be transferred to, and stored in, a country operating
                outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Under Regulation (EU) 2016/679,
                the transfer of personal data to a country outside the EEA may take place
                where the European Commission has decided that the country ensures an
                adequate level of protection. In the absence of an adequacy decision, we
                may transfer personal data provided appropriate safeguards are in place.
Personal data collected from individuals, including those in the EEA, is
                stored on servers in compliance with relevant legal provisions. We have
                verified that our Cloud Service Provider and data processors (where
                applicable) are certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
Change to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time and the amendment
                shall be integral to this Privacy Policy. If such amendment causes
                substantial loss of your rights under this Privacy Policy, we'll let you
                know by giving a notice prominently or informing you otherwise before the
                amendment takes effect. In this event, your continuing to use our services
                shall constitute your consent to observe the amendment of this Privacy
                Policy.
We encourage you to check our Privacy Policy every time you access
                Papergames.
Jurisdiction
Controlling Law and Jurisdiction of this policy and any action related
                thereto will be governed by the laws of People's Republic of China without
                regard to its conflict of laws provisions. Any dispute arising from or in
                connection with this Policy shall be submitted to Shanghai International
                Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission/Shanghai International
                Arbitration Center ("SHIAC") for arbitration, which shall be conducted in
                accordance with SHIAC's arbitration rules in effect at the time of applying
                for arbitration. The seat of arbitration shall be Shanghai, China. The
                language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be Chinese. The
                arbitral award is final and binding upon both parties.
Contact Us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests
                for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily
                contact us at: nikkisupport@@playpapergames.com.