Privacy - Unity (3D) Software Development Croatia, Varaždin
Skip to content
Search for:
Home
About Us
Kiqqi Productions
Contact us
Privacy
admin
2022-04-05T09:19:20+00:00
Privacy Statement
We respect your privacy and under no circumstances will the information you provide to us be shared with any third party. We do not sell, rent, or loan information regarding our customers (players) to any third party. Any information you give us is held with the utmost security and care, and will not be used in ways to which you have not explicitly agreed beforehand.
Use of Information
We do not collect any personal information about users except when specifically and knowingly provided by users. Examples of such information are: name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, and product comments. We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you download our games. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or seen) during the time you use the application. Kiqqi uses only non-personal data collected from sources such as Analytics to provide better user experience for players of our games.
Collection of information by others
We may contain links to other websites, including links that are placed there by us, such as third-party advertisements or text hyperlinks. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other website or application. We may offer additional services or promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with non-affiliated companies. These third parties may obtain personal information that site visitors voluntarily submit. Our mobile applications that are distributed through the iTunes and Google Play store may also request permission to automatically collect other information from your mobile device, including your email address. We may only collect this information with your authorization in accordance with your device operating system’s permission process. Kiqqi use secure servers to perform the online transactions and other actions related to sensitive information distribution, including all credit card operations that are performed by certified payment service providers.
Get Social
Privacy
Copyright 2022 KIQQI d.o.o. za računalno programiranje. All rights reserved.
Page load link
Manage Cookie Consent
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Functional
Functional
Always active
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
Preferences
Preferences
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
Statistics
Statistics
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
Marketing
Marketing
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
Go to Top