FRVR legal
Games
About Us
Careers
Support
Discover
All Games
Legal
FRVR Limited (VAT MT24548624) is a Maltese limited liability company located in Valletta, Malta.
FRVR® is a registered trademark of FRVR Limited.
FRVR Limited
61 Saint Paul Street,
Valletta VLT 1212
Malta
Business ID C82019
VAT ID MT24548624
For questions, support and legal enquiries please contact
legal@frvr.com
Table of contents
FRVR: Privacy Policy
FRVR: GDPR Compliance
FRVR: Terms of Service
FRVR: Privacy Policy
FRVR Ltd (“FRVR” or “we”) is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our online users (“users” or “you”). This Online Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) has been crafted to inform you as to the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information you provide in connection with any FRVR game or application (“Service”). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to only information collected from FRVR through use of the Service.
By using the Service, you are agreeing to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
As per our advertisement practices, we also inform you that FRVR Limited participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. FRVR Limited's identification number within the framework is 1107. IAB Europe is the European-level association for the digital marketing and advertising ecosystem.
Information Collected and Used
FRVR is
GDPR compliant
FRVR’s primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service. As part of our operations, we may collect, upon your consent, data for profiling and marketing purposes to personalize our marketing communications and to understand our Users’ preferences.
When you install any of the FRVR games or applications, we may collect and record the information you provide us voluntarily through services such as www.facebook.com (“Facebook”) in accordance with the policies and terms of Facebook.
The types of personal information collected in accordance with the activities listed above may vary depending on the activity. This “personal information” is defined as information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal information may include: (1) your name, (2) Facebook user identification number, (3) Twitter handle, (4) or email address. Additionally, we may acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Service (2) your email of a question to our customer support or (3) your purchase of a virtual product of any type. Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, we do not have access to your credit card details and billing information.
FRVR may also invite you to share non-personal information about yourself which may include but is not limited to: (1) your age or date of birth; (2) your gender; (3) profession; (4) information about the hardware you may own; (5) your favorite websites, friend information and fan pages (collectively referred to as “non-personal information”). If non-personal information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, FRVR may combine your non-personal information with your personal information in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the quality and value of the Services and to analyze how our Service is used.
The Service will also record game play information such as your high scores or game session duration.
In addition to information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as in games or on message boards. Any action you perform with other players are considered public, and are your sole discretion.
Finally, any time you access the Service, we may collect aggregate information including but not limited to internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. We use this information to better tailor the Service to your interests, to provide you more efficient customer support, and to overall enhance the Service.
In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Service.
Other Disclosure of Your Personal Information
You understand and agree that we may be required to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including but not limited to a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of the public. Note that FRVR is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that FRVR may receive.
Additionally, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to FRVR’s successor or assignee, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user’s computer and to “remember” things about the user’s visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. The Service sends cookies to your computer when you access or view content of a FRVR service. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
If you wish to return your browser to a cookie-free state for this domain, find your browser in the list below and follow the instructions.
Google Chrome:
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
Internet Explorer:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Internet Explorer Edge:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
Safari (Mobile):
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201265
Safari:
https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites. The fact that the Service links to a website or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that FRVR endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. FRVR is in no way responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites to which you choose to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of those websites when exiting the Service.
Third Party Platform
When you use or connect to a FRVR website or download a FRVR mobile app by or through a Third Party Platform, such as Facebook or other social networking site, you allow us to access and/or collect certain information from your Third Party Platform profile/account (such as your Facebook account) or via any cookies placed on your device by such Third Party Platform as permitted by the terms of the agreement and your privacy settings with the Third Party Platform. We will share such information with the Third Party Platform for their use as permitted by the terms of the agreement and your privacy setting with the Third Party Platform.
We will share some of the information we collect from you upon install of the mobile app with vendors and other service providers who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the services we provide to you and/or for analytics purposes which may require the reproduction and display of such information in an aggregated and anonymized manner such that will not in any way identify you.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information by changing the applicable information in your Facebook profile page. If you completely delete all this information, your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.
Security
We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
Policy Regarding Minors
Services may be used by minors, submitted to permission given by parents or guardians. In case you are a minor and use the Services, you ensure and warrant towards us that you have obtained the necessary permission from your parent or guardian.
Our Services are classified according to the sensitivity of the content shown to our users. This classification materializes by establishing a minimum recommended age for playing our games. The minimum age established in each game might possibly differ based on games' content. This is not related to the processing of data.
As we mentioned previously, most of our user's game data is processed anonymously, thus we do not gear our Services towards children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we know that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information we will delete such information from our files as quickly as possible.
If you are under 13 and do not understand the content presented in this Policy, please ask for support from your legal representatives - parents or legal guardians.
GDPR Compliance Statement
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is effective from 25th May 2018. The GDPR aims to strengthen the security and protection of personal data in the EU and will replace the European Privacy Directive and national legislations accordingly.
FRVR understands the importance of customer data and welcomes the arrival of the GDPR. At FRVR Limited, we believe that customers are the most important part of our business and the success of our company builds on the trust that our customers, employees and other stakeholders have in our ability to deliver premier quality including the protection of personal information.
FRVR Limited services complies with all applicable parts of the GDPR.
Any consent you may give or choose to withhold in relation to the GDPR shall apply to all services (games and website) provided by FRVR Limited as part of the
frvr.com
domain.
The following are key aspects of the GDPR, and how it relates to FRVR Limited.
What is the GDPR
The GDPR is the General Data Protection Regulation established by the European Union.
At its core, GDPR is a new set of rules designed to give EU citizens more control over their personal data. It aims to simplify the regulatory environment for business so both citizens and businesses in the European Union can fully benefit from the digital economy.
Follows EU Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC). For more information, please see
eugdpr.org
.
Key Aspects of GDPR
There are 4 aspects to the GDPR that FRVR Limited has considered as part of our GDPR compliance:
The right to data portability
Individuals have the right to a copy of all the personal data that controllers have regarding him or her. It also must be provided in a way that facilities reuse.
At any time, users may request any date we store on their behalf by contacting us via email on
gdpr@frvr.com
The right to be forgotten
This gives individuals the right to have certain personal data deleted so third parties can no longer trace them. FRVR Limited does not store any personal data, only authentication tokens to Facebook. Those tokens can be invalidated by removing the game app according to
these instructions by Facebook.
Since we currently do not store any PII directly, and the only way to link game state and analytics data collected with a particular user is via their Facebook Access Token, simply removing the FRVR game app from the users’ Facebook profile will anonymize any information we hold. This will happen instantly, the moment the user removes our app.
Privacy by Design
This helps to facilitate the inclusions of policies, guidelines, and work instructions related to data protection in the earliest stages of projects including personal data.
This aspect does not apply to FRVR Limited.
Data Breach Notifications
Controllers must report personal data breaches to the relevant supervisory authority within 72 hours after having become aware of it. If there is an high risk to the rights and freedoms of data subjects, they must also notify the data subjects.
FRVR Limited has an escalated process in order to ensure the security of user data. Information about whether or not user data has been part of a breach is available upon request.
GDPR Compliance for FRVR
To Understand the position of FRVR in the compliance of GDPR, it is important to understand the actors. These actors are:
Data Controller
is the individual or the legal person who controls and is responsible for the keeping and use of personal information on a computer or in structured manual files.
Data Processor
in relation to personal data, means any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller. “processing”, in relation to information or data means. obtaining, recording or holding the information or data.
Data Subject
means an individual who is the subject of personal data. In other words, the data subject is the individual whom particular personal data is about.
GDPR and FRVR Limited
The following are key elements of our GDPR Compliance:
We do not process personal data on behalf of the Customer and we don’t have access to any personal data in our customer’s systems (Customer Personal Data). Moreover, FRVR is not able to monitor the processing of Customer Personal Data in our customer’s systems.
What personal data do we collect/store?
At FRVR we collect two types of data on our users; passive and active. Passive collection is the data that is collected when users play games, whether on their mobile device or the web. This data is collected using Google Analytics or similar and contains the following information:
IP address
approximate geographical location
session duration
in-game activity
This data does not contain any personally identifying information. Our active data collection is currently limited to high scores and game information, such as coins collected. We allow users to log in using their Facebook account, and from their Facebook account we store the following:
User Access Token: we simply use this token to identify a user from one play session to the next. We do not gain access to any details about the user.
As such we don't store any data that can be used to identify and track an individual. The user access token can be invalidated at any time by removing our app from the users Facebook profile.
How does FRVR Address GDPR
Data Access Control
The controller shall implement appropriate technical and organizational measures for ensuring that by default, only personal data which are necessary for each specific purpose of the processing are processed.
Monitoring of Access Activities
Each controller and where applicable, the controllers representative, shall maintain a record of processing activities under its responsibilities
Data Encryption
Organizations must implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, including the pseudonymisation and encryption of personal data
Strong Compliance Framework
Appropriate technical and organizational measures may need to include “the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the processing systems and services
Questions?
Any FRVR Limited GDPR related questions and any data subject requests can be addressed to:
gdpr@frvr.com
.
FAQ
What are the requirements under GDPR for FRVR?
Privacy measures should be implemented in the design phase
Right to be forgotten
Data portability
What information is covered by GDPR?
Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person
Any healthcare and sensitive data
When does GDPR come into effect?
May 25, 2018
Which customers are affected by the GDPR?
Applies to controllers and processors who are established in the European Union or those who offer goods and services to data subjects in the EU
Entities that monitor behavior of data subjects in the EU
What type of actor is FRVR?
For information collected under this Privacy Policy, the data controller is FRVR Limited. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted here:
gdpr@frvr.com
.
FRVR: Terms of Service
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) are a legal agreement between FRVR Ltd. (“FRVR” or “we”) and you (“you”). By using or accessing any FRVR game or application (“Service”) you agree to be bound by these Terms.
By accessing or using the Service, you agree that you have read, understood, and accept to be bound by the Terms.
FRVR reserves the right, in its sole discretion, modify or revise these Terms at any time, and you agree to be bound by such modifications or revisions.
If you do not agree to the Terms, do not use the Service.
Users are responsible for periodically viewing the Terms. Your continued use of the Service after a change or update has been made will constitute your acceptance to the revised Terms.
If you do not agree to the Terms your only remedy is to discontinue your use of the Service and cancel any accounts you have made using the Service.
If you violate the Terms, FRVR reserves the right to issue you a warning regarding the violation or immediately terminate or suspend any or all accounts you have created using the Service.
You agree that FRVR need not provide you notice before terminating or suspending your account(s), but it may do so.
FRVR reserves the right to refuse any user access to the Services without notice for any reason, including, but not limited to, a violation of the Terms.
You agree that FRVR may discontinue the Service or change the content of the Service at any time, for any reason, with or without notice to you, without liability.
You represent that you are 13 years old or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agrees to the Terms.
Intellectual Property/Ownership
All materials that are part of the Service (including, but not limited to, designs, text, graphics, pictures, video, information, applications, software, music, sound and other files, and their selection and arrangement) are protected by law from unauthorized use.
The entire contents of the Service are copyrighted under the Danish copyright laws and/or similar laws of other jurisdictions.
You agree that no materials that are part of the Service may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, or otherwise exploited without FRVR’s express prior written permission, except that the foregoing does not apply to your own User Content (as defined below) that you legally post on the Site.
All other uses of copyrighted material, including any derivative use, requires express prior written permission from FRVR. Any reproduction or redistribution of materials not in accordance with these Terms is expressly prohibited and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
FRVR and/or its licensors remain the owners of right, title, and interest, including copyrights and other intellectual property rights, in and to all materials posted on the Services by FRVR. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by using the Service or by accessing any materials posted on the Service by
FRVR, or any derivative works thereof.
FRVR grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited scope license to use the Service solely for the purpose of viewing and using the applicable Services and for no other purpose whatsoever. Your license to use the Services is limited by these Terms.
User Content
You agree that you are willingly publishing the content on the Service using technology and tools provided by FRVR. You understand and agree that you may not distribute, sell, transfer or license this content and/or application in any manner, in any country, or on any social network or other medium without the explicit written permission of FRVR. You grant FRVR the right to act as an agent on your behalf as operator of the application.
Any data, text, graphics, photographs and their selection and arrangement, (hereinafter "User Content") uploaded to the Service are subject, whether in whole or in part, to unlimited commercial, non-commercial and/or promotional use by FRVR. Text, graphics, and photographs are uploaded by you and are the sole responsibility of the person from whom the User Content originated. Thus, users are responsible, and FRVR is not responsible for any files users upload, post, or otherwise make available. FRVR may or may not regulate User Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, quality, or integrity of any User Content posted via the FRVR service. By using FRVR you acknowledge and accept that you may be exposed to material you find offensive or objectionable. You agree that FRVR will not under any circumstances be liable for any User Content, including, but not limited to, errors in any User Content, or any loss or damage incurred by use of the User Content.
FRVR reserves the right to remove and permanently delete any User Content from the Service with or without notice.
Virtual Currencies & Goods
The Service may include an opportunity to purchase virtual, in-game currency ("Virtual Currency") that may require you to pay a fee using "real money" to obtain the Virtual Currency. Virtual Currency can never be redeemed for real money, goods, or any other item of monetary value from FRVR or any other party. You understand that you have no right or title in the virtual in game items or Virtual Currency.
Your purchase of Virtual Currency is final and is not refundable, exchangeable, transferable, except in FRVR sole discretion. You may not purchase, sell, or exchange Virtual Currency outside the Service. Doing so is a violation of the Terms and may result in termination of your account with the Service and/or legal action.
FRVR retains the right to modify, manage, control and/or eliminate Virtual Currency at its sole discretion. Prices and availability of virtual in game goods are subject to change without notice.
Rules of Conduct/Usage
The FRVR Service may provide communication channels such as forums, communities, or chat areas ("Communication Channels") designed to enable you to communicate with other Service users. FRVR has no obligation to monitor these communication channels but it may do so and reserves the right to review materials posted to the Communication Channels and to remove any materials, at any time, with or without notice for any reason, at its sole discretion. FRVR may also terminate or suspend your access to any Communication Channels at any time, without notice, for any reason. You acknowledge that chats, postings, or materials posted by users on the Communication Channels are neither endorsed nor controlled by FRVR, and these communications should not be considered reviewed or approved by FRVR. FRVR will not under any circumstances be liable for any activity within Communication Channels.
You agree that all your communications with the Communication Channels are public, and thus you have no expectation of privacy regarding your use of the Communication Channels. FRVR is not responsible for information that you choose to share on the Communication Channels, or for the actions of other users.
You agree that your use of the Service shall be lawful and that you will comply with the usage rules. In furtherance of the foregoing, and as an example and not as a limitation, you agree not to use the Service in order to:
post, upload, transmit or otherwise disseminate information that is obscene, indecent, vulgar, pornographic, sexual or otherwise objectionable
defame, libel, ridicule, mock, stalk, threaten, harass, intimidate or abuse anyone, hateful, racially, ethnically or, in a reasonable person's view, otherwise offensive or objectionable
upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or transmit) files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or data, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Service or other users' computers
violate the contractual, personal, intellectual property or other rights of any party including using, uploading, transmitting, distributing, or otherwise making available any information made available through the Service in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other right of any party (including rights of privacy or publicity)
attempt to obtain passwords or other private information from other members
improperly use support channels or complaint buttons to make false reports to FRVR
develop, distribute, or publicly inform other members of “auto” software programs, “macro” software programs or other "cheat utility" software program or applications in violation of the applicable License Agreements
exploit, distribute or publicly inform other members of any game error, miscue or bug which gives an unintended advantage
violate any applicable laws or regulations, or promote or encourage any illegal activity including, but not limited to, hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software, or cheats or hacks for the Service
Disclaimer of Warranty; Limitation of Liability
You agree that your use of the Service shall be at your sole risk. To the fullest extent permitted by law, FRVR, its officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the service and your use thereof including implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement, accuracy, authority, completeness, usefulness, and timeliness. FRVR makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the content of the Service of the content of any sites linked to the Service and assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Service, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Service, (v) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through the Service by any third party, and/or (vi) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service.
In no event will FRVR, its directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and employees, be liable to you or any third person for any special, direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever including any lost profits or lost data arising from your use of the Service or other materials on, accessed through or downloaded from the Service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not FRVR has been advised of the possibility of these damages. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction. You specifically acknowledge that FRVR shall not be liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. You agree to indemnify and hold FRVR, and each of its directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and employees, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or in connection with (i) your use of and access to the Service; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; (iv) any claim that one of your User Submissions caused damage to a third party; or (v) any Content you post or share on or through the Service.
General
By visiting or using the the Service, you agree that the laws of the Malta, without regard to principles of conflict of laws and regardless of your location, will govern these Terms of Service and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and FRVR. Any claim or dispute between you and FRVR that arises in whole or in part from your use of the Service shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Copenhagen, Denmark, and you hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in the of Copenhagen, Denmark. FRVR reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service for any changes. Your use of FRVR following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. YOU AND FRVR AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Last modified on June 16, 2023
Change the Game, Forever.
61 Saint Paul Street
Valletta VLT 1212
Malta
Terms
Privacy
GDPR
DMCA
Complaints
Games
Contact
Support
About Us
Careers
Browse Games
© 2023 FRVR.