HEYYO GAME
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Game Management Regulations
PRIVACY POLICY
1.The Information We Collect
iOS, Android, and Kindle Platforms When you use any of the HEYYO GAME games or applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware
                                type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, your email address, and your location (based on your Internet
                                Protocol (“IP”) address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Platform. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the HEYYO GAME games you are playing.
2. Game Center
You may connect your HEYYO GAME user account to Apple’s Game Center ("SN Service"). We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service. The information
                                we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6)
                                email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to HEYYO GAME’s game(s).
3. Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with HEYYO GAME’s games and notify you about company news and promotions.
4. Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files.
5. Other Collection
We may also acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Platform, (2) your participation in surveys regarding the Platform or (3) your participation in a sweepstakes or contest
                                through the Platform.
6. Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that we transfer to your computer and/or device, to identify a user's computer/device and to "remember" things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password.Information
                                contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our Platform, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Platform easier to use.You can disable
                                cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Platform.
We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer/device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies associate your
                                computer/device with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Platform and third party sites
                                and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection
                                practices of these third party advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technology.
7. Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics and Flurry. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect
                                and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information,
                                and IP address.
HEYYO GAME.Company reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any claim otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
8. TERMINATION, CANCELLATION, INTERRUPTION AND DISCONTINUATION OF SERVICE
Termination
Either you or Company may terminate or cancel your membership at any time. You understand and agree that the cancellation of your membership is your sole right and remedy with respect to any dispute with Company, except for
                                refunds expressly provided for in the Cancellation and Discontinuation of Service sections below. This includes, but is not limited to, any dispute related to, or arising out of: (1) any term of this Agreement or Company's
                                enforcement or application of this Agreement; (2) any policy or practice of Company including its Privacy Policy, operation of the HEYYO GAME, or Company's enforcement or application of its policies or Behavior Guidelines;
                                (3) the content available through the Services or HEYYO GAME or any change in content so provided; (4) your ability to access and/or use Services or the HEYYO GAME; or (5) the amount or type of fees, surcharges, applicable
                                taxes, billing methods, or any change to the fees, applicable taxes, surcharges or billing methods. Company reserves the right to deny or immediately terminate membership to anyone whom Company determines to be a sex offender
                                or deems a threat in any way to other users, and may cancel your account and all Associated Accounts.
Cancellation
To cancel membership, email cs@service-cs.heyyogame.com. Company reserves the right to collect fees, surcharges or costs incurred before you cancel your membership. In addition, you are responsible for any charges incurred
                                to third-party vendors or content providers prior to your cancellation. In the event that your account is terminated or cancelled, no refund will be granted, except for refunds expressly provided for in the Discontinuation
                                of Service section below; no online time or other credits (e.g., points in an online game or any Objects or Currencies purchased, won, or earned) will be credited to you, nor can they be converted to cash or other form
                                of reimbursement. You may not allow former members whose memberships have been terminated to use your accounts. Any delinquent or unpaid accounts or unresolved issues relating to former membership must be resolved before
                                Company will permit you to have a new membership. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination of this Agreement do survive its termination, including, but not limited to, provisions
                                on ownership, proprietary rights, warranty disclaimers and liability and remedy limitations.
Interruption of Service
Company reserves the right to interrupt the Service with or without prior notice for any reason or no reason. You agree that Company will not be liable for any interruption of the Service, delay or failure to perform and that
                                Company is not obligated to refund monies for example, subscription fees or currency purchases.
Discontinuation of Service
In the event Company permanently discontinues Service or terminates this Agreement other than for a breach of this Agreement by you or other cause, Company may, upon your request, refund your previous thirty days' purchases
                                of subscription fees and Currencies. Said refund is limited to purchases made in the thirty days prior to the permanent discontinuation of the Service and only applies to purchases you made directly from Company, not via
                                any third-party, other members or any other source. Any Currency refund applies to purchases of Currencies, whether or not those Currencies are still in your possession. In no event will refunds be granted for Currencies
                                that were not obtained through direct purchase from Company. Refunds must be requested within fifteen days of the discontinuation and will be paid within thirty days of receiving the request. Requests should be sent to
                                Customer Support.
Subscribe the [Automatically Renew] Service
After you subscribe this service, your account will be deducted on every month of billing date; if you want to cancel, please cancel the service at least 24 hours before the billing date.
1.For Apple users:
Open the Settings app. → Tap your name. → Tap Subscriptions. → Tap the subscription that you want to manage. → Tap Cancel Subscription. If you don’t see Cancel, the subscription is already canceled and won't renew.
2.For Google Play users:
On your Android phone or tablet, open the Google Play Store. → Tap Menu Menu and then Subscriptions. → Select the subscription you want to cancel. → Tap Cancel subscription; Or go to link: https://pay.google.com/payments Select
                                the [Subscription and Service] → Select the subscription you want to cancel. → Tap [Cancel subscription].
9. NON-DISCLOSURE
You shall keep confidential and not disclose to any third party or use (except as part of using the Services and any HEYYO GAME Environment) any non-public information obtained from Company or as part of your use of the Services
                                and any HEYYO GAME Environment (Confidential Information). This restriction will not apply to information that you can document is publicly available, or becomes publicly available, through no act or omission of yours.
                                Due to the unique nature of Confidential Information, you agree there can be no adequate remedy at law for breach of this Section and that such breach would cause irreparable harm to Company; therefore, Company shall be
                                entitled to seek immediate injunctive relief, without an obligation to post a bond in addition to whatever remedies it might have at law or under this Agreement. This restriction shall remain in effect even after the termination
                                of your membership until all Confidential Information becomes publicly available.
10. LAW AND LEGAL NOTICES
This Agreement, in conjunction with any other agreements governing your use of the Service, such as the Behavior Guidelines and Privacy Policy, represents your entire agreement with Company. You agree that this Agreement is
                                not intended to confer and does not confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the parties to this Agreement. You also understand and agree that the Company's policies and Behavior Guidelines, including, but
                                not limited to its Privacy Policy and Behavior Guidelines for any HEYYO GAME Environment, including Company's enforcement of these policies and Behavior Guidelines, is not intended to confer, and does not confer, any rights
                                or remedies upon any person. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions
                                of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
11. DELETE DATA
Request to delete data: If you log in to this game platform through your Facebook account and delete your Facebook account information, you can click on Settings and Privacy→Settings→Apps and Websites on the Facebook app/website and find the application you want to delete data in the app and website Or select a website, and then click on Remove.
The previous paragraph is the method to delete Facebook account. To delete personal information of accounts other than Facebook accounts, please contact cs@service-cs.heyyogame.com
Terms of Service
1. Acceptance to the Terms of Service
- This terms of agreement (“Terms of Service”) governs the relationship between you and HEYYO GAME Corporation and its affiliates (hereinafter “HEYYO GAME” or “Us” or “We”) regarding the use of HEYYO GAME games, websites, forum
                                and other existing services (the “Service”)
- You must agree to represent that you are 13 years of age or older to use the Service. You may not download, use the Service, or create an Account if you are under the age of 13
- If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, or under the age of majority where you live, you may not use the Service unless your parents or legal guardians review this Terms of Service and agree upon it on your behalf
- When you use the Service, you represent that you understand the Terms of Service and agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions in the Terms of Service. If you do not agree to the Terms of Service, you must not
                                use the Service
- HEYYO GAME reserves the right to modify the Terms of Service by posting updated versions at any time at its sole discretion. If you disagree to any part of the then-current Terms of Service, you must discontinue using the
                                Service
- You are responsible for the maintenance of your own device and must take immediate action to secure the Account if it is believed to have been lost, stolen, or is otherwise being used by a third party
2. Limited License Grant
- Subject to your agreement and continuing compliance with the Terms of Service and any other relevant HEYYO GAME policies, HEYYO GAME grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable limited license
                                subject to the limitations below to access and use the Service or your own non-commercial entertainment purposes. You agree not to use the Service for any other purpose
- You are fully responsible in taking care of your own device and Account, especially for any unauthorized use of the Service or any use of your credit card or other payment method (e.g. PayPal) by minors
- License covers the updates, expansions, and additional components provided by HEYYO GAME
- If you are a convicted felon or have previously been banned from the Service, you may not use the Service
3. Code of Conduct
- You agree to comply with the followings (“Code of Conduct”): Comply with terms and conditions of third party mobile platform providers, such as Apple and Google, from whom you download the Service, including the terms regarding
                                payment for In-App purchases made through the platform
- In any circumstances, do not attempt to obtain or access to other user’s account or login information
- Not use cheats, exploits, hacks, automation software, bots, mods or any unauthorized third-party software to modify or interfere with the Service
- Not exploit, distribute or publicly inform other users of any game error, miscue, or bug which provides for an unintended disadvantage
- Not disrupt, overburden, aid or assist in the attempt to disrupt the Service or any other Service related HEYYO GAME
- Not institute, assist or become involved in any type of attack, distributing virus, or other attempts to disrupt the Service or any other user’s use of the Service
- Not post any information that is abusive, threatening, illegal, obscene, defamatory, libelous, or containing nudity, excessive violence, or racially, religiously, sexually or otherwise objectionable or offensive
- Not harass, abuse, threaten or bully any other player or HEYYO GAME employees, including HEYYO GAME’ customer service representatives
- Not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service, accounts registered or others’, or to networks from which portions of the Service are provided, including by circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or
                                modify, or assisting or encouraging any other person to circumvent or modify, any security, technology, device, or software that is part of the Service
- Not improperly use HEYYO GAME support services, including by submitting false reports
- Unless permitted by law or there are open source licenses, you will not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise try to derive the source code for any underlying software or other intellectual
                                property used to provide the Service or any HEYYO GAME game
- Through the Service, not make available any material or information that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity or other right of any person or entity or impersonates
                                any other person, including a representative or employee of HEYYO GAME
- Failure to comply with this Code of Conduct may result in the suspension of your account, where HEYYO GAME reserves the right to determine which conduct is considered to be violated and reserves the right to take action as
                                needed
4. Login Information, Account
- During the process of creating an Account, you will be required to provide a username and/or e-mail address and a password (“Login Information”)
- You shall not share your Account or Login Information, nor let anyone else access the Account or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your Account
- You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Login Information, including all types of purchases, whether or not authorized by you
- You are fully responsible for anything that happens through the Account
- HEYYO GAME reserves the right to remove or reclaim any usernames at any time and for any reason, including but not limited to claims by a third party that a user who uses the username violates or infringes the third party’s
                                rights
5. User Content / User Interaction
- HEYYO GAME does not endorse any User Content (any form of content such as fan arts, blogs, wikis, discussion forums, posts, chats, digital images, videos, and any other forms of media that was created by users) supplied by
                                users, and each user is responsible for his or her User Content, and we expressly disclaim any implied warranties with respect to User Content
- HEYYO GAME does not, and cannot, pre-screen or monitor all User Content. HEYYO GAME is not responsible for monitoring the Service for inappropriate or illegal communications by users. Your use of the Service is at your own
                                risk. However, we reserve the right to block, remove, refuse to post or edit User Content if necessary
- The Service may include various forums, blogs, and chat features where you can post User Content, including your observations and comments on designated topics. HEYYO GAME cannot guarantee that other members will not use
                                the ideas and information that you share. Therefore, if you have an idea or information that you would like to keep confidential and/or don’t want others to use, do not post it on the Service. HEYYO GAME will not be a part
                                or hold responsibility to evaluate, use or compensate you for any ideas or information you may choose to submit
- You are solely responsible for the information that you post on, through or in connection with the Service and that you provide to others. HEYYO GAME may reject and refuse to post, or delete any User Content for any or no
                                reason, especially if the content violates the Terms of Service
- You are solely responsible for your interaction with other players with whom you interact through the Service. HEYYO GAME reserves the right, but has no obligation to become involved in any way concerning the dispute of the
                                Service. You will fully cooperate with HEYYO GAME to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper activity, including granting HEYYO GAME access to any password-protected portion of your account, without limitation
- If you have a dispute with one or more users, you shall indemnify HEYYO GAME (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and every kind of damages (actual and consequential),
                                known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes
5.1 User Generated Content License
- Regarding your User Generated Content, you hereby grant to HEYYO GAME a non-exclusive, sublicensable, irrevocable and royalty-free worldwide license under all copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, privacy and publicity
                                rights and other intellectual property rights to copy, reproduce, fix, adapt, modify, create derivative works from, manufacture, commercialize, publish, distribute, sell, license, sublicense, transfer, lease, transmit,
                                publicly display, publicly perform, or provide HEYYO GAME with access to electronically broadcast, communicate to the public by telecommunication, and display, perform, enter into computer memory, use and practice, in any
                                way (including on third-party sites and platforms such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter) without further notice to you, with or without attribution, and without the requirement of permission from or payment to you or any
                                other person or entity
- You further hereby grant to HEYYO GAME unconditional, irrevocable right to use and exploit your name, likeness and any other information or material included in any User Content, without any obligation to you. Except as prohibited
                                by law, you waive any rights of attribution and/or any moral rights you may have in your User Content, regardless of whether your User Content is altered or changed in any manner. HEYYO GAME does not claim any ownership
                                rights in your User Content and nothing in these Terms of Service is intended to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit your User Content
6. Suspensions and Termination
- HEYYO GAME may, in its sole discretion, terminate, limit, suspend, modify or delete user’s account or access to HEYYO GAME’ service and prohibit access to the game and content.
- Therefore, if you are, or HEYYO GAME suspects that you are failing to comply with any of these terms of service, or there is any actual or suspected illegal or improper use of the service, HEYYO GAME is under no obligation
                                to compensate you for any such losses or results.
- HEYYO GAME reserves the right to terminate any account that has been inactive for 180 days.
- HEYYO GAME reserves the right to stop offering and/or supporting the Service at any time, and HEYYO GAME is not required to provide refunds, benefits or any other compensation to the user related to this discontinued Service.
- You may terminate your account at any time and for any reason
7. Purchase Terms
- The Service allows you to “earn” In-Game Items. You may also use real money to purchase a license to use certain In-Game Items. In-Game Items, including “Coins,” “Crystals,” and any other virtual currencies within the Game
                                are for personal non-commercial entertainment purposes, have no independent value outside of the Game, may not be redeemed for any cash value, and is simply a measurement of your limited license
- HEYYO GAME does not control or manage the payment process; please review the relevant terms and conditions with the applicable platform provider (e.g., Apple’s iOS, Google’s Android OS, etc.) before making any In-App Purchases
- HEYYO GAME may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Items and/or Merchandise (any other goods or services) at any time, with or without notice. HEYYO GAME shall have no liability to you or any third party
                                in the event that HEYYO GAME exercises such rights
- Other than as authorized in the Service, you shall not sell, redeem or otherwise transfer Virtual Items or Merchandise to any person or entity, including but not limited to HEYYO GAME, other users or any third parties
- ALL PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF THIRD PARTY VIRTUAL CURRENCY MADE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. YOU SHOULD ACKNOWLEDGE THAT NEITHER HEYYO GAME NOR ANY MOBILE PLATFORM PROVIDER IS REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A
                                REFUND FOR ANY REASON. ONCE THE REFUND FOR A COMPLETED PURCHASE IS APPLIED, THIS REFUND IS CONSIDERED AS AN ARREAR AND HEYYO GAME RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SUSPEND THE CORRESPONDING ACCOUNT. IF THIS ARREAR IS NOT MADE UP WITHIN
                                7 CALENDAR DAYS, HEYYO GAME RESERVES THE RIGHT TO TERMINATE THE AGREEMENT OF SERVICE. UNDER THIS CIRCUMSTANCE, YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED IN-GAME ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER
                                SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY. IN THE EVENT THAT YOU DO NOT RECEIVE AN IN-GAME ITEM THAT YOU PROPERLY PURCHASED THROUGH A PLATFORM PROVIDER, YOU MAY REQUEST A REFUND DIRECTLY FROM THAT PLATFORM PROVIDER SUBJECT
                                TO THEIR REFUND POLICY
8. Entire Agreement
- The Terms of Service (including the HEYYO GAME Privacy and Cookie Policy and other Supplemental Terms incorporated by reference into this document) and any posted rules or instructions regarding a particular game, activity,
                                contest, or sweepstakes constitute the entire agreement between you and HEYYO GAME relating to your rights and obligations in the use of Services
- If there is any conflict between the Terms of Service and any other rules or instructions posted elsewhere, HEYYO GAME shall resolve the conflict in its sole discretion
- If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of the Terms of Service to be invalid or unenforceable, the other terms will not be affected
9. How to contact us
To find out more about how your Personal Information will be used please contact us through our Customer Service at cs@service-cs.heyyogame.com.
10. Complaints
We hope that you won't have any complaints about us or our Services. If you are unhappy with our use of your Personal Information then please contact our customer services department at cs@service-cs.heyyogame.com.
11. Account deletion and management:
- Expired account: For Party A's account that has not logged into the game website and not used the service for one year or more than one year with unused points in the account, Party B shall announce and notify Party A in writing or email. If Party A does not log into the website and not use the service within 30 days after the notification, Party B may delete the account and withdraw the relevant virtual game kit.
- Apply for account deletion: The request of Party A to delete the account could be applied by themselves through the Member Center → [Account Cancellation] button. Please note that this action cannot be recovered once confirmed.
Description
First Violation
Second Violation
Continuous Violations
Maliciously hindering officials from managing the game and not correcting the behavior after being expostulated (based on the seriousness of the case)
When the officials of the company are on duty, if you affect their game managing works or other works, for example, threatening GM, abusing GM with improper words, attempting to cheat or use fake information to acquire
                                        benefits, or impeaching other player by fake information, your account will get suspension.
Warn and ban to post or force off
Suspend for 3 days
Suspend for 7 days or terminate the Agreement
Hindering or disturbing other users from playing game and not correcting the behavior after being expostulated (based on the seriousness of the case)
In order to protect the game users'interests, if there is anyone repeatedly publishing any text that is defamatory, threatening, personal attack, rude, offensive, contrary to good taste, discrimination against any religion,
                                        race, nationality, sexual orientation, causing other players'delay to connect or disturbing others, we will suspend your account.
Warn and ban to post or force off
Suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
Being suspected of being involved in obtaining, buying, or selling money, items, accounts, points, etc.
If you are suspected of being involved in obtaining, buying, or selling money, items, accounts, points, etc, we will suspend your account. If these behaviors cause the losses of the company, you will be held liable
                                        for compensation according to law.
Force off and suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
Maliciously spamming the screen in the public channel (including, but not limited to, publishing any commercial behaviors and advertisements, words which are contrary to good taste of the society, laws, and regulations,
                                        or using bad words that are rude, defamatory, or insulting) (based on the seriousness of the case)
If you maliciously spam the screen in the public channel (including, but not limited to, publishing any commercial behaviors and advertisements, words which are contrary to good taste of the society, laws, and regulations,
                                        or using bad words that are rude, defamatory, or insulting), that will affect other players'interests in the game, thus, we will suspend your account.
Warn and ban to post or force off
Suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
Seriously jeopardizing the interests of the company (including publishing slanderous words, spreading lies, violation, etc)
If your statement or act seriously jeopardizes the interests of the company, we will suspend your account.
Suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
The expression in game involving violations of the legal provisions, such as compensated dating, the sale of drugs, guns, or other illegal acts
If your expression is impeached by others or discovered by the company to involve violations of the legal provisions, such as compensated dating, the sale of drugs, guns, or other illegal acts, we will suspend your
                                        account.
Force off and suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
The acts in game involving violations of Taiwan or international legal provisions, such as deception, threatening, defamation, publishing others personal information, etc
If your acts or expressions are impeached by others or discovered by the company to involve violations of the legal provisions, such as deception, threatening, defamation, publishing others'personal information, etc,
                                        we will have to terminate the Agreement of Service with you, and prosecute with related judicial organizations. If your acts cause any loss of the company, you will be held liable for compensation according to the
                                        law.
Force off and suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
Maliciously appealing or complaining and not correcting the behavior after being expostulated for several times, affecting the work of customer center or other players'interests of appeal(The complaint contents are
                                        meaningless or repeatedly sending complaints)
Maliciously appealing or complaining will affect other players'interests of appeal and the reply time, if you are involved in maliciously appealing and not correct the behavior after being expostulated for several times,
                                        we will suspend your account.
Suspend for 1 day
Suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
Impersonating the officials (including impersonating GM, impersonating the company, or using character or guild names which are misleading)
Your character name is similar to the official's name or you pretend to be related to the company (e.g. using names that are similar to GM, Customer Service, etc).
Force off and suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
Not cooperating with GM for detection
When you don't cooperate with GM for detection, we will suspend your account.
Suspend for 3 days
Suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
The use of external software (helper programs which are not provided by the official website such as automatically upgrading power levels, hardware and software accelerating) to play game
Because the illegal external software will destroy the balance of game and seriously affect other players'interests, if you use the external software to play game, we will suspend your account. If your acts cause any
                                        loss of the company, you will be held liable for compensation according to the law. The external software includes any non-official settings or helper program, helper, Quick Macro, etc.
Force off and suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
Spreading external software, information of external software, or private servers (including automatically upgrading power levels and hardware and software accelerating)
Because the illegal external software will destroy the balance of game and seriously affect other players'interest, if you spread the information of external software when playing game, we will suspend your account.
                                        If your acts cause any loss of the company, you will be held liable for compensation according to the law. The external software includes any non-official settings or helper program, helper, Quick Macro, etc.
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
-
Modifying game data, taking advantage of bugs, using Dropclock, or any hacker acts (including spreading acts)
Game settings is the most important part to maintain the quality of the game. The company takes the use of game settings of the game seriously. When you find any bug or other problem in the game, you shall contact the
                                        customer service to report the bugs. If you take advantage of these bugs to play game and spread the information of bugs, which will destroy the balance of the game and affect other players'interests, we will terminate
                                        the Agreement of Service with you. If your acts cause any loss of the company, you will be held liable for compensation according to the law.
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
-
Being involved in stealing other players'accounts, items, gold, and virtual currency
If you are involved in stealing other players'accounts, items, gold, or virtual currency, that means you are involved in affecting other players'interests, we will suspend your account before the facts are ascertained.
                                        Once the facts are ascertained, we will recover the right on the use of account for you.
Suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
Possessing illegal items
If you possess abnormal electromagnetic record in game (items or currency obtained from other players who take advantage of system errors, bugs, or plug-ins), we will retrieve the electromagnetic record and suspend
                                        your account.
Retrieve the electromagnetic record and suspend for 7 days
Retrieve the electromagnetic record and suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
Abnormal consumption record
To protect your interests, when there is a abnormal consumption record, we will suspend your account temporarily. After the abnormal situation is fixed or we ascertain the truth, we will recover the right on the use
                                        of account for you.
Suspend for 7 days
Suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
Abnormal electromagnetic record or to cooperate with the judicial investigations
To protect your interests and the investigative power of judicial authorities, if the electromagnetic record is abnormal or the judicial authorities need to investigate, we will have to suspend your account temporarily
                                        by good will. After the abnormal situation is fixed or we ascertain the truth, we will recover the right on the use of account for you.
Suspend for 7 days
Suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
Untrue member information
The personal information shall be filled in accurately, if you provide wrong information, the company will not be able to provide related services, thus, the user is is solely responsible for the follow-up problems
                                        caused by this issue. If your registered personal information has expired or there is anything requiring to be updated, we will suspend your account temporarily. After you update the accurate personal information,
                                        we will recover the right on the use of account for you.
Suspend for 7 days
Suspend for 7 days
Terminate the Agreement of Service
Stealing other player's identity to register
Use another person's personally identifiable information (including, but not limited to, phone number, address, identity number, etc) without the latter's consent to register and use the game services. Once impeached
                                        by others, we will terminate the Agreement of Service with you, and the user shall take the legal responsibility.
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
-
Trying to trade virtual items for money
If you try to trade items, gold, treasures, or account in game for money, economic goods, or account with other players, we will terminate the Agreement of Service with you. If your acts cause any loss of the company,
                                        you will be held liable for compensation according to the law. Specific statement: if you are discovered to create a character name which is related to transaction of economic goods, upgrading power levels for gamers,
                                        business advertisement acts, website, communication software, specific place, phone number, contact information, to create description of character or individual shop, to publish other company's advertisement, to
                                        carry out the sales activities, or to be involved in any situation above in game or forum, all of these conform to this regulation.
Terminate the Agreement of Service
-
-