Phone Games Studio
Phone Games Studio
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Last updated 23rd December , 2021
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by "Phone Games Studio". When you use our mobile game applications.
If you download/play our games you agree to collect, use and disclose information about you in accordance with the purposes listed below. We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time, so be sure to check it periodically.
Kids:
–Remember to be smart and safe online! Never give someone your information without first asking your parent/guardian if it is OK. Don't give anyone your photo, or tell anyone your name, email, home address, telephone, your school or any other information about you that they could use to contact you either online or in the real world.
Parents:
–We are committed to the safety and privacy of the children who use our games. We encourage parents/guardians to actively monitor their children's online activities.
Personal information
Information You Provide to Us
The App does not allow you to submit any information directly to us. If you submit any information through our website or other sites or services, please refer to the following information about how we collect, use and disclose such information:
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your computer's hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience and see which areas and features of our Services are popular. We may also collect information using web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
Individual Information:
We do not gather, store or utilize any close to home data while you visit, download or update our items.
We may utilize individual data put together by you just for the accompanying purposes: Help us create, convey, and improve our items and administrations and supply higher quality administration; oversee online reviews and different exercises you've partaken in.
In the accompanying conditions, we may reveal your own data as per your desire or guidelines by law:
Your earlier authorization
By the pertinent law inside or outside your nation of living arrangement, lawful procedure, case demands.
By solicitations from open and administrative experts
To secure our legitimate rights and interests.
Non-Personal Information
We may gather and utilize non-individual data in the accompanying conditions. To have a superior comprehension in client's conduct, take care of issues in items and administrations, improve our items, administrations, and publicizing, we may gather non-individual data, for example, introduced application name and bundle name, the date of introduce, recurrence of utilization, nation, hardware, and channel.
On the off chance that non-individual data is joined with individual data, we treat the consolidated data as close to home data for themotivations behind this Privacy Policy.
Data we get from your utilization of our administrations
We may gather data about the administrations that you use and how you use them, for example, when you see and cooperate with our substance. We may gather gadget explicit data, (for example, your equipment model, working framework form, novel gadget identifiers, and portable system data). Fotoable won't impart that data to outsiders.
Childrens' Privacy
If you permit your child to use one of our Services that is not labelled a Child Safe App, you should disable in-app purchases on your phone and actively monitor your child's use. You should also familiarise yourself with this privacy policy, as by permitting your child to use our Services you consent to this privacy policy on their behalf. If you don't agree, please do not permit your child to use our Services.
We do not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 13 without the permission of their parent/guardians. If you believe that we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental/guardian consent or delete the information.
Third Party Services
When you use our Services, you might also use third party services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Goole Play Services and Game Center. We do not control how they interact with you and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and privacy policies offered by the third party services before providing them with your information. You acknowledge that we are not liable when third party services use information you provide to them.
We encourage you to be careful about the protection of your own personal information when using third party services such as social media platforms.
We also work with certain business partners, such as other game developers and advertising partners, and information collected from you may be shared through these partnerships.
Analytic Data from Firebase or Google Analytics that been stored will be deleted after 90 days to only use data for the minimum of time.
Below is a list of some of our business partners, but not all, that we actively share user information and site usage data with:
Admob/Adsense:
–Located in United States–
Read their Privacy Policy;
UnityAds:
–Headquartered in the United States with offices throughout the Americas, Asia and Europe–
Read their Privacy Policy;
In-app Purchase
Some of our games offer in-app purchases. Examples of in-app purchases are items you can purchase (for real or in-game currency) or other additional features. If you don't want to make in-app purchases, don't use these paid-for options and consider disabling in-app purchases on your device.
Security
We takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Storage of Information
We will store your information for as long as necessary in order to provide you with the App.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. All changes here to will be made available on this website, which is why We encourages Users to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Changes here to will not prejudice Users' rights without their consent.
Contact Us
Email:
phonegame.studio@gmail.com
About Phone Games Studio
Our company develops mobile action games for iOS and Android platforms. We are constantly developing and setting ourselves new, more complex tasks each time. We are interested in using mobile devices to the maximum, creating large worlds, providing the player with a wide range of opportunities.We develop interesting projects of varying complexity.
© Copyright
Phone Games Studio
. All Rights Reserved