Privacy and Security Policy – UMURO GAME
Home
About Us
Contacts
Home
Home 1
Home 2
Home 3
Features
Contacts
About Us
News
Classic Style
Portfolio
Chess Style
Privacy and Security Policy
Home
Privacy and Security Policy
UMURO GAME
Your best software and game
Home
About Us
Contacts
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Notice is a Layered Notice. It means that this notice is designed to respond to problems with excessively long notices. A short notice — the top layer — provides you with the key elements of the privacy notice. A full notice — the bottom layer — fully covers all intricacies.
INTRODUCTION
We, Umuro Game, are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users and are aware of privacy issues that may occur through the use of our products, services, and website(s). This Privacy Notice describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including Personal Information that you provide or that we collect in connection with our website(s), including umuro.net (the “website”) or any Umuro Game Service that is provided on a mobile platform, for example, iOS and Android (collectively, the “Service”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to information about you that is collected by any third party, including any content (also advertising) that may link to or be accessible on our website or through our Services. This, shall instead be governed by such third party’s terms and policies. Any link to those websites does not constitute our sponsorship of or affiliation with those people or companies. This Privacy Notice may contain links to some of the third party’s terms and policies to facilitate your investigation.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
We make these disclosures to those visiting our website who reside in California, which supersede and replace any conflicting disclosures found elsewhere on our website.
Click the drop-down button to learn more about your Privacy Rights.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect information about you and your device as described in this Notice. Our primary goals in collecting and using such information is to operate effectively, provide you the best experiences with our Services, improve our Services, conduct research, create reports for internal use, and respond to your requests. The collection occurs while you are using our website(s), services, and/or products.
We get this data in two ways:
You provide some of this data directly or contact us for support.
Some of the data (usage data) is collected automatically. This data is mostly non-personal. Usage data is collected by recording how you interact with our products and services.
Click the drop-down button to learn why such collection of information occurs, what kind of information we collect, and how we use it.
DATA SHARING
We respect and protect your private information. We restrict access to Personal Information for Company employees, contractors, and agents who need this information to perform their job duties. Those who have access to Personal Information are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations.
However, we cannot ensure absolute security. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
Click the drop-down button to learn when your Personal Information may be shared or disclosed.
EMAIL COMMUNICATION
We will send you important administrative and transactional messages (i.e., service notifications).
Click the drop-down button to learn more about other possible email communications between you and our Company.
COOKIES
Umuro Game collects some information by using cookies. A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the website. As a result, the website remembers your actions and preferences and helps us collect data.
Click the drop-down button to learn more about cookies, how and why we use them.
ONLINE ADVERTISING
We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geolocation information, and IP address. They may use this information to provide more personalized advertisements to you. We may use the Android advertising identifier.
Click the drop-down button to learn more about online advertising and links that our Service may contain.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL/NON-PERSONAL DATA AND ACCESS TO IT
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes that are outlined in this Privacy Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. For example, we may keep certain information even after you stop using our Service if it is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce this agreement.
Click the drop-down button to learn more about Umuro Game data retention process, how to instruct us to delete all information about you, and how to access to your Personal Information.
INFORMATION SECURITY
Security, integrity, and confidentiality of your information are important to us. We take them very seriously and do our best to secure your information. But remember that the Internet is not a secure environment, so we encourage you to be vigilant about protecting the confidentiality of your information.
We have already implemented a number of security features that are intended to help prevent the unauthorized release of or access to the user information that we collect.
Click the drop-down button to learn more about information security features that we have already implemented, and features that we are going to implement.
PRIVACY SETTINGS
We fully respect your privacy and will use the minimum personal data required to provide you with our services, improve our products and services and personalize our recommendations. You can review and manage your privacy settings by contacting our Customer Support via email.
Click on the drop-down button to learn more about the process of managing your privacy settings.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
Personal Information that is collected via the Umuro Game website(s) will generally be governed by the version of the Notice in effect at the time the information was gathered. However, we may, in our discretion, change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. Your continued use of the Umuro Game website(s) following the posting of any changes to this Notice means that you accept such changes. This Notice is effective as of the date that is set forth above.
We recommend you periodically review this Privacy Notice to stay informed about how we collect, use, and share Personal Information.
UMURO © Copyright 2023
Follow Us
Fresh Updates
Gamezone Newsletter
Leave this field empty if you're human: