Privacy Policy - Promineo Studios
Games
Garfield: SnackTime
Garfield: FoodTruck
Careers
About us
Contact
Seleccionar página
PRIVACY POLICY
ESSENTIAL INFORMATION ON DATA PROTECTION
Party responsible
GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L.  + info
Purpose
Address the requests made through the website, manage the sending of information, manage your online purchases, user registration, send the subscribed newsletter, publish and control comments in our blog + info
Legitimation
Consent of the interested party and execution of a contract/advance contract + info
Recipients
Data shall not be disclosed to third parties unless legally required or if it is necessary to attend to your request + info
Rights
You can exercise the rights of access, rectification, deletion and objection, limitation of the treatment, data portability and to refuse to be subject to individual automated decisions. +info
Additional information
You can consult the additional information on Data protection in our website. +info
Henceforth, GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L., commits itself to the compliance with the current legislation at all times with regard to the treatment of personal data. By means of the following privacy policy, GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L., in conformity with the requirements of the GDPR (General Regulations on Data Protection), informs its clients of the following:
1.  WHO IS THE PARTY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE TREATMENT OF YOUR DATA?
The party responsible for the treatment of your data is GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L.:
Identity
GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. – B76551258
Address
Avenida De La Trinidad, 61 Torre Profesor Agustín Arévalo, Planta 5, Campus Central, 38204 – San Cristóbal de la Laguna
Web
www.promineostudios.com
E-mail
info@promineostudios.com
Data protection officer
Aixa Corpore, S.L.
E-mail
aixa2338@dpocanarias.com
GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. informs the user that the data provided in the navigation through our website, the contact form or the sending of e-mails, shall be treated by GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. and said treatment is listed in the register of treatment activities managed by GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR.
2.  WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
In
www.promineostudios.com when the user accepts our privacy policy, he/she authorises us to use and treat the provided personal data to:
-Send him/her information and provide the requested service through the many forms available in our website.
-Send him information about the offers and the requested products and services.
-Occasionally, GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. may use your personal data to send you notifications via e-mail. Said notifications shall be made to inform about the modifications in our services or products or in our policies and legal conditions.
-Send you commercial communications on offers, activities and promotions of GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. and the sector that might be of your interest by conventional or electronic means if you have marked the box indicating that you wish to receive information.
www.promineostudios.com also gathers information of the website users that is not directly provided by them, but through cookies and data storage and retrieval devices. The data collected by cookies and other devices shall be used for statistical studies and profile analysis with the aim to provide a better service through our website, and to this end, the application GOOGLE ANALYTICS shall be used, which is a Google tool to help the website owners to analyse how their visitors interact. You can obtain further information on your privacy policy at :
https://www.google.es/intl/es_ALL/analytics/learn/privacy.html
The tool that we use for our commercial publicity and research is GOOGLE ADWORDS. You can obtain more information on the privacy policy at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=es
Google, including all its tools, complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield framework, in conformity with the provisions of the Commerce Department of the United States regarding collection, use and storage of the personal information of member countries of the European Union.
www.promineostudios.com shall take at all times the adequate steps to obtain the consent of the User for the installation of cookies requiring it. When a user accesses our website, a pop-up appears and informs the user of the existence of cookies and that if he/she continues navigating through our website, he/she gives his/her consent to the installation of cookies. Accepting the installation of cookies entails the acceptance of the storage of the IP address in the registers of
www.promineostudios.com
, along with the acceptance date, for the period of one year, with the purpose of proving the given consent. You can obtain more information in our “Cookies Policy”.
3.  WHAT IS THE LEGITIMATION FOR THE TREATMENT OF YOUR DATA?
The legitimation for the treatment of your data by GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. is based on:
The
consent of the user
for the sending of the newsletter and commercial communications on the offers, activities and promotions of GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. and the sector that might be of your interest and the management of our blog. The user can revoke at any time the given consent.
4.  FOR HOW LONG DO WE STORE YOUR DATA?
The data to send you information or provide the service requested through the many forms available in our website, to manage your online purchase through our platform, and your user registration, shall be kept during the time of the contractual relationship and once that it ends, during the periods prescribed by law.
Regarding the cookies storage period, you can obtain more information in our website in the section “Cookies policy”
5.  WHICH TYPE OF USER DATA DO WE TREAT?
GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. treats the following data categories:
Data of the users navigating through our website: Data provided by the cookies and Google Analytics.
6.  WHO ARE THE RECIPIENTS TO WHOM YOUR DATA SHALL BE COMMUNICATED?
Data shall not be communicated to third parties unless legally required or if it is necessary to attend to your request.
7.  WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS AND HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE THEM?
The user can exercise the following rights before GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L.:
Access to your personal data
Rectificate it if it is inaccurate or incomplete
Request the deletion or cancellation of the data when, among other reasons, it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected
Object to their treatment
Request the limitation of the treatment of your data in the cases established in the regulations
Request the portability of your data in the cases established in the regulations
Refuse to be subject to automated decisions
Revoke the given consents
In order to exercise his/her rights, the user must send a written document indicating the right that he/she wishes to exercise and enclose a document certifying his/her identity and the postal or electronic address for notification purposes. This request may be done through postal mail to: GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. Avenida De La Trinidad, 61 Torre Profesor Agustín Arévalo, Planta 5, Campus Central, 38204 – Laguna, La, or at the following e-mail address: info@promineostudios.com
GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. must answer to the request of the exercise of rights
within a month
from reception of the request. Said term can be extended for another two months if necessary, according to the complexity and number of requests. We shall inform you of any extension within a month from reception of the request, stating the reasons for the delay.
Likewise, the interested parties have the right to complain to the appropriate Control Authority (Spanish Agency of Data Protection) if they consider that GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. has violated the rights that the data protection regulations grant them in
www.aepd.es
8.  IS MY DATA SECURE?
GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. has a contract in force with the Hosting company
SERED HOSTING PROFESIONAL
for the hosting of its website. It is a European company and it has the latest systems regarding security measures.
GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. guarantees the adoption of appropriate measures to ensure the confidential treatment of your data, in consideration of its reserved nature.
GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. commits itself to keeping said data secret, treating it with the utmost care, and it declares that it has implemented in its information system the security policies corresponding to the type of data treated in accordance with the provisions of the REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of April 27, 2016 regarding protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (GDPR).
All the data is provided in our platform through a secure protocol. Our website has an SSL certificate that allows the establishment of an encrypted connection when a user visits our website and exchanges information with us.
9.  LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
If you choose to leave our website through links to other websites that do not belong to us, GRUPO PROMINEO, S.L. assumes no responsibility with regard to the privacy policies of said websites nor with regard to the cookies that these websites may store in the computer of the user.
Version: 2.1
Date: 18/02/21
© 2019 All rights reserved
Cookie Policy
|
|
Privacy Policy
|
|
Legal Notice
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Cookie settings
ACCEPT
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necesarias
Siempre activado
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.