Privacy Policy - Rockbite Games
Privacy Policy - Rockbite Games
Rockbite Games
Menu
Home
Blog
Deep Town
Sandship
Careers
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: December 29, 2019
PRIVACY POLICY FOR ROCKBITE LLC GAMES
The terms used in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as in the Terms of Use, unless noted otherwise.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.  Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register with, access, or use the Game and/or Site. By downloading, registering with, accessing, or using the Game and/or Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of or access to the Game and/or Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates, available at the following link: [LINK TO TERMS OF USE].This Privacy Policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.  The supplement for California residents is available [here], and the supplement for Nevada residents is available [here].  References to Privacy Policy herein shall mean to include any other privacy policies and/or notices of the Company that are relevant to you.
Contact Us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through the game so we can reply to you more quickly.
Name of the controller
: Rockbite LLC
Address
: 1200 South Brand Boulevard, #210, Glendale, CA 91204, United States of America
Email
:
legal@rockbitegames.com
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.  It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
–
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, date of birth, and gender.
–
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address, and telephone numbers.
–
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
–
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
–
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
–
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our Site, products, and services.
–
Marketing and Communications
Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use, and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Game feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We collect information from and about users of the Game and/or Site:
– Directly from you when you provide it to us;
– Automatically when you use the Game and/or Site; and
– Data we collect from our partners.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
When you download, register with, access or use the Game and/or Site, we may ask you to provide information (a) by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address, or any other personal or personally identifiable information under applicable law (“personal information“), and/or (b) that is about you but individually does not identify you.
This information includes, without limitation:
– Information that you provide by filling in forms in the Game and/or Site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use or access the Game and/or Site, subscribing to a service, and posting material. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with the Game and/or Site;
– Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us;
– Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes;
– Transaction Data, as provided above. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through the Game and/or Site; however, this financial information will not be accessible to us; and
– Your search queries on the Game and/or Site.
Your User Contributions may be published or posted publicly and transmitted to others at your own risk.  Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of third parties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
AUTOMATIC INFORMATION COLLECTION AND TRACKING
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:
– Cookies (or mobile cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on your device. Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Game and/or Site, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your settings, but some parts of the Game and/or Site may then not function properly; and
– Web Beacons. Pages of the Game and/or Site and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related Game and/or Site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Game and/or Site content and verifying system and server integrity).
DATA WE COLLECT FROM OUR PARTNERS
THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION COLLECTION
When you use or access the Game and/or Site or its/their content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device. These third parties may include, without limitation: advertisers, ad networks, and ad servers; analytics companies; your mobile device manufacturer; your mobile service provider.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Game and/or Site work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to:
– Create accounts and allow you to play our Game, access its contents, and access or use our services and/or Site,
– Operate our services
– Verify and confirm payments
– At our discretion, provide and deliver products, services, and any other information you reasonably request
– Send you Game- and/or Site-related communications, such as when updates are available, and of changes to any products or services we offer or provide through the Game and/or Site
– Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information
– Give you notices about your account
– Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
To make the Game and/or Site more suitable for our players and Users.
To provide a great Game and/or Site to our players and Users, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:
– Update and develop player profiles
– Develop and improve the Game and/or Site and player and user experience
– Manage our relationship with you
– Provide social features as part of the Game and/or Site
– Customize your Game and/or Site experience according to your individual interests, such as through storing information about your preferences and recognizing you when you use or access the Game and/or Site
– Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
– Provide you offers in the Game and/or Site as well as in other websites and services, and by email
– Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
– Enable you to communicate with other players
– Speeding up your searches
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Game and/or Site as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
– Track the content you access in connection with the Game and/or Site and your online behavior
– Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Game and/or Site
This may include advertisements on third parties’ goods and services which we believe may be of interest to you. For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section ‘Your rights and options’ below.
To keep the Game and/or Site safe and fair.
Ensuring a level playing field in the Game is a top priority for us. For more information on our acceptable use policy, see our Terms of Service.
In order to keep the Game and/or Site and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
– Analyze and monitor use of the Game and/or Site and its social features
– Moderate chats either automatically or manually
– Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data, including for the purpose of estimating our audience size and usage patterns.
With your consent.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to show you local events.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual or device, without restriction.
In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:
– To other players and users of the Game and/or Site. Social features are a core component of the Game and/or Site. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted;
– To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
– To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, who may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices;
– To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Rockbite LLC’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Rockbite LLC about the Game and/or Site users is among the assets transferred;
– To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures;
– To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
– With your consent;
– To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, including in order to combat fraud and illegal activity;
– To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
– If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of – Rockbite LLC, our customers, players or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
Additionally, we may use the information we collect to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
DATA SECURITY
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through the Game and/or Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Our Game, Site, and services are global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this privacy policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
DATA RETENTION
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Game and/or Site. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use or access our Game and/or Site. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.  If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at the contact information provided above.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please let us know.
Your legal rights
You have the right to:
–
Opt-out
of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
–
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
–
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
–
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
–
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
–
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
– If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
– Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
– Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
– You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
–
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
–
Withdraw consent
at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. You can withdraw your consent, for example, by turning off GPS location sharing in your Device settings.
Privacy Notice for Nevada Residents
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
This
Privacy Notice for Nevada Residents
supplements the information contained in our general Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of Nevada (
“consumers” or “you”
).  Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “personally identifiable information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Personally identifiable information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.
We do not engage in such activity; however, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to opt out of any potential future sales under Nevada law by emailing legal@rockbitegames.com. Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Once verified, we will maintain your request in the event our practices change.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
This
Privacy Notice for California Residents
supplements the information contained in our general Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California
(“consumers” or “you”)
. It applies to Personal Data we collect as a business.  We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.  Any terms not defined here or in the CCPA shall have the definition provided in the Terms of Use (add link).
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (
“personal information”
). Personal information does not include: publicly available information from government records; deidentified or aggregated consumer information; information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data, or personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from our consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Categories of Personal Information
A. Identifiers (such as name, address, email address)
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). (such as name, address, telephone number, education, and employment)
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law (such as age (40 years or older)
F. Internet or other similar network activity (such as your interaction with the Game)
G. Geolocation data (such as physical location or movements)
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information (such as a profile reflecting a person’s preferences, behavior, and attitudes)
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
– Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
– Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Game.
– Internet cookies
– Other sources described in our Privacy Policy.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
– To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, to provide use and access of the Game to you.
– To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Game.
– To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
– To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
– To personalize your Game experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers through our Game, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
– To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Game, databases and other technology assets, and business.
– For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Game.
– To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
– As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
– To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
– Service providers
– Data aggregators
– Advertisers
– Affiliates and partners
– Internet cookie data recipients, like Google Analytics
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
– Service providers
– Data aggregators
– Advertisers
– Affiliates and partners
– Internet cookie data recipients, like Google Analytics
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has not sold personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
– The categories of personal information we collected about you.
– The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
– Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
– The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
– The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
– If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
– sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
– disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
1. Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of your use of our services, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
2. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
3. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
4. Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
5. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
6. Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
7. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
8. Comply with a legal obligation.
9. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
– Emailing us at legal@com
– Through your password-protected account with us
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please provide us with written authorization for the agent to act on your behalf. You will still need to verify your identity directly with us.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
– Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include you name, address, email address, and other identifiers.
– Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  However, we do consider requests made through your password-protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
You have the right to opt out of our sale(s) of your personal information. Please be advised that we do not currently sell personal information. This opt-out, however, would apply to the extent we began to engage in sales of personal information governed by the CCPA.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
– Deny you goods or services.
– Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
– Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
– Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
California Shine The Light
We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice and update the notice’s effective date.  Your continued use of our Game following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which the Company collects and uses your information described here and in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Website: www.rockbitegames.com
Email: legal@rockbitegames.com
Postal Address:
Rockbite LLC
Attn: Manager
1200 South Brand Boulevard, #210
Glendale, CA 91204
United States of America
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page.
The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Terms of Use
⋅
Privacy Policy
⋅
© Rockbite Games, 2023. All rights reserved.