Privacy Policy
- Cooking Simulator -
Nesalis Games sp. z o.o., is a Polish corporation, with its registered office in Bielsko-Biała (address:  ul. Wyzwolenia 113, 43-300 Bielsko-Biała,, Poland) entered in the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register by the District Court in Bielsko-Biała, VIII Commercial Division of the National Court Register under number KRS 0000696731; tax identification number (NIP) 5472184553, with a subscribed and paid-up capital of PLN 106,600.00 (hereinafter
referred to as:
Nesalis Games sp. z o.o.
or
Nesalis Games
).
Nesalis Games sp. z o.o. is the data controller and respects your privacy and provides you with this Privacy Policy (hereinafter
referred to as:
Privacy Policy
) so that you understand the ways in which we do and do not use the personal data you transmit when accessing and playing the game
Cooking Simulator
, accessing and using the websites, platforms and related services (hereinafter
referred to as:
the Game
).
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR PLAY THE GAME.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to personal data submitted and collected online through or in relation to the Game and game platforms, and does not apply to personal data that may be collected by Nesalis Games or its affiliates offline or otherwise.
To provide the Game, we will share your data with some or all of the following third parties depending on how you use the Game:
The personal data processors, which will process personal data on Nesalis Games behalf (hereinafter
referred to as:
Third Party Processor(s)
):
Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, for storing and processing personal data; and/or
Facebook, Inc. 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 91025, USA,
Tenjin, 476 Jackson St, 3rd floor, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA,
Dev2Dev LLC, Antakalnio g. 17, LT-10312 Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania
Unity Technologies Finland OY, Kaivokatu 8 B, 00100 Helsinki, Finland
IronSource, 121 Menachem Begin, Azrieli Sarona Tower, Tel Aviv
AppLovin Corporation, 849 High St.,Palo Alto, CA 94301, United States
When connecting the Game to certain third party services (hereinafter
referred to as:
Connected Service Provider(s)
):
AppStore known as Apple Inc. 1 Infinite Loop Cupertino, CA 95014, for storing and processing personal data (hereinafter
referred to as:
AppStore
);
Google Play Store known as Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, for storing and processing personal data (hereinafter
referred to as:
Google Play Store
),
Facebook, Inc. 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 91025, USA
.
Depending on the platform you use to play the Game (hereinafter
referred to as:
the Platform Service Provider(s)
):
AppStore;
Google Play Store.
To provide payment services for purchases made within the context of the Game (hereinafter
referred to as: the
Payment Service Provider(s)
):
Google Pay known as Google LLC;
Apple Inc.
Tools to ensure the collection of analytical and advertising data (hereinafter
referred to as:
the Tools
) made available by the third parties (hereinafter
referred to also as: the Partners and Third Party):
Google Firebase (https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy);
Unity Analytics (https://unity3d.com/legal/gdpr);
Tenjin (https://www.tenjin.io/privacy/);
DevToDev (https://www.devtodev.com/policy);
Facebook Audience (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/)
Google AdMob (https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)
IronSource (https://www.ironsrc.com/blog/ironsource-mobile-gdpr-ready/)
AppLovin (https://www.applovin.com/terms/)
UnityAds (https://unity3d.com/legal/gdpr)
CAN CHILDREN USE THE GAME?
No one under the age of 16 should send any personal data about himself/herself through the Game to Nesalis Games without the permission of his/her parent or guardian. We believe it is important to safeguard the privacy of children and encourage parents to regularly monitor their children’s use of online activities. If you are a parent and believe that your child under the age of 16 has accessed and/or played the Game and provided personal data to us, please contact us of the mailing address at the end of the Privacy Policy and we will work to delete that account and any such personal data.
1. Personal data that Nesalis Games collects
In order to access and play the Game you must create an account on the Game’s web page or on the Platform Service Provider(s) platform that hosts the Game. To create an account, you are required to provide certain personal data. This is mandatory in order to be able to establish an account.
Nesalis Games and/or the Payment Service Provider(s) collects personal data relating to financial information on the terms and conditions set out in the Privacy Policy and/or in privacy policies of the Payment Service Provider(s). Nesalis Games does not use this financial information for any purpose other than processing payments.
Legal basis for using personal data related to financial information
We collect and process this personal data in order to provide you with the Game and fulfill our contractual obligation to you.
Further, you may, but are not required to, provide certain voluntary personal data such as date of birth, screen name, your personal profile in the Game, interests in and use of various products and services, and any other personal or preference data which you may choose to voluntarily provide.
Nesalis Games will also collect and process other types of personal data when you interact with the Game online, such as the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using; the IP address or other unique identifiers such as a device identifier of your device(s) that are used to access the Game. Such personal data will be collected and processed irrespective of whether you only access the Game or if you actually play the Game.
Legal basis for using personal data related to your technical use
We collect and process this personal data in order to provide you with the best user experience possible and the legal basis for this is legitimate interest.
Nesalis Games will also collect and process certain personal data when you as an account holder interact with the Game. The personal data is then derived from your personal profile, the relationships you form in the Game, the messages you send, the groups you form, the events you set up, the applications you add and the information you transmit through various channels.
Legal basis for using personal data related to your account
We collect and process this personal data in order to provide you with the best user experience and the legal basis for this is legitimate interest.
If you choose to use any invitation service to tell a friend about the Game, Nesalis Games will ask you to provide personal data needed to send the invitation, such as your friend’s email address etc., what a friend agrees to. Nesalis Games will automatically send your friend a one-time email or instant message inviting him or her to visit the Game. Nesalis Games stores this personal data to send this one-time invitation, to register a friend connection if your invitation is accepted, and to track the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact Nesalis Games to request that Nesalis Games remove this personal data from its database.
Legal basis for using personal data of referrals
We collect and process this personal data in order to provide our services to referrals. The legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest.
If you have purchased the Game through a Platform Service Provider, it will provide us with your unique Player-ID.
Nesalis Games is always looking for ways to improve your experience in the Game. Nesalis Games  may at times solicit additional personal data to offer new games, products and services that may be of interest to you.
2. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
When you register an account in the Game, you create your own profile and privacy settings.
Your name, email and profile picture
may be displayed to others in the networks, depending on your privacy settings.
Nesalis Games will from time to time send you Game related announcements through the general operation of the Game, including product placements in the Game. Further, we may occasionally use your name and email address to send you information that we think is of interest to you, including information regarding the Game, new products and services, updates, campaigns, promotions, faults, issues relating to technical aspects and/or the usability of the Game and payment methods offered. This includes sales offers and advertising regarding our games, products and services and/or business. We may also send out surveys.
Regardless of your setting for email announcements, Nesalis Games will send you notices about changes to your account.
Generally, the personal data collected by Nesalis Games will only be used for the particular purpose for which it was collected. However, Nesalis Games may also transfer, disclose and/or share your personal data with partners, affiliates and other third parties who facilitate the operations of the Game (e.g. processing orders and payments). These third parties only have access to personal data as needed to perform their work.
In the event of a corporate reorganization (if, for example, all or substantially all of the assets relating to Nesalis Games are transferred or sold to another entity), personal data submitted to Nesalis Games will be transferred to the acquiring entity.
Nesalis Games will also disclose personal data to third parties in order to comply with international, national and regional laws and regulations, in response to requests by law enforcement agencies, to enforce its end user agreement, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Nesalis Games, the Game and end users. We will use personal data and records for defense of any lawsuit, investigation or other actions if such personal data, records or profiles are relevant to a lawsuit, investigation or action.
Nesalis Games will only keep your personal data as long as necessary for the purposes of which the personal data was collected for. This means that we will keep your personal data as long as you have an active account with us.
If you have not used your account for more than 36 months, or your account has been terminated by you or us, all personal data will be deleted
.
3. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
We do not share your contact information with third party marketers without your permission. We only share your personal data with third parties in limited circumstances where we believe such sharing is 1) necessary to provide the Game and related services, 2) where legally required or 3) when permitted by you.
When using the Game, your personal data will be processed by Third Party Processor(s).
We will enter into a data processing agreement prior to sharing your personal data with such Third Party Processor(s).
As we are a global company and are using Third Party Processor(s) working outside of the EU/EEA, personal data will be processed in the US and other countries. We are committed to protecting your personal data and where local laws do not provide an adequate level of protection of that data we have signed data processing agreements, and included the EU Commission approved standard contractual clauses as necessary.
You may connect your Game account to certain connected third party services, for example Steam, as available.
If you connect your Game account to such connected services, the Connected Service Provider(s) will process your personal data. The Connected Service Provider(s) may require you to sign up to their own license agreements/user terms, privacy policies or other policies, which may give the Connected Service Provider(s) additional rights or impose additional obligations on you.
We may be required to disclose your personal data and other information pursuant to legal requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. We do not reveal information until we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants etc. meets applicable legal standards. Additionally, we may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Game or misuse of the Games name, or to prevent imminent bodily harm etc. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies etc.
As many other websites interacting with third party sites, we may receive some personal data or information even if you are logged out from the Game, or that pertains to non-game users, from those sites in conjunction with the technical operation of the system. In cases where Nesalis Games receives personal data or information on users that are not logged in, or on non-game users, we do not attempt to associate it with individual End User accounts and will discard it.
When you use the Game, certain information you post or share with third parties (e.g., a friend or someone in your social network), such as personal data, comments, messages, photos, videos, or other information, may be shared with other End Users in accordance with the privacy settings you select. All such sharing of information is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal data in your profile or when posting comments, messages, photos, videos, or other items, this information may become publicly available.
4. COOKIES, LOGS, WEB BEACONS, TOOLS AND PROFILING
Cookies
A cookie is information a website places on your device so that the website is able to remember your preferences and/or which pages you visited on the website and make your visit more efficient and enjoyable. Nesalis Games uses cookies to determine the number of unique visitors to the Game over a given period, or to remember user account details, so that the need for multiple logins is reduced.
Nesalis Games will combine information collected through cookies with your personal data submitted online when using the Game, to help personalize your experience when accessing and playing the Game.
Cookies may be disabled on your device by indicating this in the preferences or options menu in your browser. Please note, however, that by disabling cookies some features might not work as intended.
Logfiles
Log files are files that log actions that have occurred on a website. Nesalis Games will collect data in the form of log files and may use such log files to gather statistics about users habits and to assess overall Game activity, including how many “hits” a particular web page is getting and other navigational data. These entries are generated anonymously and enable Nesalis Games to track interest in specific promotions, troubleshoot technical concerns and provide you with content that may be of interest to you. Log files are used internally only, and are not associated with any particular user, device, or browser.
Web beacons
The Game uses a variety of technical methods for tracking purposes, including “Web beacons”. Web beacons are small pieces of data embedded in images on the pages of the Game. We also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns in the Game, such as the frequency with which users access various parts of the Game etc. These technical methods involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We also use these technical methods in HTML emails that we send you to determine whether you opened those emails or clicked on links in those emails.
The information collected from the use of these technical methods can be linked to a user and we therefore handle that information as personal data.
Third party cookies
The Game uses functions provided by Third Parties, which involves the use of cookies from Third parties i.e. the Tools.
DO WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA AUTOMATICALLY (INCLUDING THROUGH PROFILING) IN A WAY THAT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS?
The automatic processing of your personal data by the Game (including profiling) consists in examining your behavior in the Game and on its basis suggesting content that suits your preferences and interests. However, this will not have any legal effects on you or similarly significantly affect your situation.
Our Partners can use targeting and profiling, i.e. an automated way of processing personal data, which includes, among others on the use of personal data to analyze or forecast personal preferences, interests, location, behavior.
The use of profiling process allows our Partners to more personalize the ads presented to you. This process uses cookie files of our Partners, so such processing requires your consent, which you can revoke at any time on the Cookie page on the Game.
5. PAYMENT INFORMATION
We are currently using Payment Service Provider(s). When purchasing products and/or services in or through the Game you will be asked by the Payment Service Provider(s) to provide certain personal data, such as full name, billing address, email address, phone number and credit card number/expiration date. The Payment Service Provider(s) will use this information to handle your order. Please note that when you are using these Payment Service Provider(s) and provide them with personal data it is their privacy policy that governs their processing of your personal data. You should therefore read their privacy policies carefully. You must be 18 years or older to make purchases in the Game.
6. SECURITY AND ANONYMIZATION OF PERSONAL DATA
Nesalis Games has taken reasonable steps to ensure that the personal data it collects is secure and that we protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the personal data. Personal data is stored in secure operating environments unavailable to the public and only accessible to authorized employees and contractors. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. However, there is no such thing as perfect security. As a result, although we strive to protect personal data and other information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data or information transmitted to us through or in connection with the Game, that we store on our systems or that is stored on our service providers’ systems.
Nesalis Games normally keep backup copies relating to the Game and user content to enable reversion to a prior version when necessary.
You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal of any User Content, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other Users have copied or stored such User Content.
Please note that Nesalis Games may provide links to other games and websites that are operated and hosted by third parties who may have their own policies relating to their collection and processing of personal data Those games and websites are governed by their own privacy policies, which may be substantially different from Nesalis Games’ policies. Visitors to other games and websites are encouraged to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those websites.
Any improper collection or misuse of user content, personal data or information provided in the Game is a violation of the terms of service and should be reported to Nesalis Games.
Nesalis Games when processing the data provided by users, takes all necessary steps to ensure that the personal data provided are anonymized and then they no longer constitute personal data in accordance with General Data Protection Regulation.
7. YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We would like to remind you that under General Data Protection Regulation, you have the following rights:
a) right to request that we allow access to your personal data;
b) right to request the correction of incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete data;
c) right to restrict the processing of your personal data, until your application is checked for the lawfulness of their processing;
d) right to request the removal of personal data;
e) the right not to consent to the processing of personal data for marketing purposes and when the person data is processed in order to legitimate our interests;
f) the right to request the transfer of your personal data to another company or to provide in a form that is directly accessible to you;
g) the right to withdraw their consent, without prejudice to the withdrawal of consent that was conducted with the use of your personal data;
h) right to file a complaint with the Polish Data Protection Authority responsible for the protection of personal data, mentioned in in Section 11 below.
In short you have the right to request access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, right to object and right to data portability. Access and control over most personal data in the Game is readily available through the profile editing tools on the web page or the gaming platforms. You may modify or delete any or all of your profile data at any time by logging into your account. Your changes will be updated as soon as possible.
If you wish to deactivate your Game account you may do so in your account settings, either on the web page or the gaming platforms. Removed information may continue to exist in backup copies but will not be generally available. You cannot however remove communications made in the communication features in the Game, which have been shared with other end users (for example sending personal messages to another end user).
If you which to exercise any of your right please contact Nesalis Games.
8. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Nesalis Games will collect and process your personal data in accordance with applicable Polish data protection laws and the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) and any applicable national legislation and/or regulation implementing or made pursuant to it, or replacing, re-enacting or consolidating it. For the purposes explained in this Privacy Policy, Nesalis Games will transfer and share your personal data to Nesalis Games group companies (including service providers operating on their behalf) and with other third parties which are located in countries outside the European Union (“EU”) and/or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) which may not have the same level of data protection laws as those in the country where you are located. Where your personal data is sent to a country outside the EU/EEA that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, your personal data is adequately protected by EU Commission approved standard contractual clauses and/or other transfer mechanism such as the Privacy Shield. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review by contacting us at the address indicated in Section 11 below.
9. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to all personal data collected by us or provided by you on and after the Effective Date. This Privacy Policy is subject to change and we may make any changes to this Privacy Policy as we see fit. Nesalis Games will notify you of material changes by posting them in the Games, or on the websites etc. You are encouraged to check back and review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you will always know what personal data is collected how it is used and to whom it is disclosed. Your continued use of the Game subject to this Privacy Policy will signify your acceptance of Privacy Policy changes.
10. RESPONSIBILITY
The Privacy Policy is complementary to third party privacy policy, in particular those indicated in the policy Privacy Policy. Nesalis Games does not bear any responsibility for the privacy policy implemented by third party and other entities managing applications and their compliance with RODO and other acts.
11. CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions, complaints or comments regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact to
Nesalis Games sp. z o.o
. at:
ul. Wyzwolenia 113, 43-300 Bielsko-Biała, Poland
E-mail:
csm@nesalisgames.com
You may also contact the
Polish Data Protection Authority
if you have any complaint regarding Nesalis Games processing of your personal data.
Phone: (22) 531 03 00
address: UODO, Stawki 2, 00-193 Warsaw, Poland
Email: kancelaria@uodo.gov.pl