Renown Entertainment - Privacy Policy
Renown Entertainment Incorporated | Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Table of Contents
1. About
2. What do we collect?
3. What do we do with the collected information?
4. Do you share or sell my information?
5. Security
6. Contact Information
1. ABOUT
Renown Entertainment Incorporated herin referred to as "Renown" develops video games for multiple platforms. The privacy policy applies to any video game developed for multiple platforms and includes but is not limited to mobile, web, desktop, and console systems. The information provided applies to how Renown collects and or uses information or data collected in our video games. For third party Social Networking Sites/Social Networking Service herein referred to as "SNS" (ie. facebook, Twitter, Papaya Mobile, OpenFeint, Flurry, etc.), you will also be required to read and accept any terms their services provide.
2. AGREEMENT
By playing a Renown Video Game in conjunction with a SNS, you are authorizing Renown Entertainment to collect, store and use this data in accordance with this privacy policy including any and all information that the SNS can additionally provide though the Application Programming Interface herein referred to as the "API".
3. WHAT DO WE DO WITH THE COLLECTED INFORMATION?
Renown collects information to:
• Post your scores to a database on a remote server
• Share your data with your friends through the various SNS used in our games
• Improve our games
4. DO YOU SELL OR SHARE MY INFORMATION?
Absolutely not. At Renown we highly value your privacy and do not sell, share, or disclose your information to anyone. For SNS and their API's, please refer to the terms of their policies.
5. SECURITY
Renown  takes reasonable steps to secure your information. We Please be aware that transmission of information over the internet is never completely secure and we cannot guarantee 100% security, or that security breaches will never occur. Any transmission is at your own risk.
6. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have further questions about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail: privacy (at) renownent (dot) com