Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Pitaya Corporation (hereafter known as “Pitaya”) takes the protection of your personal information very seriously.
    The following privacy policy will provide you with information about the personal information that is collected and
    how it is processed and used.
Subject matter of this privacy policy
This privacy policy applies to all services which are offered on Pitaya internet sites, in particular the
            Pitaya portal and the individual online and mobile game sites and apps. Unless stated otherwise, this
            privacy policy exclusively regulates how Pitaya treats your personal information. In case you make use of
            services provided by third parties, the privacy policy conditions of these third parties apply exclusively.
            Pitaya does not revise privacy policy conditions of third parties.
Responsible contact
Responsible contact pursuant to the Federal Data Protection Act is Pitaya Corporation, F3, Building 64,
            No.421 Hongcao Road, Shanghai.
In case you have any questions concerning privacy policy matters, please contact dwsupport@mngo.com. At this
            address, you can inquire about privacy issues, review, and change or delete your personal information stored
            by Pitaya. Alternatively, you can also contact us using the above postal address. Please – if possible –
            include the game that you have played, the platform, the server (if applicable) and your player name.
Collection of information
iOS and Android Platforms
Pitaya automatically collects and records certain information when you access or use a Firefly game. This information
                    includes your unique device ID ("IDFA" (iOS) and/or "Advertiser ID" (Android)), your geographic location (based on your
                    Internet Protocol ("IP") address), the version of your operating system ("OS"), your game platform ID ("GPF ID"), (which
                    is an ID assigned to you that will be used to help associate your identity across multiple platforms) and your in-game
                    activity. We may associate an IDFA (iOS) or Advertiser ID (Android) with personal information or with other persistent
                    device identifiers (for example, IDFA, Advertiser ID, SSAID, MAC address, or IMEI) at any time.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to
                    contact you about your gaming experience with Pitaya games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no
                    longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located
                    at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at dwsupport@mngo.com.
Push Notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores
                    and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving
                    these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players
                    inside the game via server log files. This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address or device ID
                    for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them. This data is stored within Amazon Web Services.
Other Collection
We may also acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2)
                    your participation in surveys regarding the Service or (3) your participation in a sweepstakes or contest through the
                    Service.
We may also acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2)
                    your participation in surveys regarding the Service or (3) your participation in a sweepstakes or contest through the
                    Service.
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes or contest through our Service. If you participate,
                    we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these sweepstakes and contests are voluntary and
                    you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes
                    contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify winners and award prizes, to monitor traffic or personalize the Service. We may use a
                    third party service provider to conduct these sweepstakes or contests; that company is prohibited from using your users’
                    personal information for any other purpose.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that we transfer to your computer and/or device, to identify a user's computer/device and
                    to "remember" things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a
                    cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of
                    our Service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies
                    at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer/device so the content you
                    access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies associate your
                    computer/device with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an
                    advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service and third party sites and
                    applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of
                    interest to you. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these
                    third party advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies
                    and other technology.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your
                    device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the
                    application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the
                    information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services & Marketplaces
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google
                    Analytics and Adjust. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and
                    analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier,
                    MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address
                    for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover
                    the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties.
Pitaya provides games and the Service via third party marketplaces, such as Apple's App Store and Google's Android
                    Market. These marketplaces may collect information about you or receive information from us in the course of providing
                    or analyzing their services. Pitaya is not responsible for these marketplaces, and is not affiliated with or responsible
                    for the actions of these third parties. You should review these third parties' terms of service and privacy policies,
                    which are separate from Pitaya..
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your
                    Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use
                    this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and
                    installing our game, you will become a user of our Service. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be
                    shared with the advertiser.
Use of your personal information
We use this information to assist with understanding trends in usage and for help with tracking and correcting errors.
            We also use (and may provide to third party analytics providers as described below) country-level geographic location
            information to enforce our Terms of Service, customize the user experience and make recommendations to you.
We may also give you the opportunity to opt-in to location-based services, which utilize a device's GPS coordinates. You
            may opt-out of these location services via the settings on your device
Security
Pitaya takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or
            alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment
            that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its
            transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our
            network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers" from illegally
            obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against,
            loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
            storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Access to Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or delete
            inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us at dwsupport@mngo.com. We will
            respond to your access request within 30 days.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish
            to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at
            dwsupport@mngo.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
            disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such
            persons to use our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your
            name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information. In
            the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that
            information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the
            age of 13, please contact us at dwsupport@mngo.com.
Opting Out of Marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails by emailing us at
            dwsupport@mngo.com. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or
            our ongoing business relations.
You may also opt-out of receiving SMS notifications from us, either via SMS or by emailing us at dwsupport@mngo.com.
International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders
            and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these
            countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and you consent to the
            transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information,
            as described in this Policy.
Contacting Us:
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us through our support mail: dwsupport@mngo.com.
Effective Date: October 1st, 2016