House of Blackjack - Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
<
X
Last modified : December 15th 2020
NEOWIZ respects the privacy rights of consumers and recognizes the importance of protecting the information
          collected about you. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer,
          and store your information. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and
          the ways in which you can protect your privacy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY
          NEOWIZ SITE, ONLINE OR MOBILE PRODUCT OR SERVICE.
Information We Collect
We collect information to provide services to all of our users in two ways.
• Information you give us.
Many of our services require you to sign up for an account. When you do,
          we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, telephone number. If you want to take full
          advantage of the sharing features we offer, we might also ask you to create a publicly visible Profile, which
          may include your name and photo.
• Information we get from your use of our services.
We may collect information about the services that
          you use.
This information includes:
Device information
We may collect device-specific information, such as your hardware model, operating system version, mobile
          unique device ID (If applicable), and mobile network information including phone number.
Log information
When you use our services, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This may
          include: Details of how you used our service, such as your search queries.
Internet protocol address.
Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, language. Cookies that may
        uniquely identify your account.
Location information
When you use a location-enabled service, we may collect and process information about your actual location,
          like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as
          sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell
          towers.
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for
          example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to us when you install or
          uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that a website places on the hard drive of your computer when you visit the
          website. Cookies may involve the transmission of information from us to you and from you directly to us, to
          another party on our behalf, or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We may use cookies to
          bring together information we collect about you. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a
          cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings.
          Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your
          cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your guest experience more
          efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
• Information Provided to NEOWIZ by Third Parties.
We may also receive other information from third parties, including in connection with the operation and
          distribution of our products and services as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement
          personal and anonymous information collected or provided directly by you. Some third party services such as
          Twitter and Facebook may also provide us with information from your accounts there with your permission.
By playing NEOWIZ’ games through a social network or other third party platform or service or by connecting to
          such a third party network, platform or service via one of our products and/or services, you are authorizing
          NEOWIZ to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you
          agreed the social network or other third party platform could provide to NEOWIZ through the social
          network/third party platform Application Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on the third party
          social network or platform. Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network, platform
          or service via our products and/or services, and/or when you connect with, “accept” or “allow” (or similar
          terms) one of our applications through a social network, or other third party platform or service.
We may also collect or receive information about you from other NEOWIZ users who choose to upload their email
          and other contacts. This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends
          connect.
We may also receive information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or
          other data that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you.
How We Use Information We collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to
          develop new ones, and to protect NEOWIZ and our users.
From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications
          about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to
          your interaction with NEOWIZ, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to
          improve NEOWIZ’s products, services, and customer communications If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or
          similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.
By use of friend finder tools in our online and mobile products and services, you acknowledge that use of
          these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your
          Account (and related gaming entitlements, including games played on PC and mobile platforms) with your social
          networking profile and/or email address. Your resulting friends’ list will be subject to this privacy policy.
If you choose to use our referral service to “Tell a Friend” about a NEOWIZ product or site, we will ask you
          for your friend’s email address or telephone number. We will send your friend an email or SMS (short message
          service) on your behalf inviting him or her to visit the site or check out our product.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this
          Privacy Policy.
Sharing Your Information with Third Parties
We will never share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent. We may,
          however, share non-personally identifiable, aggregated and/or public information with third parties. From time
          to time, we employs third party contractors to collect personal information on our behalf to provide email
          delivery, product, prize or promotional fulfillment, contest administration, credit card processing, shipping
          or other services on our sites. When requesting these services, you may be asked to supply your name, mailing
          address, telephone number and email address to our contractors. When our third party agents or service
          providers collect and/or have access any information other than non-personal, anonymous and/or aggregated
          data, we require that they use data consistently with our stated privacy policy. These third parties are
          prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose without your specific consent.
As above, our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct
          marketing purposes without your approval. If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval, email
blackjack@help.neowiz.com
or write to Privacy Policy
          Administrator, NEOWIZ PANGYO TOWER, 14, Daewangpangyo-ro 645beon-gil, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do,
          13487, Korea.
We may also access and disclose personal information, including personal communications, in connection with
          report abuse functions in our products and services, to enforce legal rights and comply with the law, or to
          comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority, or when we have reason to believe
          that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights,
          property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or when we believe that
          disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court
          order, or legal process served on NEOWIZ.
In the event of a merger, acquisition, or the unlikely event of bankruptcy, management of NEOWIZ customer
          information may be transferred to its successor or assign.
Data Transfers, Storage, and Global Processing
The computer systems on which NEOWIZ collects, stores, and uses the information it collects or receives are
          based in the Republic of Korea. Your information may be transferred to, used, processed or held by NEOWIZ in
          other countries, including countries outside your country of residence both in and outside the United States,
          the European Union and Asia, and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Data Security and Integrity
The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have
          implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect information
          from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. No method of transmission over the Internet, or
          method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. We cannot guarantee that your information will not be
          accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial
          safeguards. We cannot assume responsibility or liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems.
          We will make reasonable efforts consistently to protect your information and ensure the security of our
          systems.
Third Party Sites
Our website and mobile products may contain advertising or services which link to other websites such as
          Twitter, Facebook and YouTube. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or
          representation of our affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third party site,
          including on an advertisement, you will leave the NEOWIZ site or mobile products you are visiting (or using)
          and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept
          responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that
          they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as NEOWIZ. We encourage you to review the privacy
          policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that
          is linked to a NEOWIZ site, you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal
          information.
Children
Many NEOWIZ online or mobile products and services are intended for general audiences and do not knowingly
          collect any personal information from children. When an NEOWIZ online or mobile product or service does
          request age information, and users identify themselves as under 13, the product or service will either block
          such users from providing personal information, or we will ensure consent is obtained from parents for the
          collection, use and sharing of their children’s personal information. At that time, we will provide a
          description of the information that the child may make publically available, how we will use the information
          and other practices. We will not knowingly ask children under the age of 13 to provide more information than
          is reasonably necessary to provide our services.
Please note that if you grant consent for your child to use NEOWIZ’ online or mobile products and services,
          this may include such general audience communication services as email, instant messaging, and online groups,
          and your child will be able to communicate with, and disclose personal information to, other users of all
          ages. Parents can review, edit, request the deletion, or prevent further collection or use of their children’s
          personal information or make inquiries regarding this policy by sending an email to
blackjack@help.neowiz.com
.
If we change this privacy statement in a way that expands the collection, use or disclosure of children’s
          personal information to which a parent has previously consented, the parent will be notified and we will be
          required to obtain the parent’s additional consent.
We encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal
          information online. You and your child should review our Online Safety web page for additional information
          about using the Internet safely.
Information collected is secured in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. If we change how we handle
          your child’s information, we will notify you in a manner consistent with this policy. Under no circumstances
          do we condition a child’s participation in an activity—like contests—on the child’s disclosure of more
          personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. On certain sites or
          services, we may not permit children to participate at all regardless of consent.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that
          information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep
          that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may
          ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for
          example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others,
          or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes).
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require
          a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from
          accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may
          not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup
          systems.
Enforcement
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self- regulatory
          frameworks. To make sure that your personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security
          guidelines to NEOWIZ employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. When we receive
          formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the
          appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints
          regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may change this privacy policy to accommodate new technologies, industry practices,
          regulatory requirements or for other purposes. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material
          and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please send an email to Privacy Policy
          Administrator,
blackjack@help.neowiz.com
., or write to Privacy
          Policy Administrator, NEOWIZ PANGYO TOWER, 14, Daewangpangyo-ro 645beon-gil, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si,
          Gyeonggi-do, 13487, Korea.
Compliance with General Data Protection Regulation
If You are the user using the Software in European Union (hereinafter, the “European Union”), please read
          carefully and fully understand the terms and conditions in this Section
[Compliance with General Data Protection Regulation]
. European Union contains the following countries :
          Germany, France, Ireland, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, Denmark, Sweden, Finland, Austria, Italy, Spain,
          Portugal, Greece, Czech, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Slovenia, Cyprus, Malta,
          Bulgaria, Romania, Croatia
NEOWIZ always uses its best efforts to comply with the applicable terms and conditions in General Data
          Protection Regulation (hereinafter ' GDPR ').
The definition of the Personal Data in this Section (the “Personal data”) has the same definition with such
          Article 4, Section used in GDPR and NEOWIZ will process such Personal data in accordance with the relevant
          provision in GDPR. Accordingly, as part of our efforts, NEOWIZ will collect your Personal Data only for
          providing and exploiting the Software and, upon achieving such purposes, NEOWIZ will use its best efforts to
          immediately and promptly delete all your Personal Data.
NEOWIZ can collect and utilize the following type/scope of the Personal Data for providing the Software and
          helping you use the Software more efficiently:
[Collected Information]
(a) The Information to be collected while you using and exploiting the Software: Device information, Log
          information, Internet protocol address. Location information, Unique application numbers, Cookies
(b)The information to be collected while you consulting with NEOWIZ (or you receiving any help from NEOWIZ):
          User contact information, including, but not limited to, email, phone number Under GDPR, you can request
          NEOWIZ (i) to delete your Personal Data; (ii) to limit the usage scope of your Personal Data; (iii) to correct
          your Personal Data which is wrongfully written or reported; or (iv) to take other actions allowed to you under
          the GDPR. Upon your request or demand, NEOWIZ will use best efforts to promptly respond to your inquiry and/or
          demand in accordance with the applicable provisions in GDPR. However, with any result or measure caused by
          your request, your usage of the Software would (can) be limited or prevented.
In respect to your Personal Data, if you have any questions, give any injury or wish to complaint, please feel
          free to Client Response Department with the following information:
(1) E-mail : pp_pmang@neowiz.com
(2) Address : NEOWIZ PANGYO TOWER, 14, Daewangpangyo-ro 645beon-gil, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do,
          463-400, Korea.
Additionally, NEOWIZ designates Personal Data Protection (DPO) with following information in order to protect
          your Personal Data complying with the GDPR. If you have any question regarding your Personal Data, or if you
          believe that Client Reponses Department have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been
          satisfactorily addressed, please contact to DPO. The detailed information of DPO is as follows:
DPO(Data protection officer)
Company
Neowiz
Name
Joongsup CHOI
Position
DPO(Data protection officer)
Address
NEOWIZ PANGYO TOWER, 14, Daewangpangyo-ro 645beon-gil, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, 463-400,
                  Korea.
E-Mail
pp_pmang@neowiz.com