Elixir New Games 2021 3D
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Elixir New Games 2021 3D
Privacy Policy
Elixir New Games 2021 3D
has solely offered this game. All of its features or content except the third party features, add-ons or content. This agreement sets terms of use of this application between user and us. This agreement actually protects all the terms of use of the software application. Any use of the application which violates any term of the agreement shall not be permitted.
Definitions:
Services:
By service this is meant that the services offered by application or the mobile phone whether software or hardware.
Third Party Software:
This means that the third party software(s) that are used in the app whether they are add-ons or the software which enhance the functionality of application.
Third Party Software:
This means the services that are connected to third party likewise any social media services or alike services.
User:
Anyone accessing any of the feature(s) of the application or the third party service or third party software or even application in full for any purpose would be regarded as the user.
Commercial Use Of The Application:
The application is the product of Elixir New Games 2021 3D , and its commercial use would not be allowed. This means that the application is for non-commercial use only. The application would only be allowed for personal use only. The application(s) is non-transferable, non-exclusive and user is allowed to use one copy of the application.
Use Limitations:
The application is limited for personal use and it is not allowed to anyone else to sale or edit or even modify the application for the personal use.
Third Party Software:
By checking acceptance, the user agrees to allow all the third party software(s) or third party services to access the user data for processing the particular feature.
Intellectual Property:
This section will define the intellectual property. Intellectual property takes an important place in the whole policy therefore this section will define, elaborate and clarify the intellectual property and related issues.
What is intellectual property:
Intellectual property would be the email addresses, thumb impressions and related stuff. The intellectual property is an asset to us and we do not promote it or share it for personal usage.
How to use:
Superior Technologies Inc. would use the intellectual property for processing the application as a whole or any of the feature of the application. The intellectual property data would not be shared with anyone else.
Agreement:
This is agreed by the Elixir New Games 2021 3D , that intellectual property data will be an asset and we will not be handed it over to any one even the third party or any agency. The user cannot modify, edit or change any part of the application or the application in full. User cannot sale or market the application without the prior knowledge of the Elixir New Games 2021 3D.
Terms and Termination:
All terms of the agreement do apply right from installing the application. It is not necessary that the user uses the application or not. Once the application is installed the agreement prevails. Superior Technologies Inc. holds the right for modifying, editing or permanently terminating the app at any time without prior notice to the users.
Confidentiality:
This agreement would be confidential in nature, it will cover all the all the limitations of use by the user and the Elixir New Games 2021 3D , . The confidentiality of the intellectual property is the matter of concern for Elixir New Games 2021 3D, we bother about your privacy and confidentiality and take all this as our first priority. We assure the confidentiality of your personal data as we do have it in our custody but in case of hacking of our data server we will not be liable to the security of your data. Any sort of illegal access of data by any means may or may not affect the integrity of data. We ensure that as far as the data is kept with us then it will be in safe hands and we will develop and design every possible aspect and feature to deal with the integrity and security of your intellectual property data.
Miscellaneous:
The agreement as a whole is sacred and the user and the Elixir New Games 2021 3D , would abide by all the terms and conditions of the agreement. If user would ever found guilty of abusing any part, function or the application as a whole then Superior Technologies Inc. deserves the right to file a petition against him/her in a court of the Law.
Introduction
The terms in this Privacy Policy govern the manner in which Elixir New Games 2021 3D collects and uses any information you (Users) provide in connection with any Elixir New Games 2021 3D game or Application (Hereinafter, “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to all Services offered by Elixir New Games 2021 3D .By using our Services, Users agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Elixir New Games 2021 3D may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time; therefore, Users are encouraged to consult the Privacy Policy regularly.
Personal identification information
When you install our apps and games, we may collect and record information to enhance the experience and benefits of using our Services. We will collect personal public information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us through our Services. Users can always refuse to supply personal information. In said case, users should avoid using social network features such as sharing requests.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with our Services. Said information includes —but is not limited to— device type, brand and model, Android OS version, unique device identifiers, location and country.
Personal Information
Personal information collected in accordance with our Services may vary depending on the activity and may include: social networking basic profile information (Apps have a basic connection to a user’s Facebook account to ask for permission to post on the user’s behalf or to read other fields from the user’s timeline or their friends’ timelines), Request read permissions (to fill the stream with photos, the user must grant the app two “read permissions” that let the app read the user’s photos and their friends’ photos), Request publish permissions (the user must grant the app a “publish permission” to share photos).
Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices
By accessing the Services through a social network, or mobile device, Users are authorizing Elixir New Games 2021 3D to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that they agreed the social network, mobile device platform could provide to Elixir New Games 2021 3D through the social network/mobile device. Their agreement takes place when they connect with the third party network, platform or service via the Services, and/or when you connect with the Services, or “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) Services to access your information through a social network, OR mobile device or other third party platform or service. Elixir New Games 2021 3D may also collect or receive information about you from other Services Users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by Elixir New Games 2021 3D and used primarily to help Users and their friends connect.
Information Usage
Elixir New Games 2021 3D may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information Users provide helps us respond to comments, support needs, and customer service requests more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided by our Services. In addition, the personal information Users provide will allow Elixir New Games 2021 3D to send them messages regarding, among other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and other events of their interest. Users may also later opt out of these communications by sending us an email or simply just by uninstalling our Services.
Permissions that may use sensitive information
The following is a detailed list of permissions —and the way in which we implement them— that we use and that may use sensitive information:
WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE and READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
We use these permissions in some games or apps to save captured images of the game on the SD and read them to provide sharing options to the user. We also may use the read permission in some games to improve users experience and let them import images from their devices for change the character’s skins.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. The sole exception to this is personal information that is required by law enforcement authorities or similar organizations in case of a criminal investigation, prevention of fraud or criminal activities, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other illegal activities that may expose users or Elixir New Games 2021 3D to legal liability.
Social
The Service can offer several integrations with sharing services and other tools (like Google +1 button, Facebook Like button, among others), that can be used to share information and actions Users make while interacting with our Service. Also we may integrate in our Games competitive services for sharing Scores and Achievement between players, like Google Play Games Services or others. The use of the previous services and tools is a free choice of each user. It’s not necessary to use our Services. The social features that each User agreed to use enables the sharing of information with other contacts or the general public, depending on the configuration options the entity provides. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
We may allow other third parties companies to serve advertisements in our Services, provide analytics services or other services for the Users experience. These companies may use cookies, web beacons, Users account information (that Users set up with these companies) and other techniques to collect information about you on our Services or other online services, like IP addresses, identifiers of your mobile device, installed package information, conversion information, browsers usage and pages you have visited. This information may be used to deliver advertising and content according the Users interests, better understand of the Services usage from the Users and analyzing and tracking data. These third party companies may also share this information with their customers and clients. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.
For better information of how these companies use the information you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Admob:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
Here'
s how our partner networks collect and utilize data.
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/optimization/best-practices/an-policy/
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
https://yandex.com/company/privacy
https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Get in touch at [
axegamers01@gmail.com
]
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse