PrivacyPolicy
Privacy policy
GamesUion Techonology Co.,Ltd attaches great importance to the privacy protection of users, and therefore has formulated the "Privacy Policy" covering how to collect, use, disclose, share and store users' information. When users use our services, we may collect and use your related information. We hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy how we collect, use, store, and share this information when using our services, and how we provide you with access to, update, control, and protect this information.
This "Privacy Policy" applies to user interaction with the travel behavior of the GamesUion Technology as well as user registration and use of the GamesUion Technology of travel services. In addition to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and other published guidelines, we do not disclose information related to the personal identity of users. Please note that from time to time, GamesUion Technology will check its privacy measures, so the measures will change accordingly. We urge you to periodically visit the page or our website
http://www.gamesuion.com
to ensure that the latest version of our privacy policy always understand. After reading this policy, if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or related to this Privacy Policy, please contact
support@gamesuion.com
. By using or continuing to use our services, you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy governs and details the main principles that GamesUion applies to the data we collect and process to developing and publishing mobile apps (“GamesUion Apps and Games”),
This policy also aims to remind you about your rights and to provide you with all the elements you need to exercise them.
Should you have any questions related to this policy or our practices around privacy and data protection in general, please don’t hesitate to contact the GamesUion Support Team as indicated in the contact section of this policy.
GamesUion apps and games
Why does GamesUion collect data from its apps and games?
When you install and use GamesUion mobile applications, we can collect and process some of your data for different legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why GamesUion may collect data and the legal bases GamesUion relies on in each case.
GamesUion collects data:
·
To provide you with the services you asked for
(e.g., knowing that you completed the first level to allow access to the second one)
o  Legal basis – such data processing is strictly necessary for the service(s) asked
·
To run analytics and understand how users interact with our product and services in order to continuously improve it
(e.g. identifying that a feature is annoying for users or that a level is too difficult for most gamers)
o  Legal basis - Express consent. GameUion only processes or shares personal data collected through GameUion apps for analytics purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice included in our apps.
·
To serve advertising tailored to the preference and interests of our users
and allow GameUion to continue to provide free services and products
o  Legal basis – Express consent. GameUion only processes or shares personal data collected through GameUion apps for personalized advertising purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice included in one of our apps.
For all data processing activities that rely on users’ consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time from the “settings” page in our various applications.
Please only note that in the case where you withdraw your consent or where you refuse to consent in the first place, you will still be served with advertising but that may be less relevant to you as it will not be tailored to your interests.
What data does GameUion collect from its apps and games?
For all the purposes listed above the data that GameUion collect is limited to:
·     The apps you are using
·     Your IP address
·     Your Mobile Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID - which are technical identifiers developed by mobile operating systems for advertising purposes which remain under your control and can be reset or erased at any time in through your device settings)
·     Technical information about the device you use and your connection (user agent, type of connection, timestamp)
·     Data pertaining to your activities on our applications and notably the way in which you interact with our applications (for instance, how and when you use our applications) and with the advertising served in our applications (for instance, number of ads served, potential clicks)
With who may your data be shared & why?
GameUion does not share your personal data with third parties without your prior consent.
When you consent to the collection of data for advertising and analytics purpose, we may share the data listed above with the following categories of recipients:
·
Ad Partners:
that allow us to monetize the ad inventory of our apps and provide users with free products and services.
Those partners usually collect data via their own tools (Software Development Kits or “SDK”). You will find a list of our partners implementing advertising SDKs through our applications and the privacy policies of their services that describe their practices and allow you to exercise your rights directly toward them hereafter:
o  Applovin -
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
o  Facebook -
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
o  Fyber -
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
o  Google -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
o  Inmobi -
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
o  Ironsource -
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
o  Mintegral -
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
o  Vungle -
https://vungle.com/privacy/
·
Analytic companies
: that provide us with tools and technologies that allow us to better understand how users interact with our services and will help us improve it. Those partners also usually collect data via their own SDKs. You will find a list of our partners implementing analytical SDKs through our applications hereafter:
o  Appsflyer-
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
o  Firebase -
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
o  Tenjin -
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy/
·
Authorities
: only to the extent we are obliged to by applicable laws and regulations.
Security and other important information
How long does GameUion keep your data?
Personal data collected, received and processed for the purposes described in this policy is
not kept longer than necessary
for the purposes described above in this section.
In all cases, GameUion does not retain such data for more than
13 months
.
Children data
GameUion
never
knowingly or willingly
collect any personal data concerning children under 16
years of age.
International transfers
Some of the partners and processors referred to in this policy are located outside of the European Union.
In such case, we ensure that:
·     the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection or,
·     Personal data is transferred to certified entities under the Privacy Shield or,
·     For personal data transferred outside of countries recognized by the European Commission as having a sufficient level of protection, any of the mechanisms offering appropriate guarantees is used, for which provision is made by applicable regulations, and in particular the adoption of the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission.
What rights do you have?
Consent withdrawal and opt-out of sale of information
You can change your consent status at any time from the Privacy Settings available in GameUion mobile games and applications.
Please note that if
GameUion does not sell the personal information of its users
, we may share it with third parties such as analytics and advertising companies in order to improve and personalize your experience and adapt the content and ads of our services.
Adjusting your consent settings within GameUion apps and games, will allow you to
block the collection of data
for these purposes and will
de facto
prevent the sharing of information
with our analytics and/or advertising partners.
Access right
Upon request, GameUion will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access or request deletion of your personal information directly in GameUion mobile apps or by contacting GameUion Data Protection Officer as indicated in the “Contact” section below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Rectification and erasure
You may request GameUion the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you, as well as the completion of incomplete personal data. You may also request GameUion to erase without undue delay your personal data when it is no longer necessary for GameUion to retain such data.
In order for your data to be erased or rendered inaccessible you can either:
·     reset your mobile advertising identifier (IDFA on iOS, GAAID on Android) or activate “Limit Ad Tracking” in your device’ settings in order to make previously collected data non linkable to you or your device anymore and limit further data collection if you choose to enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” option
·     contact GameUion Data Protection Officer, as indicated in the “Contact” section below in order to have the data previously collected by GameUion on you and/or your device permanently erased or anonymized
Portability
Upon request, GameUion will provide you with the personal data that you provided to us and, if possible, will communicate this information directly to another data controller of your choice in a portable format when the processing is based on consent or contract.
Contact
support@gamesuion.com
GamesUion Support Team – GameUion – Sichuan Investment Building, No.112,Tianshun Road, Wuhou District, Chengdu, Sichuan Province