Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: July 10th, 2019
Last Updated: March 8th, 2021
This policy covers the following apps owned and operated by PIXOWL Inc: The Addams Family Mystery Mansion Mobile Application, Garfield: Survival of the Fattest Mobile Application, The Peanuts: Snoopy's Town Tale Mobile Application, The Goosebumps HorrorTown Mobile Application and The Wonder Park Magic Rides Mobile Application (the Applications). We take your privacy seriously. This privacy statement applies only to the collection and use of information in the Applications listed. The Applications are for all ages but we are aware that some younger users may want to play and therefore we have provided a restricted version for them.
We may make changes to this policy from time to time so please be sure to check regularly. If we make a material change we will post notice prior to making the change. If we have your contact details we will contact you before we make the change.
Children's Privacy
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
PIXOWL INC is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the link below. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates PIXOWL INC has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at (833) 807-4006 or
privacy@pixowl.com
. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com
.
To view the PRIVO verified page for the COPPA Safe Harbor program please visit this link:
https://cert.privo.com/#
/companies/pixowl
Information we collect
The Applications do not actively collect information from users 13 and under. The Application collects localisation information, device model, OS version, IP address, UDID and geolocation information at country or state level. Younger users are unable to create an account or access sharing features within the Application.
Third Parties
We do work with some third party service providers in relation to children 13 years of age or under. Younger users are unable to create an account or access sharing features within the Applications. These ad networks serve contextual ads and do not share user data with any other third parties. For more information on these third party service providers, please review their privacy policies.
Ad Colony:
http://www.adcolony.
com/privacy-policy/
Applovin:
https://www.
applovin.com/privacy/
Chartboost:
https://answers.
chartboost.com/hc/en-us/
articles/200780269
IronSource:
https://
developers.ironsrc.com/
ironsource-mobile/air/
ironsource-mobile-privacy-
policy/Unity
:
https://unity3d.
com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle:
https://vungle.com/
privacy/
We work with Crashlytics to help report bugs and game crashes. Crashlytics does not collect any custom data. For more information, please see the Crashlytics privacy policy:
http://try.
crashlytics.com/terms/
Google Analytics for Firebase:
https://firebase.
google.com/support/privacy
Google Analytics uses the data to provide analytics and attribution information. The precise information collected can vary by device and environment.  No data is collected for users under 13 years old on the US.
We work with Helpshift for customer support. We use the enableFullPrivacy flag to ensure that personal information is not collected through the Helpshift dashboard. For more information, please review Helpshift’s privacy policy:
https://www.helpshift.
com/privacypolicy/
If you have any questions about our children’s privacy policy please email us at:
privacy@pixowl.com
.
General Privacy Policy
Collection and use of personal data
The Applications collect localisation information, device model, OS version, language, IP address, IDFA and UDID. This information is used to improve the quality of service and to provide general statistics about the Applications. Users have the option to create an account with a nickname and email address.
In addition to the third party service providers listed above, we work with the following third party providers in relation to users 13 and older:·
Adjust
https://www.adjust.com/
terms/privacy-policy/
Leanplum
https://www.leanplum.
com/privacy
Tap Research:
https://www.
tapresearch.com/legal/privacy-
policy-en·
Disclosure
PIXOWL may disclose personal information only if required by law or in case there is the firm belief that such action is necessary to:
· Comply with laws and local regulations;
· Protect and defend the rights or property of the Application and PIXOWL INC.
· In the event that the company is merged or sold.
Links
We may include links to third parties from the website or services. We aren’t responsible for these companies and because we have a link doesn’t mean we endorse them. Your use of our services may be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of other services that we don’t control such as mobile app stores, mobile software platforms or payment processors. Please be sure to check their privacy policies if you decide to visit them.
Security
The Applications use generally accepted security measures and safeguards in an attempt to keep the data it collects secure and requires that the third parties it works with agree to do the same. The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to those persons who need it to complete their work for the Applications and using a fire-wall protected environment and storing personal information in secure operating environments. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
Control and access to personal information
If you would like to review, remove or delete any of your information please contact us at:
privacy@pixowl.com
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you are a parent and you have questions about your child’s use of the service, you may contact us by email at
privacy@pixowl.com
, by phone at (833) 807-4006, or by mail at:
PIXOWL INC.
350 Townsend Street #836
SAN FRANCISCO, CA
94107