Younick Games
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Younick Games
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
July 22, 2020
Privacy Policy
This policy covers Younick Games ’s use of personal information collected when you use Younick Games websites and related services we here collectively call ‘Services’. We cannot do all the things needed to make and run the Services by ourselves so we share information with third parties collectively called our ‘Partners’. This policy covers:
What data is collect and how it is collect and stored.
What the data is used for.
What you can do.
Data we get automatically
Younick Games and its Partners collect data from its Services automatically from the device, cookies, the service itself or from other Partner services we use. The data can include:
Profile information – including specific images used to identify you in games.
Progress – data on your save file and unlocks.
Behaviour – information about how you interact with our Services.
Unique identifiers – this could be identifiers for devices and Advertising IDs.
Configuration – specifics such as browser used, language, general location, precise location (GPS if allowed) device type, version of software and operating system.
Demographic Data – such as your age range and interests, used for advertising and analytic grouping.
Data from communication
You may provide data to us for support purposes or when contacting us, in email and through social platforms like Twitter. This helps us communicate with you and sort out issues you may be having. This could be:
Unique identifiers – this could be identifiers for devices and Advertising IDs.
Configuration – specifics such as browser used, language, general location, precise location (GPS if allowed) device type, version of software and operating system.
How your data is kept and accessed
We keep the majority of data in your devices or in secure third-party services that use technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration. Data from communication is secured locally. We also have the following procedures in place:
Limit staff access to data – only giving access to staff that have legitimate business use.
Encrypt data – to make data not identifiable.
Policy Reviews - regular reviews of our data security procedures.
Our Services work globally and our Partners are also global. Your data can be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries can have different data protection laws, younickgames@gmail.com. and its Partners take steps to ensure safeguards are in place to protect your data when transferring it.
We use Partners with a Privacy Shield certification and have contracts in place to enforce data is handled safely using industry-standard practices such as firewalls, encryption, password protection and access controls.
Whilst we do our best to protect your data, when transmitting data to us, we cannot guarantee the security of that data. Any transmission is at your own risk. We do not actively monitor the security of all Services and need to rely on our Partners to notify us of any data breaches.
How long data is kept for
We will try to get rid of any data we don’t need and if you want us to remove your data, see the what you can do section.
Data, such as game save files and your profile, that is needed to run the Service will be held for as long as you need our Services. Our Partners may have different policies on how long they keep data so we encourage you to use the links in the what Partners we use section, and review their privacy policies.
Where we can, we aim to keep data for only 26 months unless it is needed to run the Service or if it is needed for “legitimate business interests”. Legitimate business interests means we need it to help with any legal issue that may come up, such as to resolve any issues with our agreements or to provide details of revenue for tax purposes. What the data is used for
When either ourselves or our Partners use the data, we may group and segment it to make the data more usable. This can be data from different sources and is used to find patterns and trends. To provide great Services to you, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data.
We may also disclose your data to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others. We will only disclose information with your consent where we are legally able.
To improve our Services
We want to make a great product for you and we need data to do that so we may monitor, analyse, profile and segment data to do this. This means we may group data and reference data to see if we can identify patterns. We use this data for things like adjusting the game difficulty, seeing and fixing a crash or to show you events based on your location.
We use data to provide support with the Services in terms of issues specific to you, and answer questions you may have.
We use data to save your status and preferences so the Service is tailored to you, for example, we make sure each time you play it is in the language of your choosing and ensure you can play from where you left off. Sometimes this means we have to make or update an account or profile for you.
To make Services more social
We believe some Services need to have social elements. Because of this, we may offer and link to other Partners social features to help you communicate with others.
We may moderate chats either automatically or manually so we may need to monitor the use of the Service and its social features.
Other users will be able to see things you have shared.
To make money
We need money to keep making games.
We use data to show adverts that are more relevant to you, which pay more because Advertisers show less of them to get customers. As they pay more, we make more money from these targeted adverts meaning we can make more games and updates, and show less adverts.
We also get revenue from payments and need to store records of transactions.
Communicate with you
We use your data to communicate with you according to your preferences, when we think you may need information about the Services we provide such as support messages and important updates.
What you can do
Child Protection Policy
We do not knowingly keep or use personally identifiable data of children. If you are legally considered a child, do not provide any of your personal data to us.
If we have mistakenly collected any data of a child, we will delete this data as soon as we can, so please let us know by emailing younickgames@gmail.com..
For parents or guardians, if you want to review or amend your child's information, ask to have it deleted, and/or refuse to allow any further collection or use of your child's information, then please send an email to younickgames@gmail.com.. Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you. To protect your child's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the information that we collect and maintain about your child.
Access to your data
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. This may also affect our Services to you, for example, you may not be able to enter any competitions or make any in game purchases.
Please make all requests to
younickgames@gmail.com.
If you wish to limit behaviourally targeted advertising, you can do so by limiting ad tracking in your device settings. Please note that opt-outs are specific to each browser and device and it may take a little bit of time before the opt-out will take effect.
For mobile advertising in apps, you can reset your Advertising Identifier and depending on your device, select to opt out of interest-based ads (Android) or turn on the Limit Ad Tracking setting (iOS).
Partner Opt-Out
For individual partner opt-outs, please see the relevant privacy policies listed in the what Partners we use section.
Note that like us, our Partners may retain your data as necessary for legitimate business interests, such as to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. Partner Opt-out’s may also affect our Services to you, for example, you may not be able to enter any competitions or make any in game purchases.
Questions
If you have any questions about the practices in this document, or about data protection, or if you want to resolve issues about your personal data please contact us through our games or by mail or email to younickgames@gmail.com.
Complaints
If you are not satisfied with the way your query or complaint is handled by
Younick Games please let us know by emailing us at contact  younickgames@gmail.com. . If you are still unhappy, you may refer your complaint to your local data protection regulator. For example, in the United Kingdom this is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
What Partners we use
The Service includes features from our Partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. These Partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies as either controllers, or processors acting on our behalf. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
See below for a link to their privacy policies:
younickgames@gmail.com.
younickgames@gmail.com.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
CLIX
25 March 2021 at 08:31
I’m stuck on the tutorial screen and it won’t go away
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unknown
1 March 2022 at 00:46
Am I allowed to use your program in my own video?
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unknown
10 March 2022 at 23:13
Umhiyli poluo PU to pkj ll il ljy 5 jul UK on my owt kyu pi u ii p ki pi glu to o ii 7l jul I pi u of ii l ii pi lo oo post oo it pi I lo iiu ko ii loki lok oo uiip ii I ii o th puo ii pi lon PM m ok ul I ok ypop
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Younick Games
Visit profile
Archive
July 2020
1
Report Abuse