Idle School Tycoon privacy policy
The introduction
Privacy information refers to the secrets
that citizens do not want to disclose or know for others in their personal
lives. Idle School Tycoon fame attaches great importance to the protection of users'
privacy information. When you use Idle School Tycoon fame products and services, Funny
Golf fame may collect and use your relevant information. I hope this policy can
explain to you the information that a shot to fame may collect (including the
collection method), the purpose of collecting the information, the shot to fame
and how you can protect the security of the information. Please read this
policy carefully before using all of our products and services and make sure
you understand our rules regarding your personal information. If you have any
questions about this privacy agreement, please contact us for consultation. If
you do not agree to any of the terms of this privacy agreement, you shall
immediately stop using the well-known products and services. Once you choose to
use or in a bar after fame update this privacy policy (a pole fame will prompt
you to update in time) continue to use a famous products and services, it
indicates that you agree and accept all content of this policy (updated
version), and agreed to a bar fame according to this policy to collect, use,
save and share your information.
I. information we may collect
Ii. Purposes and rules of use of the
information we collect
Iii. Information sharing, transfer and
disclosure
Four, our information security
protection
V. your management of personal
information
Vi. Protection of minors' information
Vii. Exemption clause
Viii. Scope of application of this
policy
Ix. Revision and effective date of this
policy
I. information we may collect
Information is collected to provide better
service to all users. The main sources of information collected are: the
information you provide to the club, the information you obtain in the process
of using the club products and services, and your information Shared by third
parties. The types of information collected for Idle School Tycoon fame mainly include
the following:
1. Personal information
Personal information refers to all kinds of
information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a natural
person's personal identity independently or in combination with other
information, including but not limited to the name, date of birth, id number,
personal biometric information, address, telephone number, etc.
You sign up for an account or use one
famous products and services, after your approval and confirm the one famous
may collect the relevant personal information you provided, such as name,
gender, age, date of birth, id number, bank card number, E-mail address, phone
number, address, occupation, education degree, etc.
2. Equipment information
Device information refers to the device
information you use when using a well-known product or service.
When you use a well-known product or
service, the information related to the device you use will be collected, such
as device name, device model, device identification code, operating system and
application version, language Settings, resolution, service provider network ID
(pLMN), etc. This information can help a club to provide you with better
information display or product service.
3. Location information
Location information refers to the
information collected about your location when you turn on the device location
function and use the related services provided by location based on one shot,
mainly including:
(1) when you turn on the device positioning
function and use the related products or services of Idle School Tycoon fame, Funny
Golf fame may use GpS, WiFi or other technical means to collect and process
information about your actual location.
(2) real-time information provided by you
or other users, including your geographical location. Such as the Shared
information you or others upload that shows where you are or were
geographically located, or the geo-tagged information contained in the photos
you or others share.
(3) if you do not want to be accessed, you
may choose to turn off the relevant functions in the device or product/service,
but this may affect the popularity of providing relevant services to you.
4. Log information
When you use a well-known product or
service, the system may automatically collect some information through cookies
or other means and store it in the server log. Such information may include:
(1) the detailed use of Idle School Tycoon fame
products and services, such as the search terms you use, the page address you
visit, and other information and content details you browse or request to
provide when using Idle School Tycoon fame services; User habit statistics, such as
setting item information when using one-stroke fame input method, times of
using some keys, times of words on the screen, etc., are anonymous, and
one-stroke fame cannot be located to specific users based on uploaded data.
(2) device or software information, such as
configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser, or other
program used to access an established product or service, the version used by
the mobile device, and the device identification code, etc.
(3) device event information, such as
crash, system activity and other information.
(4) Ip address.
5. Other information collected with your consent.
Ii. Usage and usage rules of Idle School Tycoon
fame information collection
(a) we may use the information collected
for the following purposes:
1. When providing products and services, it
is used for authentication, customer service, security prevention, archiving
and backup purposes to ensure the security of products and services provided to
you by Idle School Tycoon fame.
2. Guarantee the normal realization of the
functions of the products or services provided for you. For example, in order
to realize the personalized recommendation function for you, understand how you
access and use the well-known products and services, so as to respond to your
personalized needs, such as language Settings, location Settings, personalized
help services and instructions, or other aspects of your response to you and
other users.
3. Improve existing products and services
and improve user experience. For example,
(1) a shot of fame may collect your
browsing information, your interests and hobbies (you can choose from the
account Settings) for data analysis to show you the service information you are
interested in; Or show you what you might want to find when you search.
(2) a bar fame may also to provide the
service and improve the service quality of reasonable need for your other
information, including when you contact the customer service you provide the
relevant information, when you participate in the questionnaire survey to a
famous send questionnaire response information, and when you interact with one
famous one famous for relevant information.
(3) for information gleaned from your
various devices, a shot in the arm may correlate them so that a consistent
service can be provided to you on those devices.
(4) a shot in the arm may combine
information from one service with information from other services to provide
you with services, personalized content and advice.
4. Help a brand name design new products
and services. For example a shot to fame in provide certain products or
services, might ask the user to participate in the "user experience
improvement plan", to the user experience improvement programme of users,
a bar fame will according to the need of the usage of each function of products
and services, so that we can improve the quality of products and services,
according to the analysis of statistics are helpful to users of the innovative
products and services. If you do not want to participate in the program, you
may choose to turn off the relevant functions in the relevant
products/services.
5. Idle School Tycoon fame may use your relevant
information to provide you with more relevant advertising or promotion
information. A shot at fame may also use your information to provide or promote
a shot at fame or third-party goods and services through a shot at fame
service, email, or other means to send you marketing messages. If you do not
wish your personal information to be used for the purposes mentioned above by
one member, you may request one member to stop using your personal information
for the purposes mentioned above through the relevant channels provided in one
member's products or services.
6. Software certification or management
software upgrade.
7. Your authorization is not required to
collect and use your information in accordance with laws and regulations in the
following circumstances:
(1) those related to national security and
national defense security;
(2) those related to public security,
public health or major public interests;
(3) those related to criminal
investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
(4) for the purpose of safeguarding the
major lawful rights and interests of the subject of personal information or
other individuals, such as life and property, but it is difficult to obtain the
consent of the subject;
(5) those necessary to maintain the safe
and stable operation of the products and/or services provided, such as the discovery
and disposal of faults in the products and/or services;
(6) those necessary for legitimate news
reporting;
(7) when it is necessary for an academic
research institution to conduct statistics or academic research based on the
public interest, and the results of academic research or description are
provided to the public, the personal information contained in the results are
de-identified;
(8) other circumstances prescribed by laws
and regulations.
8. Other USES approved by you.
In order to let you have a better
experience, improve one famous products and services, or for other USES, you
agree to in accord with relevant laws and regulations under the premise of a
lever to fame may be collected by a product or service information, in order to
gather information or personalized way, for others a rod products and services.
For example, the information collected when you use a service that has become
famous may be used in another service to provide you with specific content or
to show you information that is relevant to you and not universally pushed. If
a shot is provided with an option in the relevant service, you can also
authorize a shot to use the information provided and stored by that service for
other services in which a shot is available.
(ii) rules for the use of your personal
information
1. Idle School Tycoon fame will use the information
collected in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy to realize
the product and/or service functions of Idle School Tycoon fame.
2. After collecting your personal
information, the Idle School Tycoon winner will de-identify the data through technical
means, and the de-identified information will not identify the subject. Please
understand and agree that, in this case, a shot of fame has the right to use
the information that has been de-identified; Without disclosing your personal
information, you have the right to analyze the user database and use it
commercially.
3. Please note that all personal
information provided by you during the use of Idle School Tycoon products and/or services
will be continuously authorized for the use of Idle School Tycoon products and/or
services during the use of the Idle School Tycoon products and/or services, unless you
delete or reject the Idle School Tycoon collection through system Settings. When you
cancel your account, one shot will stop using and delete your personal
information.
4. Shot to fame statistics are collected on
the use of shot to fame products and/or services and may be Shared with the
public or third parties to demonstrate the overall usage trend of shot to fame
products and/or services. However, these statistics do not contain any
identifying information about you.
5. When a shot of fame shows your personal
information, a shot of fame will desensitize your information by means of
content replacement and anonymous processing to protect your information
security.
6. When a club member intends to use your
personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or
information collected for a specific purpose is used for other purposes, your
prior consent will be sought by checking the box on your own initiative.
Iii. Information sharing, transfer and
disclosure
(1) information sharing
1. One shot at fame will not share your
personal information with any company, organization or individual other than
one shot at fame, except:
(1) obtain your express consent or
authorization in advance;
(2) in accordance with applicable laws and
regulations, as required by legal procedures, as required by mandatory
administrative or judicial requirements;
(3) to the extent permitted by laws and
regulations, it is necessary to provide for the protection of the interests, property
or safety of a fame or partner, you or other fame users or the public;
(4) only by sharing your information can
you realize the core functions of a well-known product and/or service or
provide the services you need;
(5) to handle disputes or disputes between
you and others as required by you;
(6) provided in accordance with relevant
agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and
corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;
(7) based on academic research;
(8) it is used in accordance with the
social and public interests of laws and regulations.
2. A shot at fame may share your personal
information with a shot at fame affiliate. But a shot to fame will only share
the necessary personal information, subject to this privacy policy. If a
well-known related party wants to change the processing purpose of personal
information, it will seek your authorization again.
3. One shot of fame may share your
information with third parties such as partners to ensure the smooth completion
of services provided for you. However, a shot to fame will only share your
personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and specific
purposes, and only share the personal information necessary to provide
services. An established partner is not entitled to share personal information
for any other purpose.
4. For companies, organizations and
individuals who share personal information with a famous person, a famous
person will be required to abide by its confidentiality agreement, requiring
them to deal with personal information in accordance with the instructions of a
famous person, this privacy policy and any other relevant confidentiality and
security measures.
5. To exchange information with other
companies and organizations in order to comply with laws, enforce or apply the
terms of use and other agreements of one-club fame, or to protect the rights of
one-club fame, you or other one-club fame customers, as well as their property
or security, such as to prevent fraud and other illegal activities and reduce
credit risk. However, this does not include personal information sold, rented,
Shared or otherwise disclosed for profitable purposes in violation of the
undertakings made in this privacy policy.
(2) transfer of information
Idle School Tycoon fame does not transfer your
personal information to any company, organization or individual, except:
(1) obtain your express consent or authorization
in advance;
(2) in accordance with applicable laws and
regulations, as required by legal procedures, as required by mandatory
administrative or judicial requirements;
(3) provided in accordance with relevant
agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and
corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;
(4) in the case of a merger, acquisition,
asset transfer or similar transaction involving the transfer of personal
information, one-stroke fame will require the new company or organization
holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy
policy; otherwise, one-stroke fame will require the company or organization to
seek authorization from you again.
(3) disclosure of information
Your personal information will only be
publicly disclosed if:
(1) you agree or authorize the disclosure
of one shot of fame;
(2) if you use the Shared function;
(3) if your personal information must be
provided according to the requirements of laws and regulations, mandatory
administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, your personal
information may be publicly disclosed according to the required type of
personal information and disclosure method. On the premise of comply with the
laws and regulations, when a bar fame received the above disclosure request,
one famous will demand must provide relevant legal documents with one famous
all the requests for the careful review, to ensure its legal basis, and is
limited to law enforcement agencies for specific research purposes and has a
legal right to obtain data;
(4) in case of emergency, in order to
protect your legitimate rights and interests or public safety and interests of
others;
(5) comply with the provisions of the user
agreement or other similar agreement for the products and services related to a
well-known brand.
Four, our information security
protection
1. Keep your personal information only for
the period necessary for the purposes described in this policy and for the time
limits required by laws and regulations.
2. Technical measures for data security:
the company will adopt security measures in line with industry standards,
including establishing reasonable rules and regulations and security
technologies to prevent your personal information from being used, modified or
damaged or lost by unauthorized access; A champion will use security technology
and procedures to monitor and record network operation status and network security
incidents, and take necessary technical measures to ensure network security, in
case of information loss, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure. For
example, in some services, a Idle School Tycoon winner will use encryption to protect
the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to
technical limitations and possible malicious means, it is impossible to
guarantee 100% security of information in the Internet industry, even if every
effort is made to strengthen security measures. You need to understand that the
systems and communications networks you use to access a well-known product or
service can be compromised by factors outside the control of a well-known
product or service.
3. Idle School Tycoon fame only allows employees and
partners who need to know such information to access personal information, and
sets up strict access control and monitoring mechanism. A shot to fame also
requires all personnel who may have access to your personal information to
perform the corresponding confidentiality obligations. Failure to meet these
obligations could result in legal action or suspension of a successful
partnership.
4. Idle School Tycoon fame will take all reasonable
and practicable measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not
collected. Idle School Tycoon fame will retain your personal information only for the
period required to achieve the purpose stated in the cost policy, unless the
retention period is extended or permitted by law.
5. You may disclose your personal information
by providing, uploading or Posting content and information (such as photos of
your personal activities) while using a well-known product or service. You need
to carefully consider whether to disclose personal information when using a
well-known product or service. In some cases, you can control the range of
users who have access to your Shared information through a single set of
privacy Settings for certain products and services.
6. The Internet is not an absolutely secure
environment, and it is impossible to determine whether E-mail, instant
messaging, social software and other ways of communication with other users are
completely encrypted.
7. Security event processing: in response
to the personal information leakage, damage and loss of possible risks, such as
a lever to fame set up specialized emergency response team, in accordance with
the relevant company security incident disposal regulations, according to
different security event initiated safety plans, stop-loss, analysis and
redress, combined related departments for traceability and blow. At the same
time, according to the requirements of laws and regulations, Idle School Tycoon winners
will inform you in a timely manner of the basic situation and possible impact
of security incidents, the disposal measures taken or to be taken by Idle School Tycoon
winners, Suggestions that you can prevent and reduce risks, and remedial
measures for you. At the same time, Idle School Tycoon fame will timely inform you of
the event by email, letter, phone, push notification and other means. When it
is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, Funny
Golf fame will take a reasonable and effective way to release the announcement.
At the same time, a shot of fame will also be in accordance with the
requirements of the regulatory department, the initiative to report the
disposal of personal information security incidents.
V. your management of personal
information
1. You have the right to access, correct
and delete your personal information; However, the deletion or modification of
relevant information may affect your use of relevant products or services or
result in the implementation of some functions.
2. You have the right to change the scope
of your authorization or withdraw your authorization; You can change the scope
of your authorization to continue collecting personal information or revoke
your authorization by deleting information, turning off device features, or
setting privacy Settings on your website or software. You can also withdraw
your full authorization to continue collecting your personal information by
canceling your account. Please understand that each business function needs
some basic personal information to be completed. When you withdraw your consent
or authorization, Idle School Tycoon fame will no longer be able to provide you with
the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, nor
will it process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision
to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the processing of
personal information based on your authorization.
3. You can also directly apply for the
cancellation of the relevant product account if the agreed conditions of the
relevant products are met. After you cancel your account, the Idle School Tycoon winner
will cease to provide you with products and/or services and, at your request,
will delete your personal information unless otherwise specified by law or
regulation.
4. Idle School Tycoon winners shall take
appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can inquire, supplement,
correct or delete your personal data, or apply for Idle School Tycoon winners to
supplement, correct or delete relevant information through the feedback or complaint
channels released by Idle School Tycoon winners related products or services; Upon
receipt of your application, it will be processed according to the procedure
(for example, you may be required to provide relevant certificates to confirm
your identity).
5. If you are unable to access, correct or
delete your personal information, or you need to access, correct or delete you
in the use of a lever produced during the famous products and/or services of
other personal information, or do you think of one famous there is any
violation of laws and regulations or with you about the provisions of the
personal information collected or use, you can be released by one famous
official feedback channels or related products or services by email contact one
famous 1265666748 @qq.com.
Vi. Protection of minors' information
1. Idle School Tycoon fame attaches great
importance to the protection of minors' personal information. If you are a
minor under the age of 18, you should obtain the prior consent of your parent
or legal guardian (hereinafter referred to as the "guardian") before
submitting your personal information.
2. Idle School Tycoon fame encourages guardians to
instruct minors to use Idle School Tycoon fame products and services, and suggests
minors to encourage their guardians to read this policy.
3. The guardian shall bear the primary
responsibility for protecting the privacy rights of minors in the network
environment.
4. Idle School Tycoon winners shall protect the
relevant information of minors according to relevant national laws and regulations.
Vii. Exemption clause
In addition to the exceptions set out in
this policy, no liability shall be borne for the following:
1. Any personal data leaked, lost, stolen
or tampered due to you informing others of the user password, sharing the registered
account with others or other improper personal care.
2. Any personal data leakage, loss, theft
or tampering caused by force majeure that affects the normal operation of the
network, such as hacking, computer virus invasion or outbreak, temporary shutdown
caused by government regulation, etc.
3. The disclosure of personal information
and any legal disputes and consequences arising from the disclosure of personal
information by other websites linked to a famous bar.
4. The disclosure of personal information
caused by other reasons other than Idle School Tycoon fame and any legal disputes and
consequences arising therefrom.
Viii. Scope of application of this
policy
1. This policy applies to all products and
services. Specific privacy policies for certain products and services will be
specifically specified in the agreement for the use of the relevant products
and services or in separate privacy agreements. The privacy terms for such
specific products and services form part of this policy. If the privacy terms
for a particular product or service are inconsistent with this policy, the
privacy terms for that particular product or service shall apply.
2. This policy only applies to the
information collected by one famous brand and does not apply to the products
and services provided by any third party or the rules for the use of the
information of any third party. For example, the information collected by the
third party products and services (including any third party website) received
through one famous brand does not apply to this policy. Idle School Tycoon fame assumes
no responsibility for any third party's use of the information provided by you.
3. If you have any questions about this
privacy policy in the use of Idle School Tycoon fame products and services, you can
contact Idle School Tycoon fame through the official feedback channel of the relevant
products or services published by Idle School Tycoon fame or via email
lianqiangliu@gmail.com.
Ix. Revision and effective date of this
policy
A shot in the arm may amend the terms of
this policy in due course and such amendments form part of this policy. The
revised Idle School Tycoon policy will be issued in time. If you continue to use a
well-known product or service, you agree to be bound by an amended privacy
policy.
The policy was released on November 24,
2019 and will take effect from November 25, 2019.