Mobile Games Hive - privacypolicy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Mobile Games Hive
Home
privacypolicy
Mobile Games Hive
Home
privacypolicy
More
Home
privacypolicy
Privacy Policy
Updated: July 19, 2022
Mobile Games Hive (hereinafter referred to as “We”) cares about your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides information on how we collect, process and protect your personal data in all our operations, when you visit or use any Mobile Games Hive Offering. Our privacy policy applies only to Personal data that you will provide to us or allow third party sites to deliver us.
1.
General Provision:
By accessing and using any Mobile Games Hive Offering you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. By Downloading and installing you fully accept the terms of privacy.
2.
Consent:
By Connecting, Using or accessing our Apps you agree to our Privacy Policy. It means that you have read carefully about the collection and use of your personal information. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Personal Information:
We may collect and receive information which may be considered personal data according to applicable laws in a variety of ways. Users of the App/Game automatically provide their IP address mainly for enhancing the User’s experience and for geo-location and security purposes. We do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you without your approval, it is obtained through your acceptance to the Privacy Policy and from Consent Dialog within the App/Game.
3.
Automatically Collected Information:
When you access any Mobile Games Hive services, we may automatically record certain information from your system by using cookies and other types of tracking technologies. Depending on the law of your country of residence, your IP address may legally be considered personal information.
4.
Service Providers (Third Party):
We may obtain information, including personal information, from third parties and sources other than the Services, such as advertisers or social media networks. We may disclose your personal data to third party service providers, who require access to such information for the purpose of providing specific services to us.
Below are provider names of some of the third-party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
·
Admob
·
Unity
·
Firebase
·
Game Analytics
·
AppLovin
·
IronSource
·
ConsoliAds
·
Adcolony
·
Vungle
·
InMobi
5.
Security:
We will take all reasonable precautions necessary to protect your personal data from loss, misuse and interference, unauthorized access, disclosure, use or modification. The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
6.
Analytics:
The Applications can use technologies of collection and processing of anonymized information provided by the outside business services providers: Google Analytics, Firebase Analytics, and Unity Analytics. These outside providers can have access to the following data: the identifier of your device, IP-address, location (based on IP-address to the accuracy of country, region, and city) which enables them to provide their services according to their privacy policies.
7.
Advertising:
By using our Games/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. To develop and improve the Service and player experience. Cross Promoting our Apps and services, meaning we may promote one of our Apps while you are playing a different App of ours.
8.
With regard to Children:
These Services are not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 13. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under the age of thirteen are not using the Site. Meanwhile, the person under 13 are not allowed to provide any kind of personal information. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Data, we will delete such information from our files. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
9.
Right to delete your Personal Data:
We hereby inform our users that whenever we will not be needed our user’s affiliated/non-affiliated information, we will delete all their data, wouldn’t matter its nature. Also we will make sure the exact data deletion of our users by all third party partners.
10.
Changes to the Privacy Policy:
With time, we might update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to the manner we handle information. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.
Contact us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at mobilegameshive@gmail.com
All Rights Reserved by Mobile Games Hive
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse