Sarper Şoher | Independent Game Developer
GAMES
NEWS
ABOUT
CONTACT
Last Bastion is out on Steam!
Sarper Şoher Privacy Policy
Last updated 06 Nov 2021
Sarper Şoher
does not collect, use or share any personally identifiable user information
through his website (
https://www.sarpersoher.com
) or any of his video game titles.
The only collected data consists of anonymous information on how the user interacts with the games
. The data being collected helps improving the games by better understanding the difficulty curve and general interaction issues the players are having. You can find a complete list of information that is being collected below.
Which in-game screens the users interact with.
If an in-game cutscene is started, skipped or finished.
Start of a new game session.
Start of a new in-game level.
Completion of an in-game level.
Losing the game and the opening of the "game over" screen.
Player explicitly quitting the game during a level.
Player starting the in-game tutorial.
Player completing or quitting the tutorial.
Player unlocking an in-game achievement.
Player opening the in-game store and purchasing an in-game item with games soft currency.
Player opening the in-game store and purchasing an In App Purchase with real currency.
As stated above,
none of the collected data listed above contains any personally identifiable user information (e.g. gender, age, location, etc.)
.
Sarper Şoher utilizes third party systems listed below, the listed services may collect additional information. Please refer to their Privacy Policy addresses given with the list below for more information on each specific item. You can also opt-out from their services using their given addresses.
Google Analytics and Admob
Privacy Policy
Opt-out
Unity Analytics and Unity Ads Network
Privacy Policy
If you have any questions or concerns please contact Sarper Şoher using the contact form in his website
https://www.sarpersoher.com/#contact
&COPY; 2021 Sarper Şoher. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks referenced are the properties of their respective owners.
Privacy Policy