QuickratEntertainment
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
QuickratEntertainment
Quickrat Entertainment
Privacy Policy
This Game or App is provided by Quickrat Entertainment  and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use this Game. If you choose to use our Product, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that Quickrat Entertainment collect is used for providing and improving the Product. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
The app does use third party services that may collect data about the User’s interests to be able to select more relevant advertisements. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app.
Log Data
In a case of an error in the app can collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Terms of Services
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
 To facilitate our App or Game;  To provide the Service on our behalf;
 To perform Service-related services; or
 To assist us in analyzing how our App or Game is used.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Therefore, review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at quickratntertainment@gmail.com .
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse