Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Kigle Co., Ltd. (“Kigle”, “the Company”, “we”, or “our”) understands the importance of personal information that users provide to the Company while using Kigle’s mobile application services ( “Kigle Services”) and we do our best to protect the personal information collected through Kigle Services.
① The Company complies with the relevant personal information protection regulations, which information and communication service providers must comply with, such as the principles of COPPA, a U.S. law designed to protect the online privacy of children, and GDPR, an EU law designed to protect and empower the owners of personal data (“data subjects”), in terms that regulated the privacy of children. The Company is committed to protecting user rights by establishing a privacy policy under the relevant laws.
② The Company provides users with information about the collection and utilization of personal information, and the Company’s technical protection measures to ensure the safety of personal information in the Privacy Policy available on the website (
http://kiglestudio.com/privacy_policy/eng/
) , also accessible through Kigle Services by users at any time.
③ This Privacy Policy is subject to change due to changes in the relevant laws and guidelines, changes in the Company’s internal policies, etc. In the event of changes to the policy, the Company immediately announces the reason and contents of the change on the website (
http://kiglestudio.com/privacy_policy/eng/
) or in Kigle Services.
1. Processing of Personal Information
The company does not intentionally collect personal information that can identify individuals, but may collect personal information after obtaining consent from users for the following reasons.
First, the Company may collect the following personal information from users for various services including the purpose of creating an account for Kigle Services, and customer support services.
① Email Address
② Mobile device information (model name, OS type and version, serial number, etc.)
③ Network information (location format, Wi-Fi information)
④ Application version, payment record, service usage and defect usage record, visiting record, activity log, and cookie record
Secondly, If users participate in a promotional event, we may collect the contact information, address, etc for the purpose of prize delivery upon the winning of the event.
Thirdly, the personal information collected may vary due to the individual characteristics of each Kigle Services provided by the Company. If the personal information collected is not in accordance with the principles of Privacy Policies, we will notify users and request a consent through Kigle Services.
Fourthly, location-aware advertisements from third-party advertising service providers may collect location information and temporarily utilize the information without storing the information such as information on the actual location (i.e. GPS signal sent from a mobile device) or nearby Wi-Fi access point and sensor data of device that can provide information of the base station. However, this use of location information is irrelevant to Kigle.
2. Personal Information Collection Methods and Consent
First, Kigle Services provides a procedure for users to opt-in or opt-out with the “Agree” or “Cancel” button concerning the Company’s collection and use of personal information. Users clicking and selecting “Agree” is therefore considered as an agreement of the collection and use of personal information. When users select “Cancel”, there may be restrictions in the use of Kigle Services.
Secondly, the company may collect personal information in the following ways
① Collection through information voluntarily provided by users while using the Company’s Kigle Services.
② Automatic collection while running or using the Company’s Kigle Services.
③ Collection of information generated by third-party information collection modules.
④ Collection of information by cookies.
⑤ Information provided by partner companies.
⑥ Information provided by users while entering an online and offline promotional event (through websites, customer service, telephone, fax, entering a promotional event, delivery request of goods, etc)
3. Collection and Utilization Purpose of Personal Information
First, the Company’s purpose of collection and utilization of personal information is as follows.
① Performance regarding service agreement and payment therein (Providing of contents and settling fees of content use, preservation of transaction details, user identification, etc)
② Member management and prevention of wrongful use (Conservation of user records for user customer service, preservation of records to handle disputes, prevention of illegal use and fraudulent use, to deliver notices, conserve user access records, complaint management, etc)
③ Development of new service and utilization in marketing/advertisement (Validation of real services, providing opportunities for promotional event progress and participation, providing services based on demographic characteristics, advertising, and identifying frequency of access)
④ Customer service (Identification of customer service recipient, confirmation of service content, contact/notification for investigation of fact, notification of processing result, etc)
⑤ App usage optimization and verification of network connectivity
⑥ Utilization of Push Adverstisements
Secondly, the user’s personal information is destroyed without delay when the purpose of collection and use of personal information has been achieved. The Company does not collect personal information that violates the law of COPPA and GDPR. The information users provide will not be used for any other purpose than the purpose that has been informed to users in advance, and the Company will not knowingly share or disclose personal information to any third-party.
4. Operation and Rejection of Automatic Personal Information Collection Device
First, the Company uses an automatic personal information collection device to store and retrieve user information.
Secondly, the Company may use independent third-party information collecting modules to investigate the use of Kigle Services, operation stability, and the prevention of fraud. Refer below to the third-party Privacy Policies on the management of information collected by the personal information acquisition/analysis module.
Firebase (Provided by Google LLC)
Items Collected: Firebase Instance ID, number of users, number of session, session retention time, OS, device model type, region, first-time play, app play, in-app play data
Purpose of Collection: To investigate user usage, traffic, and play data
Firebase Privacy Policy Statement :
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=ko
Thirdly, users have the right to choose to opt-in or opt-out of the automatic collection of personal information. However, if the user decides to opt-out of the automatic collection of personal information, the user may experience difficulty in using some services.
5. Sharing and Providing Personal Information
The Company utilizes user’s personal information within the scopes outlined in [3. Collection and Utilization Purpose of Personal Information], and does not utilize personal information outside the scope unless there is prior consent from the user. In principle, the Company also does not disclose user's personal information to third parties. However, exceptions shall be made for the following cases.
① When prescribed by law or when requested by the investigating agency in accordance with the procedures and method prescribed by law for the purpose of an investigation
② When it is necessary to settle charges regarding the provided service
③ When information is provided for statistical preparation, academic research, or market research in a form that a particular individual is indistinguishable.
④ When the Terms and Conditions of Service posted in Kigle Services, the Terms and Conditions of Service of membership services, etc are violated
⑤ Where legal measures are taken for acts that cause mental and material damage to others by using Kigle Services
⑥ When the users have given prior consent to the disclosure
6. Consignment of Collected Personal Information Processing
The Company does not currently consign personal information but may entrust the consignee with the user's personal information to improve Kigle Services. Personal information will be safely managed in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. Before we implement a consignment, a notice will be posted on Kigle Services and our website.
7. Destroying and separate retention of personal information
In principle, the user’s personal information is destroyed without delay when the purpose of collection and use of personal information has been achieved. The Company’s procedure and method for destroying personal information are as follows
Destroying method
- Personal information in hardcopy shall be destroyed by way of utilizing paper shredder or incineration.
- Personal information in softcopy shall be deleted technically to prevent any restoration.
8. Technical/Managerial Measures regarding
        Personal Information Protection
The Company is taking the following technical/managerial protection measures in order to ensure safety from loss, theft, leak, forgery, or damage of personal information during processing.
① Encryption of personal information
- As the user’s password is stored and managed through encryption, only the relevant member can recognize it, and separate security functions are being used for important data such as encryption of files & transmitted data or file locking function.
② Measures against hacking, etc.
- The Company is making the best efforts to prevent leak or damage of user’s personal information caused by hacking, computer viruses, etc. The Company is conducting frequent backups to prepare for any damage to personal information, uses the latest vaccine programs to prevent leak or damage to user’s personal information, and implements safe network transmission of personal information through encrypted communication. In addition, the Company restricts unauthorized external access by using a firewall system and is committed to installing all technical equipment as much as possible to secure other system safety.
③ Minimization and training of processing staff
- The Company limits the accessing authority of staff carrying out personal information processing tasks to the person in charge and a special password is given and regularly updated for such purpose, and at all times through training with personal information handling staff, it emphasizes the relevant compliance with Kigle’s Privacy Policy.
④ Operation of dedicated personal information protection organization
- Through an internal organization dedicated to personal information protection, there are efforts to confirm the implementation of Kigle’s Privacy Policy and compliance by the person in charge in order to immediately correct issues upon discovery.
However, the Company shall not be liable in any way for issues arising from personal information leakage caused by the user’s negligence or online issues.
9. Contact for Person in Charge of Personal Information Management
You can report to the person or department in charge of personal information management with respect to all complaints on personal information protection, which has occurred by using the Company’s services. The Company is committed to a fast and satisfactory reply regarding such matters.
Person in charge of personal information management
Name : Kim Yong-su
Affiliation :Kigle Co., Ltd.
Position : CEO
Email :
help@kiglestudio.com
If you want to file a report or require consultation on other personal information infringements, please contact the following agencies.
Center for Reporting Personal Information Infringement (
privacy.kisa.or.kr/kor/main.jsp
)
ePrivacy Mark Certifying Committee (
www.eprivacy.or.kr
)
Internet Crime Investigation Center, Supreme Prosecutors’ Office (
www.spo.go.kr
)
Cyber Terror Response Center, Korean National Police Agency (
www.ctrc.go.kr
)
10. The Rights and Exercise of the User and the Legal Representative
First, users and legal representatives can inquire or modify personal information of themselves or children under the age of 14 at any time. If they do not agree with the collection and utilization purpose of personal information of the Company, they may refuse consent or request a membership cancellation. However, in such a case, some or all of Kigle Services may not be available.
Secondly, the Company immediately processes the request of the user or legal representative to cancel membership or to delete personal information and makes the information inaccessible for any other purposes
11. Terms of Compliance and Sending of Advertising and Marketing Materials
First, "Company" does not send for-profit push advertisements without prior consent from users
Secondly, the user may withdraw his or her consent to receive for-profit advertising and marketing materials
12. Duty of Notification
In the event of a change to the Privacy Policy, Kigle will notify you of the relevant changes.
If change is made to the current Privacy Policy, the contents of the relevant changes shall be notified via a popup on Kigle Services, which shall follow a set enforcement date. The change in Privacy Policy will take effect 7days after the date of posting. However, if there is an important change in user rights, the Company will notify users at least 30 days in advance.
Notification Date : March 18th 2021
Effective Date : March 25th 2021