Privacy Policy – LagFly
LagFly
Menu
Skip to content
Home
About
Contact
Games
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the world of gaming provided by LagFly, its affiliates and its subsidiaries (collectively “LagFly,” “us,” or “we”). LagFly is committed to protecting your privacy. LagFly owns, operates, or provides access to several interactive games and applications of mobile and services. This Privacy Policy describes among other things, the types of information collected about you when you visit the LagFly; how your information may be used and when it may be disclosed; how you can control the use and disclosure of your information; and how your information is protected. Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at LagFly. We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information, including contact information, collected about you by the LagFly. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully.
Information Collected and How We Use It
Information you provide directly to LagFly. You are not required to provide information about yourself when you download an app from LagFly. LagFly games may ask you for different types of information when you register for certain services, access various content or features, or directly contact the Services including:
Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, phone number and mobile number
User name, password, and password reminder questions and answers
Age and date of birth
Search queries
In limited circumstances, payment and identity verification information, such as credit card number where needed for payment, to complete a particular transaction, or to access a particular service (e.g., in app purchases)
Information we collect automatically on LagFly. LagFly may collect certain information automatically, including:
Your device type and settings, software used and browser type and operating system
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area
Web pages and advertisements you view and links you click on within LagFly
Unique identifiers and connection information, including mobile device identification numbers (e.g. Apple’s Identifier for Advertising IP (IDFA) or Google’s Android Advertising ID (AAID)) and internet connection means (e.g. mobile operator, ISP, WiFi connection) that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law
Information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies;
Standard server log information.
Third Party Advertisements:
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on the Service. We do not provide any personal information to third-party advertising companies on a non-aggregate basis. Our system and the third-party advertising technology may use aggregate information, non-personal information, Coding Squares cookies on your hard drive and your use of the Service to target advertisements. In addition, advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on other sites. If advertisements are served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your computer. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called “clear gifs” or “beacons”) to help manage and optimize online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser cookie when a browser visits the site on which is beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
Your Rights
We take reasonable steps to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we do not guarantee its absolute security.
Protection of Information
We are committed to protecting your information. We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Privacy Protections for Children
Games of LagFly are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. We may ask for your full date of birth date to ensure that we are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken when information has been collected from children under 18. In those instances where a LagFly Service has actual knowledge that it collects information from children or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws, it will comply with those laws.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the last modified date and such changes will be effective upon posting.
Questions
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time. You may also submit questions or comments using the web address listed below:
playtrendinggames@gmail.com
Like
Loading...
Create a website or blog at WordPress.com
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
LagFly
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
%d