PRIVACY POLICY
Enfeel Inc. Privacy Policy
Enfeel (“Us”, “We”) has developed this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect,
		use and protect the information we may acquire through your use of Birzzle, My Little Town, Green Planet, Medal Heroes, Shooty wars, Fantasy Toy Island(“the Games”).
		Your privacy is important to us and we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you can make informed decisions
		about your use of the Games.
If you have any concerns about our use of information or compliance with these terms please contact us in writing
		at
contact@enfeel.com
. We are committed to resolving any concerns or complaints regarding the collection,
		use, transfer or disclosure of information in an amicable and collaborative way.
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE GAME, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSENT TO THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL
		INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE GAME.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-Personal Information
means information that, by itself, does not personally identify you.
	Non-Personal Information includes Personal Information that has been de-personalized or aggregated, demographic information,
	Services usage Information and device properties such as:
	(a) unique device identifier (“UDID”), Media Access Control (“MAC”) Address, or other device identifiers;
	(b) device software platform, firmware and manufacturer;
	(c) mobile phone carrier;
	(d) geographical information such as zip code, area code, internet protocol (“IP”) address and location; and
	(e) other Non-Personal Information that we might find useful in improving the Games.
How Non-Personal Information
is Collected. We may collect Non-Personal Information through your interaction with us
	and/or your use of the Games. We may also employ third-party ad serving and/or analytics technologies that use certain methods
	to collect information through the Games. These technologies may be imbedded within the Games and may collect demographic and location information
	as well as information from your device including, but not limited to IP address, UDID, software, applications, hardware, browser information,
	internet and on-line usage information and in-game information.
How Non-Personal Information
is Used. We may collect and store your Non-Personal Information to analyze Service usage,
	improve and serve ads, manage and provide the Games or any other purposes relating to improving Enfeel services and products.
	We may disclose Non-Personal Information to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect Non-Personal Information through embedded technology
	within the Games. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. You acknowledge that the third parties,
	such as advertising and analytics specialists that receive Non-Personal Information may combine the information collected with other information
	they have independently collected from other services or products. If you do not want to be subject to the practices of these third parties
	please do not use or access the Games. Whenever practicable, we will use “hashed” versions of device identifiers to make it more difficult
	for third parties to combine the information from the Games with other information sources. Although we take commercially reasonable steps
	to instruct third parties to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, we do not have access to or control of third-party technologies.
Cookies, Beacons and Tracking.
The Games may use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags, clear GIFs and web beacons.
	Enfeel treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as Non-Personal Information.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information
means specific identifiable information about you which may be used by itself to identify,
	contact or locate you (e.g., your name, mailing address, email address, screen name, social network site ID, phone number, photo(s),
	birthdate, gender, or social network friend connections. Enfeel may use collected Personal Information for purposes of analyzing Services usage,
	providing customer and technical support.
How We May Acquire Personal Information.
We collect and store Personal Information only with your consent and we do not sell
	your Personal Information to third parties. We may acquire your Personal Information when you participate in in-game registration,
	contests and special events; access Services using a third-party ID (such as an ID from a social networking site or gaming service);
	subscribe to news updates; share on a social network via the Games;
	request technical or customer support;
	or otherwise provide Personal Information to use or access features of the Games. We will not access your photos, videos, GPS data, address book,
	call log or SMS Log without your express consent to do so. Please note that some elements of the Games may not be available
	if you do not consent to our use and storage of these items.
How Personal Information is Used.
We may use your Personal Information to provide customer and technical support,
	improve the Games, provide personalized elements of the Games, optimize delivery of the Games (including ad content)
	and further develop Enfeel Games or other Enfeel services and products. Personal Information may occasionally be disclosed in accordance
	with applicable law and this Privacy Policy. We may combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Financial Information
means information relating to payments and billing (e.g. account information, billing address,
		social security number and driver’s license numbers).
How We May Acquire Financial Information.
We may collect and store your Financial Information when you provide it to us,
		such as when you conduct a transaction through the Games, contact customer support or participate in certain in-Service registrations,
		contests or special events. We do not collect Financial Information on you when you purchase Enfeel Games through Distributors.
How Financial Information is Used.
All Financial Information is collected for billing and payment purposes only
		and will be protected and administered by Enfeel and/or our authorized third party partners.
		we do not sell your Personal Information to third parties, but we may share your Financial Information with third-parties as described
		in this Privacy Policy.
SOCIAL NETWORKS
Certain features of the Games may enable you to connect to social networking sites and for us to obtain additional
		information about you and your network. In such instances, we may be able to collect certain Personal Information and Non-Personal Information
		from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site
		to make such information available to us. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender,
		social network user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page,
		the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile.
		We may associate, combine and/or use information collected through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control.
We may use third-party companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf such as
		fulfilling orders, hosting, information storage, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists,
		analyzing Information, providing marketing assistance and providing customer service. We will provide such entities with access to certain information
		they need to perform their functions, but we will take measures to ensure that they may not use the information for other purposes.
		We share information only as described above and only with third parties that are either subject to this Privacy Policy or to a privacy policy
		that is at least as protective as this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers.
We may reorganize, get acquired or create subsidiaries. If we do, the information you provide may be transferred
		as a business asset. Said information will remain subject to any pre-existing privacy polices (unless you consent otherwise.)
		We may also provide your Financial Information, Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to other companies in the Enfeel family.
		We reserve the right to any information collected from you upon the occurrence of any such transaction.
Legal.
We disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other legal processes as well as to establish/exercise our
		legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will share Personal Information and Non-Personal Information in order to investigate,
		prevent or take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our
		Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS
Enfeel may use your email address to send you emails describing promotions or events. You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails by following
		the instructions in the email or by contacting us at
contact@enfeel.com
.
		Once Enfeel has processed your opt-out request, Enfeel will not send you further promotional emails unless you opt back in to receiving
		such communications. Whether you opt out of receiving promotional emails or not, Enfeel reserves the right to communicate with you via email
		with respect to important information, notices or changes relating to the Games.
INFORMATION RETENTION AND CORRECTNESS
Enfeel may retain the Information collected subject to this Privacy Policy for the time
		needed to fulfill the purposes referenced in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
		Enfeel does not verify the correctness of Personal Information. Even if information is changed or deleted, we may still retain some of the information
		to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security,
		integrity and operation of Services.
DATA RIGHTS AND WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT
The laws in your country may provide you rights to request access to, correct, restrict, port, copy, 
	or delete your information, request that we stop processing your information or delete your account, or withdraw or change the scope of your consent. 
	If you withdraw your consent, we will stop processing your information for such purposes, but it will not affect the processing of information previously 
	covered by your consent. Where technologically feasible and required by applicable law, we will port your information pursuant to your reasonable request. 
	A request to withdraw consent, restrict or stop processing your information, or delete your account or information may result in your inability to access 
	the Services or some of its features. To exercise your rights consistent with applicable law, please contact us at
privacy@enfeel.com
.
THIRD PARTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please note that your access to and use of the Games may be subject to certain third-party terms
		and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, on-line gaming platforms and social networking services.
		You recognize and agree that Enfeel is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and any third party’s use of your Personal Information.
	    We do not collect, store or share your financial information. However, if you bought or otherwise accessed the Games through a third-party distributor
		such as Apple, Google or Amazon, that company may collect and store your Financial Information. Please review any applicable Distributor’s
		privacy policies to see how it handles your information. Here are links to the privacy policies of a few of the Distributors we use:
Apple -
http://www.apple.com/privacy/
Google -
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook -
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
We may offer links to advertisements and/or enable you to access third-party products or services. While using such products or services,
			you are using products or services developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by us. We are not
			responsible for the actions of those people or companies, the content of their products or services, the use of information you provide to them
			or any products or services they may offer. Links to products or services do not constitute sponsorship of, or affiliation with,
			those people or companies.

			We encourage you to be careful about the protection of your own personal information when using third party services such as social media platforms.
			We also work with certain business partners, such as other game developers and advertising partners, and information collected
			from you may be shared through these partnerships.

			Below is a list of some, but not all, business partners that we actively share user information and site usage data with (this list is subject to change):
Admob (Google) -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
AppLovin -
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
UnityAds -
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle -
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Inmobi -
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
SECURITY
While no security system is completely secure, we and our third-party partners and vendors take commercially-reasonable security measures
		to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the information collected, including but not limited to, ensuring that all Personal Information
		is disclosed only on a “need to know” basis.
MINORS
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from persons under the age of 18. If it comes to our attention that Personal Information
		has been collected from a person under the age of 18, we will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have
		Personal Information from or about a child under the age of 18, please contact us at the email address below.
CONDITIONS OF USE/CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
In choosing to access the Games, you agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to the use of your information as described herein is
		subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Games constitutes
		acceptance of such changes.
CONTACT
Please contact us at
contact@enfeel.com
if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.