IBTGames
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
IBTGames
IBT Games
Privacy Policy
WE RESPECT YOUR PRIVACY
IBT Games, Affiliates (“IBT Games” or “we”) are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our online users (“users” or “you”). We ought to protect policy of the users irrespective of the age. We believe that you do have obvious rights to know our practices regarding the information we may gather from users and use when users use our mobile applications such as games, and apps "The Products" and website, accordingly. (The Products and website together is referred as the "Service").
We strictly comply with all relevant legislative & legitimate requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
However, we reserve the rights to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without any prior notification to the users, and such amendments will be effective right from the date and time of issuance on our website.
If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are under 18 years of age in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on your location), and in such case, user must get parental/guardian permission to get agreed with our terms. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as device ID, other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to use the Service.
Consent: By Connecting, Entering, Accessing or Using our Apps/Web you agree to Privacy Policy and it clearly clarify us that you have carefully read about the collection and use of your personal and non-personal information through our apps and website and support channels.  In case of any concerns or to opt out, generously cease yourself from using our WEB and for Apps and Games you can simply Opt Out from within the app/game from Privacy Controls.
KIDS APPS PRIVACY POLICY
This Kids Apps Privacy Policy is appointed to provide the legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 with guidance regarding our privacy policies that concern collecting, using and disclosing personal information of children under 13.
Parents and legal guardians of children under 13 have certain rights under Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA, http://www.coppa.org/coppa.htm), and IBT Games recognizes those rights.
IBT Games does not knowingly and directly collect and store on its servers any personal information from children under the age 13 as that would be a violation of COPPA. Some information may be collected by third party providers of services (advertising networks, etc.) or certain products.
Information We Collect: We may collect information to improve user experience. Following are the information we usually get via our web, games and apps.
        Personally Identifiable Information
This information may identify an individual or may be of a private and/or sensitive nature. Users of the Site/App/Game automatically provide their IP address (or Mac Address) mainly for enhancing the User’s experience and for geo-location and security purposes as further detailed below. In addition, Personal Information which is being gathered consists of any personal details provided consciously and voluntarily by the User:
We do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you without your approval, which is obtained, through your active acceptance to the Terms and the Privacy Policy and from Consent Dialog from within App/Game.
         Non-Identifiable Data/Information
This portrays that we are wholly unaware of the user from whom we collect information non-identifiable information. Non-Personal Information is any open information which does not enable identification of an individual User, and which is available to us while such User is entering into and/or using the Site/App/Game. Non-personal Information which is being gathered consists of technical information, behavioural information and aggregated information, and may contain, among other things, the activity of the User on the Site/App/Game, type of operating system, User's 'click-stream' or searches on the Site, type and version of browser, keyboard language, screen resolution, etc.
         Regular Information/Unexceptional Information
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes and let us know what pages and information are useful and helpful to visitors.
Information We Collect Automatically
a. Information From Social Networks (like Facebook)
If you play IBT Games  and apps or access any of our other Services by using a social network (such as Facebook) ID, we automatically receive certain information about you from the social network, depending upon the IBT Games  and apps you’re playing, the social network, and your friends’ and your privacy settings on that social network. For example, IBT Games  and apps will automatically collect and store some or all of the following information provided by the social network:
your first and last name;
your profile picture or its URL;
your social network ID number, which is linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo;
public data for your friends (including their social network ID numbers);
information from friends who have also linked their social media account with our App;
the login e-mail you provided to that social network when you registered with it;
the location of the devices you use to access our Services;
your gender;
your exact age and/or age range;
other publicly-available information on the social network; and/or
any other information that you or the social networks share with us.
If you access our Services from a social network, you should also read that social network’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. If you are unclear about what information a social network is sharing with us, please go to the social networks where you play our apps to find out more about their privacy settings.
b. Tracking Technologies
We, and service providers acting on our behalf, like Google Analytics, store log files and use tracking technologies such as:
device identifiers such as the IDFA on mobile devices and
cookies on our websites, which are small pieces of data transferred to your mobile device or computer that enable us to (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Services you have visited; (iv), enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security and administrative functions.
We and our service providers use these technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, such as:
IP addresses;
the type of computer or mobile device you are using;
your operating system version and platform type;
your mobile device’s identifiers, such as your MAC Address, Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI);
your browser types and language;
the website you visited before or after visiting our Services, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, clicks and time on a page;
whether or not some of IBT Games other apps are installed on your device;
app activity;
app state and the date and time of activity on our websites or apps.
We may connect this information with your social network ID (where available) or IBT Games user ID.
Please note that companies delivering advertisements on our Services may also use cookies or other technologies as described below in - Third Party Advertising and Analytics, and those practices are subject to those companies’ own policies.
For more information on how to limit the types of cookies you allow, please see - Opting out of Cookies.
c. Information from Your Mobile Device
If you play IBT Games or access our other Services on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also automatically collect:
the name you have associated with your device;
your country; and
information about IBT Games you have on your device.
We may also automatically collect, with your permission, your precise GPS location information.
If you want to adjust your privacy preferences on your mobile device, please see - How to Access, Update and Manage Your Information.
d. Information across Devices and Applications
Sometimes, we (or our service providers) may use the information we collect -- for instance, usernames, IP addresses and unique mobile device identifiers or other IDs (like social network ID) -- to locate or try to locate the same unique users across multiple browsers or devices (such as smartphones and tablets), or work with providers that do this, in order to better tailor content and features and provide you with a seamless experience across devices. If you wish to opt out of cross device tracking for purposes of interest-based advertising, you may do so through your Android or Apple device-based settings.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We, or our service providers, primarily use the information we collect and store to improve the experience for our users, but we will also use that information for other purposes, including:
to operate, improve and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences;
to create player accounts or profiles and to enable you to play our apps;
to find and recommend other IBT Games players to you;
to personalize our Services for you;
to enable players to communicate with each other;
to provide technical support and respond to player inquiries;
to protect the safety and well-being of our players;
to protect IBT Games rights and property in connection with our Services;
to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities;
to enforce our Terms of Service;
to manage and deliver contextual and behavioral advertising;
to notify players of in-app updates, new products or promotional offers;
to administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and to enforce our agreements with third parties; and
to conduct research.
If you provide your e-mail address to IBT Games, we will use it to respond to your customer support inquiries, inform you about in-app activity, including comments from friends and in-app status updates and upgrades. Some messages, such as invitations to friends to play an app, may include your name and profile photo. We may also send promotional e-mail messages and promotional SMS messages (e.g. text messages) ("Promotional Communications") directly or in partnership with other parties, in accordance with your marketing preferences. Each Promotional Communication will offer you choices about receiving further messages.
For the purposes discussed in this Privacy Policy, we may combine the information that we collect through the Services with information that we receive from other sources, both online and offline, and use such combined information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may aggregate and/or anonymize any information collected through the Services so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (“Aggregate/Anonymous Information”). We may use Aggregate/Anonymous Information for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose or publish such data for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, and advertising, and other business purposes.
Information Broadcast: Usually, we, as owner of the account, will not use or reveal personal information of our users otherwise than for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you, for any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, for any other purpose authorized by law, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorized by you. This may include disclosures to organizations that provide us with professional advice, such as solicitors, accountants and business advisors.
It may be necessary for the information to be disclosed to other organizations in the course of our provision of services, or for the conduct of our business. These other organizations may include other parties involved in the provision of services to you, our business partners involved in the software, applications and/or services we provide to you, and other organizations providing services to us, such as payment processors or hosting services. We direct all such organizations to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and to not use your information for any purpose other than to provide services on our behalf or to us.
We may use your personal information to provide you with any goods, services, or functionality you have requested; to respond to any inquiries you have made through our customer service features, to send you newsletters, promotions or marketing materials. We will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving such materials in the future. You may also opt out of receiving such materials at any time in accordance with the instructions provided in this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information may be used by us for administrative, analytical, statistics compilation, research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use your Non-Personal Information to respond to customer service inquiries and to protect against cheating, crime or fraud or for other security reasons and for providing you advertising that better suits your interests. We may collect your Non-Personal information to track your use of our Websites/Apps to help us learn more about your gaming activities and understand your preferences and tendencies so that we can personalize your experience, provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailored to you, and otherwise enhance your gaming experience.
We may provide aggregated or anonymous information to third parties for the purposes of developing and delivering targeted advertising. We will not share your personal information with such third parties without your consent.
We may use information held about you to verify your compliance with any terms and conditions that may apply to the use of our software, applications and/or services.
The precise information required to be provided will vary depending on the circumstances requiring disclosure of that information.
Any personal information submitted to us online, including via the software and/or services, may need to be processed by a third party. By submitting personal information online or via the software and/or services, you consent to the disclosure of that information to a third party, who may be located overseas, for the sole purpose of processing the submitted information.
Below are provider names of some of the third-party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
. Admob:                       https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
         Unity Ads:                   https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy/
         Chartboost:                https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
         Google Analytics:       https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
         Firebase:                     https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
         Game Analytics:         http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy/
Advertising: By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests. Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be able to choose to prevent your device’s ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising or reset your device’s ad identifier by changing the settings of your device.
Oversea Transfer of Information: You expressly agree that we may transfer and store your information on servers and equipment located in any territory, including, without limitation, Australia and the United States of America etc.
Security: We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent any misuse, theft, loss, alteration, destruction, unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to Other Websites/Apps/Games: Our game may contain advertising and links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Minors: To use of Site/App/Games, you must be over the age of thirteen. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen and does not wish to do so. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under the age of thirteen are not using the Site.
OptOut: We have created an opt-out option within our Apps. You may choose it by visiting Privacy Controls and Selection No from Consent Screen, the Consent Screen is shown when you launch the App/Game for the first time, afterwards if you wish to change you can do it from Privacy Controls from within the app. Opting Out will mean that you will still be served ads, but they will not be tailored to your preferences. Opting out will also effect on Analytics and other 3rd Party SDKs used. Please note you cannot OptOut when you are using our website.
GOOGLE CHECKOUT:
If you choose to use Google Checkout to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to Google Checkout. Google’s Privacy Policy will apply to the information you provide to the Google Checkout web site.
APPLE APPSTORE:
If you choose to use AppStore to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to Apple. Apple’s Privacy Policy will apply to the information you provide to Apple.
WINDOWS APPSTORE:
If you choose to use AppStore to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number, directly to Microsoft. Microsoft’s Privacy Policy will apply to the information you provide to Microsoft.
AMAZON:
If you choose to use Amazon to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to Amazon. Amazon’s Privacy Policy will apply to the information you provide to Amazon.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS PROVIDERS:
We show third party advertisements (Admob, Chartboost, etc.) within our apps. These ads and services are not under the control of IBT Games who is therefore not responsible for the availability or content of such external sites or services.
SECURITY
We follow generally accepted industry standards and internal procedures to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. If you have any questions about security of our mobile applications, you can contact us at ibtgamestudio@gmail.com
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at ibtgamestudio@gmail.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse