Privacy Policy
Privacy policy RedBor Games
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information.
If you choose to use our App, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the App.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our App, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information.
The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Links to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
AdMob
Unity
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our App, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our App, the time and date of your use of the App, and other statistics.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers in our app may use cookies and web beacons.
Our advertising partners are listed below.
Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data.
For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links.
They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on this app or other apps or websites.
Note that we has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This App not use these “cookies” explicitly.
However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device.
If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this App.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet.
We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Wе does not  collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.
If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our App, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
green.smile.studio@gmail.com
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
green.smile.studio@gmail.com