Policies | Kidga Games
Kidga Games
Apps
Blog
Archive
Policies
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: 25th May, 2018 (with respect to GDPR).
Thank you for playing our games! This Privacy Policy describes:
•	The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
•	How we use your personal data, and
•	The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies Kidga’s  games, websites and related services, which we here collectively call the Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on kidga.com.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact so we can reply to you more quickly.
email: legal@kidga.com
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide us.
•	Player name.
•	Device ID to identify stored records.
•	Profile information (such as results, records).
•	Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account).
In most cases, we also create a Kidga-specific ID for you when you use the Service.
Data that could be collected via our Service by 3rd parties.
•	Our Services could contain different SDKs of 3rd party advertisers in order to show targeted advert. This date that is collected by 3rd party services is no concern of Kidga. We can’t guarantee or be responsible of any activities performed by advertising platforms. From our side we do not have any part of a code, do not store and thus do not share any personal data that could harm or make any connection with you personally.
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Service work.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
•	Update and develop player profiles
•	Develop and improve the Service and player experience
•	Manage our relationship with you
•	Provide social features as part of the Service
•	Customize your Service experience
•	Enable you to communicate with other players
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from Kidga, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other players and users may see your records posted to global records tables with Username you specifying.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us legal@kidga.com.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyze use and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Changes may be made to this policy from time to time. You will be notified of substantial changes to this policy either by through the posting of a prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the e-mail address you have provided, which is stored within your user settings.
NO GUARANTEES
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, the site editor is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There may be factors beyond the site editor’s control that may result in disclosure of data. Consequently, the site editor offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact the site administrator.