Privacy Policy - Zynga - Zynga
Zynga
Games
Company
News
Investors
Advertisers
Blog
Our Story
Press Kit
Careers
Life at Zynga
Job Openings
Locations
Disciplines
University
Support
Games
Company
News
Leadership
Investors
Advertisers
Blog
Careers
Life at Zynga
Job Openings
Locations
Disciplines
University
Support
Security Update
Player Support
Player Forums
101 Okey Plus
1010!
1010! Color
Azadi Quest Match 3 Puzzle
Azadi Quest: Heroes of Bharat
Backgammon Plus
Barista Life
Baseball Heroes
Bid Whist Plus
Black Diamond Casino
Blob Runner 3D
Block Breaker Miner
Bluff Plus
Boggle With Friends
Bounzy!
Build Roads
Bumped Out
Çanak Okey Plus
Candy Pour
Car Restoration 3D
Cashier 3D
Chess with Friends
Color Circles 3D
Crosswords With Friends
CSR Racing 2
Dodge Master
Draw Something With Friends
Drive Thru 3D
Empires & Puzzles: RPG Quest
FarmVille 2
FarmVille 2: Country Escape
FarmVille 2: Tropic Escape
FarmVille 3
Fast Driver 3D
Fit and Squeeze
Flipper Dunk
FreeCell Solitaire
Game of Thrones Slots Casino
Gear Race 3D
Gin Rummy Plus
Go Knots 3D
Gold Rush 3D!
Golf Rival
Gun Gang
Hair Challenge
Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells
High Heels!
Hit Guys
Hit It Rich!
Joust Run
Merge Dragons!
Merge Farm!
Merge Gems!
Merge Magic!
Merge Town!
Merged!
Money Maker 3D
Oil Well Drilling
Okey Plus
Onnect
Overloaded
Pick My Stuff
Picker 3D
Pixel Shot 3D
Puzzle Combat
Queen Bee!
Ragdoll Fighter
Repair Master 3D
Repair My Car!
Rummy Plus – Original Card Game
Six!
Sleep Well!
Solitaire
Spades Plus
Spider Solitaire
Star Wars: Hunters
Tangle Master 3D
They Need You
Toon Blast
Touchdrawn
Towing Race
Toy Blast
Water Shooty
Weapon Cloner
Wheel Smash
Willy Wonka Slots
Wizard of Oz Magic Match
Wizard of Oz Slots
Wonka’s World of Candy
Wood Shop
Words With Friends 2
Zero21 Solitaire
Zynga Poker
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
CA Notice
Cookies
Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information
Terms of Service
Community Rules
Zynga’s Subscription Terms
Other Policies
Advertising Guidelines
DMCA Notice
Email FAQ
Email Program
Fansite Guidelines
Game Card Terms
Law Enforcement
License Notices
SMS Program
Unsolicited Ideas
Security
Protecting Your Account
Hacks, Bots, and Cheats
Zynga’s Responsible Disclosure Program
FAQ
Cookie Settings
Privacy Policy
-Privacy Policy
-CA Notice
-Cookies
-Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information
Terms of Service
-Community Rules
-Zynga’s Subscription Terms
Other Policies
-Advertising Guidelines
-DMCA Notice
-Email FAQ
-Email Program
-Fansite Guidelines
-Game Card Terms
-Law Enforcement
-License Notices
-SMS Program
-Unsolicited Ideas
Security
-Protecting Your Account
-Hacks, Bots, and Cheats
-Zynga’s Responsible Disclosure Program
-FAQ
Cookie Settings
Language...
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Русский
српски
українська
עברית
العربية
فارسی
हिन्दी
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文
Privacy Policy
Language...
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Русский
српски
українська
עברית
العربية
فارسی
हिन्दी
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文
Effective December 15, 2022
Last Updated November 23, 2022
Zynga’s mission is to connect the world through games. We deliver fun, social entertainment experiences to people around the world. In pursuit of our mission, we collect, use, store, disclose and otherwise process (“process”) certain information from our players. Being transparent about the processing of players’ information and respecting their privacy is incredibly important to Zynga.
This Privacy Policy applies when your personal information is processed as part of our Services (described below). Please read it because it will tell you how we process, your personal information when providing these Services to you. This Privacy Policy is not, however, a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations.
If you have questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please
Contact Us
.
1. Introduction
Zynga offers a variety of online and mobile games. Our Privacy Policy applies whenever your personal information is processed as part of our “Services,” which means our games, products, services, content,
Zynga.com
, and/or other domains or websites operated by Zynga. It describes how we process your personal information and your rights and choices concerning your personal information.
Zynga develops and publishes games for web, mobile devices and other platforms on which players can use our Services. You can find a list of companies controlled by Zynga Inc.
here
. These are referred to as our “Group Companies”. “Zynga,” “we,” “our,” or “us” in this Privacy Policy refers to those Group Companies that operate under this Privacy Policy.For purposes of data protection laws, Zynga Inc. is the “data controller” of your personal information unless otherwise stated below. We will refer to countries in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland and the UK collectively as the “European Countries” in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies whenever your personal information is processed as part of our “Services,” which means our games, products, services, content,
Zynga.com
, and/or other domains or websites operated by Zynga. It describes how we process your personal information when providing these Services to you, and your rights and choices concerning your personal information. The Privacy Policy’s sections are listed and hyperlinked in the Table of Contents above for easier navigation.
If you play Zynga’s games or use Zynga’s other Services, your information will be processed in the ways described in this Privacy Policy.
2. Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We will process any personal information that you provide to us, including when you create your account or a player profile.
A. Information About You That You Share With Us Directly
When you use our Services, you may give us personal information directly (for example, details you register with us when setting up your account), and we will store that personal information on our systems and process it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Depending on the Service, the personal information we collect will be relevant to providing that Service and include some or all of the following:
your first and last name
your game username or alias
your gender
your age, birthday or age range
your email address
your profile photo and/or avatar
your approximate location
your contact details including phone number and address
a password
details about the games and platforms you use
links to your profiles on various social networks and social network ID number
information related to any purchases you make in our Services (see further details below)
personal information you provide when you ask for help from our customer support team, including the content of that communication with our team
A note on sensitive personal information. While we typically do not request sensitive or special categories of personal information you may choose to provide this information to us. The meaning of sensitive or special categories of personal information changes from region to region but could include information about your health or, in certain places, types of financial or precise location information. For some Services, we may also ask you to voluntarily provide information about any accessibility requirements you may have to better understand the needs of players and to improve the accessibility of our Services.
B. Information Shared About Others
We collect personal information that you choose to provide to us about people you know, but be sure to ask their permission first. Other players may also provide use with personal information about you too.
We may give you the ability to invite people you know to use Zynga Services, including by importing your address book or manually entering their contact information. You are responsible for ensuring your sharing of this personal information with us is compliant with applicable laws. In some countries, this may require you to get permission from the people you invite before you share their information.We may also get personal information about you from other Zynga users. We process this personal information to help you and your contacts connect through our Services. If you want to remove personal information stored by us, follow any instructions in the Service or see
Your Rights
below.
C. Information You Generate Using Our Services
We’ll collect personal information about the ways you use and interact with our Services.
When you use our Services, we will collect personal information about the ways in which you use and interact with our Services, such as when and for how long you play our games, which game features and other players you interact with, any purchases you make, what progress or levels you achieve, and other gameplay activities in which you participate. We may also create a Zynga player ID to identify your game account (on
Zyngagames.com
, your Zynga player ID will appear in the URL of your profile page).
If you choose to use communication features in Zynga Services to communicate or share information with other players, then we’ll collect information on what is communicated or shared. This includes:
your participation in player forums and message boards;
your public posts or comments on other players’ profiles or gameboards;
your non-public messages or invitations to other players, made either directly on our websites or through in-game mechanisms;
your chats with other players (whether by instant message, live chat, or video); and/or
your posted photos, drawings, or other user-generated content.
We may keep these communications, comments, photos, drawings, and other user-generated content on Zynga’s servers to use them to protect the safety and well-being of our players; to protect Zynga’s rights and property in connection with our Services; to conduct research; to operate, improve, personalize, and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences, including through the use of analytics; and to manage and deliver advertising. Where required by law, we will seek your consent for this.
D. Payment Information
We’ll collect information related to any purchases you make.
If you purchase in-game virtual currency or items in a game you play on any Zynga game website, our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, email address, and financial information. Where we use payment processors, they do not share your financial information, like credit card numbers, with Zynga, but they may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address, and the items purchased.
When you play Zynga’s games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or platforms (like Facebook, Apple, Google, Snapchat, TikTok or Amazon), any purchases you make will be processed by that third-party application or platform and subject to that third-party application or platform’s terms of service and privacy policy. For these purchases, Zynga does not receive your financial information, but may receive non-financial information related to your purchases, like your name, approximate physical location, and the items purchased. The information Zynga receives depends on the Zynga game you’re playing and the third-party application or platform. The applicable Terms of Service explain our policies and terms related to charges, billing, third-party credits, and virtual currencies. Please note that purchases of third-party credits or currencies are also subject to those parties’ terms of service and privacy policies.
E. Information We Get About You From Connected Third-Party Platforms
We’ll collect personal information from other companies, including social networks, if you access our games through your accounts with those companies or you choose to connect through those accounts to our games.
If you play Zynga’s games or access any of our other Services on social networks like Facebook or other connected third-party platforms, Zynga may receive certain information about you from that third-party platform.
Depending on the Zynga game you’re playing, the third-party application, your privacy settings, and, if applicable, your friends’ privacy settings on that third-party application, Zynga may collect and store some or all of the following from the third-party platform:
your first and last name;
your profile picture or its URL;
your user identification number (like your Facebook ID number), which may be
linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo;
your friends’ user ID numbers and other public data;
the email address you provided to that third-party platform;
your approximate physical location and that of the devices you use to access our Services;
your gender;
your birthday, age, and/or age range;
information about your activities on or through the connected third-party platform;
other publicly-available information on the third-party platform; and/or
any other information that you or the third-party platform share with Zynga.
If you access our Services from a third-party platform or connect our Services to a third-party account, you should also read that platform’s terms of service and privacy policy.
If you are unclear about what information a third-party platform is sharing with us, please go to that platform to find out more about their privacy practices and any options available to you regarding such sharing.
F. Cookies and Other Automated Information Collection
We’ll collect information about your device and how you use our Services, including through the use of cookies and similar technologies. You can find out how to control or opt-out of cookies in our Cookie Notice.
We use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., beacons, pixel tags, clear gifs, and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) across different services (both Zynga’s Services and third party services), including for advertising purposes. We explain why we do this, and how to control cookies and similar technologies, in the applicable Cookie Notice.
We, our service providers, and our business partners use these cookies and other similar technologies to process information, including:
IP address;
the type of computer or mobile device you are using;
platform type (like Apple iOS or Android);
your operating system version;
your mobile device’s identifiers, like your MAC Address, Apple Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or Android Advertising ID (AAID);
application performance and de-bugging information;
your browser type and language;
referring and exit pages, and URLs;
the number of clicks on an app feature or web page;
the amount of time spent on an app feature or web page;
domain names;
landing pages;
pages viewed and the order of those pages; and/or
what your current progress is in our Services and the date and time of activity.
In some cases, we will connect the information we collect using cookies and similar technologies with your social network ID or Zynga user ID.
If you play Zynga games on a mobile device, in addition to the information we collect using cookies and similar technologies, we may also collect:
the name you have associated with your device;
your country;
your telephone number (if you provide it);
your specific geolocation (with your permission);
your mobile contacts (with your permission, as described further in Information Shared about Others above); and/or
information about the Zynga games and about other third-party applications with embedded Services you have on your device.
If you want to adjust your privacy preferences on your device, please see
Your Rights
below.
G. Other Sources
We may collect information from other third-party sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from other sources like third-party information providers. We use this information along with information you provide us directly, for example, to help you and your friends connect or to serve you advertising more tailored to your interests.
3. Why We Process Your Information and our Legal Grounds
We process your personal information for a number of reasons, including to provide and improve our Services; protect you and others; for marketing and advertising our, and our third party partners’, products and services; for business continuity reasons; and to comply with legal rights and obligations.
The main reason we process your personal information is to provide you with Services and to improve your gaming experience, but there are other reasons as well. We process your information for the purposes below:
Provide our Services and create accounts in those Services
Improve, optimize and personalize our Services and our players’ experiences
Help you to connect with other people you know and other third-party platforms you use, including communicating with other players
Communicate with you about the Services you are using or we think you will like, including in-game updates, new Services, pre-registrations and promotional marketing offers
Customer service and managing player communications, including technical support
Marketing, research, analytics and delivering contextual and behavioral advertising
Administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners
Protect the safety and well-being of our players and others
Where you provide sensitive or special category personal information to us
Maintain our business operations, including any business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets
For security purposes and to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities, and to enforce the applicable Terms of Service
Cooperate with public authorities and law enforcement where lawfully permitted or required
Protect Zynga’s rights, including compliance with applicable legal obligations, resolving any disputes we may have, and to administer our agreements with third parties
Our legal grounds for collecting and using the information described above depends on what the information is, the context in which we collect it and applicable privacy laws. Those grounds are as follows:
Establish and perform our contract with you (i.e., the applicable Terms of Service)
For our or our partners’ legitimate interests
Consent (where applicable)
Compliance with a legal obligation
Protect your vital interests or those of another person (for example, another player)
While we typically do not collect sensitive or special category personal information, where we do this it will be on the ground of consent or other applicable lawful basis
If you have questions, need further information about the legal grounds for processing your personal information, or want to withdraw your consent please see the Contact Us section below.
4. How We Share Information
We share your information with our Group Companies, people you know, other Zynga players and certain other third parties when you use our Services.
We may share your personal information from our Services with others in the ways described below.
A. People you know and Other Zynga Players
Zynga’s games and Services support and often encourage you to interact with other players. In most Zynga games, if you play through a social network or connect to a social network (for example, Facebook), your social network friends who also play a Zynga game will see your name, photo, player profile (which may include the information described above in
Information About You That You Share With Us Directly
), and descriptions of your in-game activity (including any Zynga games you have played).
In addition, in many Zynga games, other players, regardless of whether they are your social network friends, will be able to see your player profile (as described above); view descriptions of your in-game activity; communicate with you within our Services; and send you game requests or friend requests through our Services or the related social network. For example, in Zynga Poker, when you are playing at a table, all the other players at the same table can see your player profile and send you an in-game chat message.
B. Our Group Companies
We’ll share your information with other companies in the Zynga group.
We may share your personal information within the Zynga Group Companies to enable the Zynga group to carry out the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. You can find a list of those companies
here
.
C. Third-Party Advertising Including Behavioral Advertising and Analytics
We’ll share some of your information with advertisers to help make the advertisements you see more relevant to your interests when you use our Services.
We’ll share some of your information with advertisers to help make the advertisements you see more relevant to your interests when you use our Services. Advertisements that are tailored for your interests may include banner ads on game boards or in Services, such as full-screen ads between moves or games or ads made available through an “offer wall” (in which advertisers offer virtual currency or other in-game items to players in exchange for watching an advertisement, signing up for an account, completing a survey or performing some other activity). Offer walls are hosted by third-party offer wall providers, and the offers are made by third-party advertisers, not by Zynga.
To enable advertisers, advertising intermediaries, and offer wall providers to serve you with more relevant ads, they may collect, or we may collect and share with them, the following types of information when you use our Services:
performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement);
certain device information (like IP address, non-persistent device identifier such as IDFA, and de-identified persistent device identifier such as a hashed Android ID);
a unique identifier, such as your social network ID or Zynga player ID; and/or
other contextual data about your game play (like your level and session length).
In addition to serving you with relevant ads, the information collected may be used to:
measure how effective advertising campaigns are;
offer you targeted advertising in third party services for products and services that are more likely to appeal to you;
undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other player activity; and/or
improve our Services.
Advertisers or advertising intermediaries may collect this information through the use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies, as explained in our Cookie Notice.
Please note, after clicking on a third-party advertisement or offer, you may no longer be on a site or app controlled by Zynga or the social network through which you are playing Zynga’s games.
If you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements, please see
Your Rights
below or view the applicable Cookie Notice.
Please note that the practices of third-party companies delivering advertisements on our Services are subject to those companies’ own privacy policies and privacy practices. If you have any questions about how these third-party services use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
D. Safety, Security and Compliance with Law
We’ll share your information if necessary for safety, security, or compliance with legal obligations.
Your information, and the contents of all of your online communications in our Services and between you and Zynga may be accessed and monitored as needed to provide our Service and may be disclosed:
to satisfy any applicable legal obligations;
when we have a good faith belief that we have to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for national security, law enforcement, or legal process purposes (for example, a court order, search warrant, or subpoena);
when we believe in our sole discretion that our Services are being used in committing a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to share information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and other security precautions;
when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person, or the public generally; and/or
to protect the rights or property of Zynga or applicable third parties, including to enforce the applicable Terms of Service.
E. Third-Party Service Providers
We’ll share your information with the third-party service providers and business partners that we work with to bring you our Services and that support us with our business.
We will share your information with:
third-parties who perform services on our behalf, like payment processing, analytics, analysis, hosting services, customer service, marketing and advertising, including, for example, Amazon Web Services and Helpshift
our third-party business partners who assist us in delivering and optimizing our Services, such as our platform partners (including, for example, Apple, Google and Facebook)
F. Sale or Merger
We may share your information with a third party in connection with a business transition, like a merger or acquisition.
Where we consider a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets (like selling a game), we may disclose or transfer your information, including personal information, to the purchaser.
5. Your Rights
Depending on what privacy laws apply to you, you and/or your legal representative have certain legal rights in connection with your personal information.
Your privacy rights are explained below. These rights apply to information about you, and their scope and applicability can vary across different regions. For example, they could extend to your household or a legal entity or could be exercised by a legal representative on your behalf. We will comply with applicable privacy laws, including any required response times.
Subject to certain exemptions, you have the right to:
Request a copy
of your personal information (known as ‘accessing your data’).
Delete
your information. When you ask us to delete your personal information please remember that there may be lawful limitations on this right. For example, we will keep certain payment records or customer service records where we need to, including for legal or accounting purposes. We’ll also keep information in order to exercise, protect, defend, or establish our rights or the rights of third parties.
Correct
or
update
your personal information where it is inaccurate. To review and update personal information associated with your Zynga player profile in certain games, visit the “settings” page in that game.
Opt-out of marketing communications
we send you by following the instructions in “Opting Out of Promotional Communications from Zynga” below.
Where applicable,
withdraw your consent
at any time directly in the Service or by contacting us. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the processing already undertaken before your withdrawal. Also, it will not affect processing of your personal information under other lawful grounds.
Object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
Request portability
of your personal information.
Ask that you are
not subject to automated decision-making
that has a legal effect or any other significant effect on you.
Complain to a data protection authority
. A list of privacy authorities is available
here
. In certain regions, you also have the right to request compensation if you suffer damage due to unlawful processing of your Personal Data.
For California residents, please also review our
California Notice
for additional rights. For Nevada residents, please see section 6 below.
You and/or your legal representative can exercise these rights by submitting a request through our
Personal Data Request Portal
or using the
Contact Us
channels below. For Empires & Puzzles contact
Support
and for Puzzle Combat contact
Customer Support
or use the support function in the game.
Managing Personal Information We Receive From Third-Party Applications / Platforms And From Your Mobile Device
To manage the information we receive from third-party applications or platforms and from your mobile device, use the tools and settings provided by those third-party applications and devices.
You can manage the information we receive from third-party applications or platforms and from your mobile device as follows:
To manage the personal information we receive about you from a third-party application or platform where you play our games, like Facebook, Apple, Google, or Amazon, you can update your privacy settings through the third-party application or platform’s “settings” menu.
For your mobile device, visit the “settings” page or web browser to review the access permissions of each of our Services.
Once we receive your information from a third-party application or platform or from your mobile device, that information is processed by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Opting Out of Promotional Communications from Zynga
You can unsubscribe from promotional emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link or visiting our Email Settings page. You can opt out of mobile push notifications in your device’s settings page. You can opt out of SMS text communications by texting STOP.
To stop receiving promotional emails from Zynga, click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any promotional email from Zynga or visit our
Email Settings page
. For Empires & Puzzles contact
Support
and for Puzzle Combat contact
Customer Support
or use the support function in the game. For Socialpoint email
unsubscribe@socialpoint.es
from the same email account you used to sign up to that list with “Unsubscribe” in the subject line, contact Customer Support, or use the support function in the game. For Dots contact Customer Support or use the support function in the game. For Nordeus contact Customer Support or use the support function in the game. Your unsubscribe request or email preferences change will be processed promptly, and in no event longer than ten business days. During that processing period, you may receive promotional emails that were already scheduled.
If you want to stop receiving push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device even when the app is not on, you can turn off push notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” menu. Many of our games also offer the ability to turn off push notifications in the in-game “settings” menu.
You can opt out of receiving SMS text messages by texting back STOP to the number we send the text from or by
Contacting Us
. For Empires & Puzzles contact
Support
and for Puzzle Combat contact
Customer Support
or use the support function in the game.
When we receive an opt-out message from you for SMS text messages, we may send a text message confirming receipt.
Where you opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, you may occasionally hear from us if we need to provide you with non-marketing information about our Services or if we need to request information from you related to the performance of our Services to you.
Opting Out of Third-Party Behavioral Advertising
You can opt out of third-party behavioral advertising in your device and by using other third-party opt-out tools.
Our Cookie Notice explains how you can control cookies and similar technologies used for advertising purposes. In addition, if you are interested in more information about behavioral advertising and your choices to prevent behavioral web and mobile web advertising from third parties, you may visit the following websites:
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page
for U.S.-based advertising; and
Your Online Choices
website for European-based advertising.
These third-party opt-outs are browser and device-specific and will not apply to your use of Zynga’s Services through other browsers or devices.
If you do not want to receive personalized in-application advertisements from third parties on your mobile device, you may exercise that choice by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” menu and adjusting the device’s ad tracking settings (such as turning off the feature to “Allow Apps to Request to Track”). Certain apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app can help you exercise your behavioral advertising choices and are available from some platform providers (such as Apple or Google).
All of the opt-out tools described in this section are provided by third parties, not by Zynga. Zynga does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
You will still see third-party advertisements in Zynga’s Services after using these opt-out tools, but the advertising will not be tailored to your interests.
6. U.S. Privacy Laws
If you are a California resident, please see our California Notice. If you are a Nevada resident, please see this section for information on your rights.
If you are a California resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by California law in relation to your personal information that we process (subject to certain limitations). For more information, please review our
California Notice
.
If you are a Nevada resident you may be able to exercise additional rights to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about you. If you are a Nevada resident, you may exercise this right by submitting a request through our
Personal Data Request Portal
or using the
Contact Us
channels below. For Empires & Puzzles contact
Support
and for Puzzle Combat contact
Customer Support
or use the support function in the game. Please include sufficient information for us to identify you, such as information about previous games you’ve played, or, if applicable, your account information including Zynga ID. Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request.
7. Our Policies Concerning Children
We seek to ensure that we do not collect information from children.
Our Services are not marketed to, or intended for, children. For these purposes, we use the term “children” to refer to someone who is: (a) under 13 years old or, if older, (b) between 13 and 18 years old but under the age at which they can give valid consent to processing of their personal information under applicable data privacy laws. Zynga strives to follow the different minimum age guidelines set by the laws of individual regions when determining the age that children can access certain features of our Services.
Children are not permitted to use these Services, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. Though our Services are not intended for children as the primary audience, we may collect age information before allowing a user to proceed for certain Services. For users who identify themselves as children in our age-gate on such Services, if we allow children to use the Services, we will either provide a version of that Service that does not collect, use, or disclose “personal information” (as defined in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”)), except as permitted by COPPA or other privacy laws (where applicable), or obtain legally valid parental consent.
If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information about a child that is not subject to an exemption under COPPA or another applicable privacy law, we will take measures to promptly remove that information from our records.
8. International Operations and Transfers
When you use our Services, your personal information may be processed in the United States and other countries.
As part of our international operations, we may transfer personal information to our Group Companies, business partners and service providers located internationally for our legitimate business purpose, including for the purposes listed in the Why We Process Your Information and Our Legal Grounds section above. We store personal information about you on servers located in the United States or where our Group Companies, business partners and service providers have their operations.Please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, so the privacy laws applicable to the places where your information is processed may be different from the privacy laws applicable to the place where you are resident. When we transfer your personal information internationally we treat your personal information securely, lawfully, and in accordance with privacy obligations. For example, in European Countries, this may include transferring personal information to countries deemed safe by the European Commission, implementing the European Commission’s
Standard Contractual Clauses
or using another approved mechanism for transfers of personal information between our Group Companies, business partners and service providers (where applicable).
9. How Long We Keep Your Information
We’ll keep your information for as long as necessary to provide you with the Services, fulfil our legal obligations, and/or exercise, defend or establish our rights.
How long we retain your personal information depends on why we collected it and how we use it, but we will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for to provide you with the Services or for our legal requirements.
We will retain personal information that is connected with your account and/or the Services you use from us for as long as you have an active account with us. We will take measures to delete this personal information if you delete your account. However, you acknowledge that we may retain some information after you have closed, or we have deleted, your account with us where necessary to enable us to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend, or establish our rights.
10. Security of Your Information
We work hard to protect your information but you also have a role to play.
We implement reasonable and appropriate security measures to help protect the security of your information both online and offline and to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These measures vary based upon the sensitivity of your information.
If you have an account registered directly with Zynga, your profile information is protected by the password you use to access your Zynga account. It is important that you protect and maintain your Zynga account’s security and that you immediately tell us of any unauthorized use of your account. If you forget the password to your Zynga account, the Services allow you to request that instructions be sent to you that explain how to reset your password. Where you access our Services through another account (for example, a social network) please keep that account information secure as well. We urge you to log out of your Zynga account and any social network account you have used to access our Services when you are finished using them.
While we take precautions against possible security breaches of our Services and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information while it is being transmitted to our Service. Any transmission is at your own risk.
11. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We’ll let you know about any material changes to the Privacy Policy.
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of the policy. If we make changes that we deem material, we will use reasonable efforts to notify (such as by placing a notice in game or on
www.zynga.com
, or by sending you a notice to the email address you have registered with us, if any). We encourage you to periodically check
www.zynga.com
and this Privacy Policy for updates. If you would like a copy of earlier policies, please get in touch using the Contact Us information below.
12. Contact Us
You can contact us with your questions, comments, or concerns.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or privacy practices, please send an email to
privacy@zynga.com
or contact:
Label
Controller
Representative Country
Representative
Zynga
Zynga Inc. (US)
EEA
Zynga Game Ireland Limited at 25-28, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland
United Kingdom
NaturalMotion Games Limited at 6 Agar Street, 1st Floor, London Wc2n 4HN, United Kingdom
Republic of Turkey
Zynga Turkey Oyun Anonim Sirketi, at Acıbadem Mahallesi Çeçen Sokak Akasya Evleri Sit. A (Kule) Blok Apt. No: 25A / 5, PK: 34660 Üsküdar, İstanbul, Turkey
Socialpoint
Social Point S.L. (Spain)
United Kingdom
Take Two Interactive Software Europe Limited at Take-Two House, 30 Cleveland Street, Fitzrovia, London, W1T 4JD, UK
Dots
Take Two Interactive Software Europe Limited (UK) (for players in the EEA)
EEA
Take-Two Interactive Software Ireland Limited at 5th Floor, 40 Mespil Road, Dublin, Dublin 4, Ireland D04 C2N4
Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (US)
—
—
Nordeus
Nordeus Limited (Ireland)
United Kingdom
Take Two Interactive Software Europe Limited at Take-Two House, 30 Cleveland Street, Fitzrovia, London, W1T 4JD, UK
For all other matters for any of these labels, please contact Zynga Inc through our
Customer Support Page
or by post to Zynga Inc., 1200 Park Place, San Mateo, CA 94403. For all other matters relating to Empires & Puzzles contact
Support
and for Puzzle Combat contact
Customer Support
or use the support function in the game.
Zynga is a leading developer of the world's most popular social games that are played by millions of people around the world each day.
Support
Contact
Privacy
Terms of Service
Cookies
Security
Global Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information
©
Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. All Rights Reserved.