Lumberwhack Privacy Policy
Lumberwhack
Privacy Policy
Effective on 2019-06-01
This privacy statement describes how
Digital Exception Sthlm AB
and it's websites and apps collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Location Services
We do not request, collect, or access your location information.
Collection and Use
We collect the following personal information from you:
Usage activity about how you interact with us such as what content you viewed, and which areas of our site or application you visited.
Device Information
As is true of most web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system.
We use this information to:
Improve our App and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Social Networks
We enable you to create a profile, and share information such as messages, photos, and videos with others within your network. We cannot control the actions of others with whom you may choose to share your pages and information. Also we cannot guarantee that the content you post on our site will not be viewed by others outside your network.
Sharing Your Information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
if Digital Exception Sthlm AB is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Tracking and Ads
We or a third party contracted by us may use technologies such as cookies, Web beacons, or scripts to gather information about how you and others interact with our web site or application. For example, we will know how many users access a specific areas or features within our site and which links or ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content and features that are of interest to you.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our web site or application, you can contact us at
support@lumberwhack.com
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at
support@lumberwhack.com
. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Other Information
Correcting, Updating or Deleting Your Data
To review, update or delete your data, contact us at
support@lumberwhack.com
.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below:
Digital Exception Sthlm AB
Korphoppsgatan 28, Lgh 1102
12065 Stockholm
Sweden
Email:
support@lumberwhack.com