PRIVACY POLICIES
Who we are?
We are engaged to deliver mobile games and applications. This is a group of Android, iOS and Unity developers with a sophisticated team of graphics designer. They give their efforts to architect and develop entertaining games and application across in different categories and deliver throughout the world.
Why Privacy Policies?
This Privacy policy explains the sole purpose of what, how and why we retrieve user and their things information. This is also confirms the uses of gathered information. Rights of user and developer on gathered information also defined in this document. This Privacy Policies may mutate as required in any time without giving any prior notice. Please visit website for any updates regularly.
Effected from?
This Privacy Policy w.e.f. September 1st, 2017 and was last updated on May 28th, 2021.
Information collection
4.1.  Personal Information
Your personal data will required to access the potential services of games, which is completely depend on your voluntarily and may include (i) your name, (ii) correspondence address, (iii) telephone number, (iv) email address, (v) photo / images, (vi) credit card/payment information and (vii) location. Parents or legal guardians providing parental consent through specific Parental Consent Form (provided separately) may be asked to provide child’s name and email address in addition.
4.2  Non-Personal Information
Device properties viz. (i) IP address/ unique device identifier/ other persistent or non-persistent device identifier/ Device ID (ii) device software platform and firmware (iii) mobile phone carrier (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and approximate location (v) game progress, time used playing, score and achievements (vi) other Non-Personal Information as reasonably required by Tangiapps to enhance the services provided to you. Above information is not directly gathered by you nor gives your identity. We are using tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain Non-Personal Information.
4.3  Cookies
Pixel tags, locally shared objects, web beacons and other are mentioned as cookies which are locally stores for sometimes. This is not storing any personal information. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer, although this may affect your ability to shop or login.
Use of Information Collected
Collected personal and non personal information may use to send you messages and details about our company, product features, products services, promotional material of our company and/or our partners or to contact you when necessary but limited to your consent. Collected data may use for editorial and feedback, marketing and promotional, statistical analysis purpose, which may help to understand the behavior of user and that may help for product development, content improvement, customer support and technical support etc. Names, postal and e-mail addresses and phone numbers collected may be added to our databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events and the status of orders placed online.
We does not sell or rent your any information even personal or non personal Information to third-parties for marketing and other purposes without your consent.
We are sharing your data only to third party which are engage in serving monetization, advertisement and promotions to our games. A third party data policy details the use of your data are below:
Third Party Data Policy
Please follow the link for our monetization / advertisement partner.
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
Collection and use of Children’s Personal Information
The Services comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). Tangiapps does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 through any Services. In addition, in the event that a user identifies him or her as a child under the age of 13 within any services /connection/content/software Tangiapps will not collect, store or use any personal information of that user. Further, if we found any personal information of fewer than 13 children from any source, we do promptly delete such personal information securely.
Advertising
We offer you free games and apps for entertainment, so we do advertising on that. We are given this platform to some advertising agency and analytical agencies. They may publish or advertise their own content. So, we are not be responsible for any information collected by them in any way. Please visit their privacy policies, rights and further information. Links of advertisement agencies is as bellow:
AdMob: Follow
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
.
Opt-out Rights
Once you uninstalling our game or apps, your all information will automatically erased by our site. For un-installation, you have to go in your device application manager. Opt-out of information gather by third party who use our platform for advertisement, find out their opt-out method or contact them for further information.
Data Retention and Security
We are sole responsible for automatically gathered information and assure you that we never share your information to third party. We are alarmed about protection the privacy of your information. We limit access of your information to our authorized employees only who that this information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. We are also using this information for research purpose.
Payment Information
We use third party payment processor for any purchase driven by you for our services and product. Payment processor will collect the billing and financial information to process your charges from you. They may collect your postal address, e-mail address, and financial information, like credit card numbers etc. but, we are not decide on your any financial details nor we are collecting or liable your information. Purchases of third party credits or currencies also are subject to those parties’ policies. Refer their policies before payment made.
Your Consent
This is your consent to me to retrieve any information as set onward in our Privacy Policy now and as mutated by us.
Terms of Service
We reserve the right to discontinue service at any time without giving any prior information.
Contact us
Please contact us via E-mail: tangiappsgamesolution@gmail.com for any clarification.