WestRiver Operation Status!
★Privacy Policy
The company observes the privacy information security provisions specified by the relevant regulations for the information and communications service providers in regard to Protection of Communications Secrets Act, Telecommunications Business Act, and Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, is committed to protecting the user rights by establishing the Privacy Policy pursuant to the related laws and ordinances.
Article 1. Company for Information Collection and Contact Information
1. Company for Information Collection: WESTRIVER Inc
2. Contact to: support@westriversw.com
Article 2. Purpose of Personal Information Collection and its and Treatment
The company collects personal information for the purpose of providing content services smoothly (e.g., events and customer response). When you Delete Content, internal policies and other applicable law, and then stored in the storage period will be discarded. In addition, if the individual has requested the termination will be immediately destroyed. We do not reveal personal information to the outside sources. In case of the request from the legal bureaus such as law enforcement agencies, the information request will be provided and revealed.
Article 3. List of Collected Personal Information
They area: 'nickname', 'unique number(UUID, IMEI)', 'access country', 'IP address', 'payment record', 'e-mail address', 'game version' and 'gameplay records'.
Article 4. Storage
Users' nick and unique game ID may be stored and identified in an encrypted form.
Article 5. Intellectual Property Right over Output
The outputs generated by the contents and services provided by the company may be used for the purpose of marketing by the company without additional financial rewards.
★개인 정보 취급 방침
회사는 통신 비밀 보호법, 전기통신 사업법, 정보통신망 이용 촉진 및 정보보호 등에 관한 법률 등 정보통신 서비스 제공자가 준수하여야 할 관련 법령상의 개인정보 보호 규정을 준수하
며, 관련법령에 의거하여 개인정보 취급방침을 정하여 이용자 권익 보호에 최선을 다 하고 있습니다.
제 1조 수집회사 및 연락처
1. 수집 회사: ㈜WESTRIVER
2. 연락처: support@westriversw.com
제 2조 개인정보 수집 목적 및 처리