Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
PURPOSE
Pursuant to the General Regulation on Data Protection (GRDP 2016/679), and the Information Society Services 
and Electronic Commerce Act 34/2002, of 11th July, FROM THE BENCH, S.L. (hereinafter, FROM THE BENCH), with 
tax ID no. B54318514, and with registered address at Plaza Mayor 9, 03600 - Elda (Alicante) - SPAIN, owner of 
the Web Page or mobile application/website AS SITE by informs their Web Site users about their Privacy Policy 
regarding personal information and data protection.
OWNERSHIP
Accordingly to the data protection legislation, we hereby inform you that the data you have furnished,
shall be included in:
(i) a file owned by FROM THE BENCH, with registered office in Plaza Mayor, Elda, (Spain), and (ii) in
other file owned by the app, becoming both entities Data Controllers of the data each entitie create with the 
collecting
of your personal data.
FROM THE BENCH and THE APP, assume all responsibility regarding its correct processing and guarantee that 
all steps have been taken to ensure data confidentiality and integrity, both in respect of the technical and 
organizational aspects, as set out in the guidelines included in the General Regulation on Data Protection 
(GRDP 2016/679) (hereinafter Spanish Data Protection Regulations).
The users agree in accordance with this Privacy Policy, with the processing and communication of their 
personal data.
DATA PROCESSING BY FROM THE BENCH
USE, PURPOSE, MARKETING AND ACCEPTANCE BY USER
The Site\'s purpose is other than collecting personal data. Access and use of the Web/Application does
not imply the communication of personal data. However, any users who wish to participate in the game must fill out an online electronic form or questionnaire that can be found in the Web
Site.
The completion of questionnaires and communication of data implies voluntary authorization and consent by
the user regarding the processing of personal data freely provided by the Web Site user. Therefore, users expressly accept and consent that all details already provided or those that may be provided in
future may be subject to processing within a personal data file. The provision of all details required for registration as a user is compulsory where expressly specified. FROM THE BENCH reserves the
right to deny registration to users who fail to provide such details.
Compulsory and optional fields, depending on the information held by the user, shall be clearly
highlighted within the electronic forms where personal data is collected.
FROM THE BENCH shall process all details provided by users for the following uses and purposes:
Registration on the Site as a registered user, Management and Processing of services offered by Site, sending Marketing advertising, newsletters, news and other regular information on the Site to users,
Management and supervision of incidents and Reward Management, as well as preparation of statistics.
You agree that in order to provide services to you which you have requested including relevant content
and advertising, and to track and award virtual rewards, we may exchange information that we collect from you with third parties who help us perform these tasks and provide these products and services
including UDID (unique device identifier), MAC address, OpenUDID, information about your device systems, 
application software and peripherals, and the country setting on the device.
DATA PRESERVATION
In accordance to data quality principles FROM THE BENCH, shall only preserve the details provided by
users for the period required to carry out the purposes established under clause 3.1 of this Privacy Policy and all those relevant in compliance with Spanish Data Protection Regulations. All details will
be destroyed after the completion of the above mentioned purposes using a method that shall guarantee the security and confidentiality of all personal details processed.
SHARING AND ACCESS TO DETAILS
FROM THE BENCH would like to inform users that personal data provided by them shall under no
circumstances be transferred or communicated to any third parties, except in order to improve service standards, other circumstances that FROM THE BENCH may deem appropriate and to proceed to deliver the
rewards (if applicable) at the end of the championship. In the last case, personal details of winners will be passed on to the courier company in order to be delivered without delay. Users hereby
expressly and unequivocally authorise FROM THE BENCH to transfer the data subject to processing for these purposes. FROM THE BENCH, on the other hand, undertakes to request users expressly and in written
for any new authorisation in case it was required to transfer their details for other purposes not included in this clause.
DATA PROCESSING BY the 
app
We hereby 
inform you that the app will process your data for the purposes of management, statistical,
quality, control, browsing and security, as well as any other activities required for the registration and deregistration of users. Similarly, provided that you have not stated your objection by marking
the box established for such purpose in the data collection form, your data will be processed by the app to 
send promotional and commercial communications, by both traditional and electronic means,
regarding products and services that are currently or will be commercialized by the app, its sponsors (which 
you will be able to view in the link below), or any other third party with which migh
collaborate the app customer satisfaction surveys; distribution of newsletters and magazines; 
commercialization of tickets; the customise subsequent purchases and browsing; the app news, draws and
competitions. You may object to the sending of the commercial communications by marking the box established for such purpose or by sending an email to the following email address
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
thirty days from receipt of this Privacy Policy.
Therefore and with identical purposes mentioned above,provided that you have not stated your objection by
marking the box established for such purpose orby sending an email to the following email address
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
within thirty days from receipt of this Privacy 
Policy, we
hereby inform you that your data may be transferred to sponsoring compnaies or collaborating entities of the 
app that shall, in event, be 
located in Spain or abroad, including countries that do not offer an
equivalent level of data protection as in the European Economic Area (“EEA“) and shall operate in the following business sectors, inter alia: sporting activities; food; sports betting;
automotive; drinks; personal care; footwear; e-commerce; audio-visual content; catalogue distribution and sales; household products and perfumery items; electrical; domestic appliances; consumer
electronics; energy; temporary employment agencies; financial; hotel and catering; IT; internet; toys; logistics; sports equipment; media; leisure; chemical and petrochemical; watches; health; insurance;
telecommunications; mobile telephony; textiles and accessories; transport and travel; videogames.
In addition 
to this, by accepting these Terms, we hereby inform you that the app may outsource services
to third parties located in Spain or abroad, including countries that do not offer an equivalent level of 
data protection as in the EEA that may access personal data for which the app is
responsible. If you object to the aforementioned outsourcing to companies located outside of the EEA, you may, within thirty days from acceptance of these Terms, notify us of such objection by sending an
email to fromthebenchgames@gmail.com. Please take into account that, if you oppose to such processing, the 
performance of some of the services contracted with the app may be hindered.
Furthermore, you hereby undertake to notify the app of any change of your personal data to 
ensure that
it remains up-to-date at all times and contains no errors.
If, by means of this form, you furnish us with the personal data of other individuals, we hereby warn you
that you must do so with their consent, having notified them beforehand of the matters contained in this document.
the app 
shall not gather or process personal data furnished by you if you are under fourteen (14) years
old. the app reserves the right to verify, using the means it deems appropriate, the age of any users who 
have furnished their personal data by means of this form, and may deny users under 14 years of
age the access to the services offered and proceed with their cancellation and elimination.
RIGHTS OF ACCESS, 
CORRECTION, LIMITATION, PORTABILITY AND OPPOSITION
Under Spanish Data Protection Law, the acceptance of users regarding the processing of their personal
details is always revocable. Therefore:
In relation to the file owned by FROM THE BENCH users may exercise at any time their right of access,
correction, cancellation and opposition within the terms set out by Spanish Law, by sending a written and reliable communication by registered post to the following address: Plaza Mayor 9, 03600 -
Elda (Alicante) - SPAIN, or by any other reliable means through which proof of submission can be obtained. The above communication must include the user\'s identification details, such as a
photocopy of the user\'s ID card, postal address, telephone, contact name, email address and a brief note explaining the reasons behind the exercise of their rights, and in relation to
the file owned by THE APP, users may exercise at any time their rights of access, correction, limitation, 
portability and opposition under the terms set out by Spanish Law by contacting THE APP at the following 
email address
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
.
SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY MEASURES
FROM THE 
BENCH and the app guarantee full compliance with the provisions contained in Spanish Data
Protection Regulations Furthermore, it guarantees due compliance with the provisions set out in Act 34/2002 of 11th July on Information Society Service and Electronic Commerce in regards to user
information and unsolicited marketing communications otherwise known as spam.
FROM THE 
BENCH and the app also guarantee full confidentiality on all communications submitted to users,
as well as the correct and diligent processing of personal details provided by the user.
FROM THE 
BENCH and the app undertake to avoid disclosing any confidential information or inform
regarding any details subject to processing, except where expressly required by law or by the relevant public authorities in conformity with any legal provisions and regulations that may
apply.
USER\'S OBLIGATIONS
Users are responsible at all times as regards to the veracity of the details provided. FROM THE BENCH,
reserves the right to exclude any users from their registered services if found to have provided false, vague or incorrect details, in addition to any other legal actions that may apply. Except where
legally entitled, users may not use another individual\'s identity, and may only provide personal details corresponding to their own identity.
COOKIES
Cookies are data stored in the computer\'s hard disk that enable a faster and optimized performance by
the server and the service.
FROM THE BENCH informs that they currently do not use cookies in their Web Site.
UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS ON THE PRIVACY POLICY
FROM THE BENCH reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions set out in this Privacy Policy at
any time, provided that they comply with Spanish Data Protection Law currently in force, and undertakes to inform all users in written and in a reliable way, either by publication in the Web Site or by
sending an email or via any other communication means that they may consider appropriate regarding their increase, modification or extension.
CONTROVERSY RESOLUTION
The parties expressly renounce to any jurisdiction that may apply to them and agree to submit themselves
to the Courts of Alicante to resolve any dispute that may arise from any controversy regarding the interpretation or compliance with this Privacy Policy, which shall be governed by the Spanish
legislation.
GRDP and 
LSSI-CE Informative Clause
In accordance with the provisions of the General Regulation on Data Protection (GRDP 2016/679), we inform you 
that your data will be added into the treatment system owned by FROM THE BENCH, S.L., with tax ID no. 
B54318514, and with registered address at Plaza Mayor 9, 03600 - Elda (Alicante) - SPAIN, in order to provide 
the requested service and billing thereof. In compliance with current regulations, we inform you that your 
data will be kept throughout the period necessary to fulfill the abovementioned precepts.
Until you tell us otherwise, we understand that your data has not been modified, that you agree to notify us 
about any modifications and that we have your consent to use them for the purposes mentioned above.
FROM THE BENCH, S.L. informs you that we will proceed to treat your data in a lawful, loyal, transparent, 
adequate, pertinent, limited, exact and updated manner. That is why FROM THE BENCH, S.L. undertakes to adopt 
all reasonable measures so that these are suppressed or rectified without any delay when they are inaccurate.
In accordance with the rights conferred by the General Regulations on Data Protection, you may exercise your 
right of access, correction, limitation, portability and opposition to the terms at any time, as well as the 
consent given for the treatment of such, directing your request to the address indicated above or by e-mail 
at: fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
Likewise, and in accordance with the provisions of Law 34/2002 of July 11th, the Services of Information 
Society and Electronic Commerce, Article 21, we also request your consent to send you advertising about our 
products and promotions that we consider may be of interest to you, by email or by any other means of 
electronic communications.
I have read, and I give my consent to FROM THE BENCH, S.L. to send any advertising 
or promotional information.
I have read, and I DO NOT give my consent to FROM THE BENCH, S.L. to send any 
advertising or promotional information.
We inform you that you may revoke this consent at any time by sending an e-mail to the following e-mail 
address: fromthebenchgames@gmail.com