Baby Loft Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Baby Loft Privacy Policy
Search
Search This Blog
Baby Loft Privacy Policy
March 12, 2019
PRIVACY POLICY
Baby Loft is committed to the confidentiality of your
personal details. We provide services and games that can gather information
from you and your kids, so we have prepared a Privacy Policy document. We will
clarify in this Privacy Policy what we do with the personal data that you send
to us or that we may obtain from you while providing services to you.
The US Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and
the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) adhere to this Privacy
Policy.
CONSENT OF USER
By installing
the apps on your mobile device, entering into, connecting to, accessing and/or
using the apps, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this privacy
policy, including to the possible collection and processing of your personal
information. You agree to the terms and conditions set out when you use our
applications. You accept that your personal information will be collected and
you cannot use our services if you do not.
PLEASE NOTE:
If you or, as
applicable, your legal guardian, guardian disagree to any term provided here
in, you must not install, access and/or use the apps and you’re requested to
promptly erase all our app from your mobile device.
PURPOSE OF THIS POLICY OF PRIVACY
We care about the security of
your personal data, so we've built this Privacy Policy.
We want to clarify explicitly and
comprehensively what information we gather, how we use it, reveal it and move
it through this Privacy Policy.
We can adjust the terms of this
Privacy Policy from time to time, so do not forget to read this Privacy Policy
regularly to understand how we use your personal data.
If we make a material adjustment
to this policy, we will post a notice prior to making the change on our
website. We will contact you to let you know of the changes if we have your
parent email address.
What
information will we gather about our users?
Non-personal information:
To gather non-personal and
non-identifiable information ('non-personal information'), we use third-party
providers. We have no idea, to put it plainly, what the name of the individual
from which we obtained the non-personal details is. As detailed below,
non-personal information that is being collected consists of technical
information and behavioral information:
Contact Information:
When you contact us with a
question or order, you will provide us with your contact details, such as your
phone number and email.
If we have been contacted by
email by a child under the age of 13 in the USA or under the age of 16 in the
EU, and we need to connect with the child more than once to answer the
question, we will ask the child to provide us with an email from the parent or
guardian of the child. We will then give a note to the parent or guardian
indicating that his or her child has contacted us. We will erase such data from
our records if we do not receive parental consent after a fair period of time
from the date of data collection.
Technical Data
We can collect information such
as your IP address, advertisement ID, and other technologies from the devices
you use or play our Games in our Services. Non-personal technical data on the
mobile operating system, type of mobile browser, screen resolution, application
manufacturer, language, can also be obtained. We automatically capture this
data when you use our services or play our games.
Usage Data:
We may gather information on how
our services are used or how our games are played. This data does not contain
information that will assist us in identifying you. We need this data so that
we can provide you with the services, enhance their performance; adjust them to
your requirements.
Non-personal Information:
How do we collect our users'
data? When you use the app, non-personal information is obtained by third-party
providers. In other words, third party analytical providers are aware of your
use of the Site and the Service and can gather information about your use of
the Site and the Service.
DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We can share your personal
information with the following people:
Group
businesses, third-party service providers and data processing partners (e.g. to
ensure the provision of our Services, to deliver services or to enhance the
protection of our Services), as well as others that otherwise process Personal
Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. A list of our current
service providers and partners is available here (see Our third party data
controllers and processors section)
To any
competent law enforcement officer, regulatory authority, government entity,
court or other third party where we believe that disclosure is required I in
compliance with applicable laws or regulations, (ii) for the purpose of
exercising or protecting our rights, or (iii) for the purpose of protecting our
interests or those of any other person;
The
prospective or actual customer (and his agents and advisers) involved in the
purchase, merger or acquisition of any proposed or actual part of our company,
provided that we notify the customer that your personal data must be used only
for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy;
Any other
person who consents to reveal details with your permission.
Third Party Services
You may use third party services:
To obtain our software, applications and/or
services (for example, a software marketplace); and/or
In conjunction with our software,
applications and/or services (for example, a social networking website). Your
use of these third party services may be subject to separate terms and
conditions and privacy policies, and you acknowledge that we are not liable for
the use of your personal information by any such third parties. We strongly
recommend you read these third party policies, and the terms and conditions
attaching to the third party offerings, prior to access or use. Here is a list
of Third Party Services used by Baby Loft.
http://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
http://www.inmobi.com/inmobi-privacy-policy/
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
https://help.chartboost.com/legal/privacy
http://www.leadbolt.com/privacy.php
https://unity3d.com/legal/cookie-policy
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://play.google.com/about/play-terms.html
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
https://developers.facebook.com/policy
Link to External Websites
Our game may contain advertising
and links to other websites. We cannot be held responsible for the protection
of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites.
Privacy Policy for Baby Loft
We may ask the following
information with user consensus: Name Contact information including email
address.
We obtain Demographic information
such as preferences and interests Other information relevant to
customer surveys and/or offers We require this information to understand your
needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the
following reasons. We may use the information to improve our products and
services. We may periodically send promotional emails about new products,
special offers or other information, which we think you may find interesting
using the email address, which you have provided. From time to time, we may
also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may
contact you by email or through Facebook. We may use the information to
customize the game according to your interests.
We accept and carefully select
advertisement from third party advertisers to provide information about
products and services that we think may be of interest to our users. Clicking
on any of these advertisements, these advertisers may use cookies and other
web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information
about you. You should review the privacy policy for any advertiser with which
you interact.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Company reserves the right to
change this policy at any time, so please revisit this page frequently. In case
of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice
on the Service. If you have any questions feel free to send us an email to
babyloft.games@gmail.com
We will make sure to get back to
you as soon as possible.
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Unknown
November 8, 2019 at 12:42 AM
Ola patnar
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unknown
April 15, 2020 at 11:49 PM
U co bank message
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unknown
April 15, 2020 at 11:50 PM
April 7on UCO bank
Reply
Delete
Replies
Unknown
July 2, 2021 at 1:09 AM
Sajid
Khan
Delete
Replies
Reply
Reply
Unknown
August 31, 2020 at 4:28 AM
Javeria Younas 🍓
1234
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Malik Muneeb
February 25, 2021 at 5:32 AM
ABC
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unknown
September 18, 2021 at 12:21 PM
U
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unknown
April 6, 2022 at 7:11 AM
Ok
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Archive
March 2019
1
Report Abuse
Powered by Blogger