Burbuja Games » Privacy Policy
Google Play
App Store
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice describes how we and our affiliates collect, use, process, transfer and share Personal Information (as defined below) that we collect about you.
This Privacy Notice applies to all of our Games, whether played on our mobile applications or on other platforms such as Face book. It also applies to our advertising activities on all platforms as described below and our Services that we may provide to you from time to time.
Personal Information we collect:
When you register, we collect your basic profile information from Face book and/or any other third party log-in service and/or app store and/or play store. We also collect information about your use of the Games and/or Services.
Basis for processing your Personal Information:
Processing your Personal Information is necessary for the performance of the Terms and the provision of the Games and Services to you.
Use of your Personal Information:
We use your Personal Information mainly to administer and provide the Games, and Services, contact you with administrative information, contact you with marketing offers (if you indicated your desire to receive those), and improve the Games, and Services.
Sharing your Personal Information:
We may share your Personal Information with our service providers and subcontractors who assist us in the internal operation of the Games, and Services and process the Personal Information on our behalf and under our instructions.
Your Rights:
Subject to applicable law, you may have a right to access, update or delete your Personal Information and obtain a copy of the Personal Information we have collected about you. You also have the right to object to certain processing, including the right to object, at any time, to process your Personal Information for marketing purposes.
Changes to the Privacy Notice:
We may change this Privacy Notice from time and shall notify you of such changes.
How We Use Your Personal Information:
We, our vendors, business partners, service providers and subcontractors may use your Personal Information for a number of purposes. These include: (i) providing our Games and other Services to you (including storing your progress through our Games); (ii) optimizing and conducting analyses to improve the Games and Services we provide and developing new games and services; (iii) enabling in-app purchases and social network integration; (iv) providing customer support; (v) subject to your consent under applicable law, providing you with customized content and targeted offers, and advertising on the Games and/or Services, on other third-party sites or apps you may visit, or via e-mail; (vi) using your Personal Information for reviewing the usage and operations of our Games, and Services; (vii) using your Personal Information in an aggregated, non-specific format for analytical purposes (as detailed below); (viii) preventing fraud, protect the security of our Games, and Services, and address any problems with the Games and/or Services; (ix) maintaining records (subject to applicable law) and protecting our legal rights.
How We Protect Information:
We make efforts to follow generally-accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to and collected by us, both during transmission and once we are in receipt of such information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below. Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
We are working with third party advertising partners like Google, Apple and their partners. We may share certain of your information with these partners to make advertising more relevant, measure its effectiveness, and help recognize your devices and serve ads.
We or they may also employ cookies or similar technologies, as described above, to ensure appropriate advertising and personalized experiences. Please note that our ad partners may combine your information with other information they have independently collected, and may treat that information in accordance with their privacy policies.
If you would prefer to opt out of having information about your mobile app usage used for interest-based advertising, you may do so through your device settings (“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS and “Opt Out of Ads Personalization” on Android). Please note that you may continue to receive generic ads that are not based on your preferences.
SERVICE PROVIDERS / THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING COMPANIES:
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services;
or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
THIRD PARTY Privacy Policy:
Google Adwords, Google Adsense , Google Admob, Double Click:
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/controllerterms/
Facebook Privacy Policy :
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Unity Privacy Policy :
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
IronSource Privacy Policy :
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
AdColony :
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
InMobi Privacy Policy :
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Applovin Privacy Policy :
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Yandex:
https://appmetrica.yandex.com/about/privacy-policy
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Children:
You must be at least 16 years old (or any other age permissible by applicable law) to access and/or use our Games and/or Services. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information (as defined below) about children under the age of 16 (or any other age permissible by applicable law). In the event that you become aware that an individual under the age of 16 (or any other age prohibited under applicable law) has enrolled without parental permission, please advise us immediately.
Games designed for families is not using personalized or Interest Based advertisements. We are working to enhance the games structure and user experience in our games to provide the best user service game experience. We are working with third party analytics service providers like App Metrica, Firebase, and Game Analytics in our apps designed for children. Privacy Policies of analytical tools are here
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/
https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
https://appmetrica.yandex.com/about/privacy-policy
OPT-OUT
Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data. Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Contact us
feedback.burbujagames098@gmail.com
Contact Us
Name
Email
Message
© Copyright 2016 Burbuja Games, All Rights Reserved.
Privacy
Terms of Service