Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Hello Games Technology Co.,Ltd attaches great importance to the privacy protection of users, and therefore has formulated the "Privacy Policy" covering how to collect, use, disclose, share and store users' information. When users use our services, we may collect and use your related information. We hope to explain to you through this Privacy Policy how we collect, use, store, and share this information when using our services, and how we provide you with access to, update, control, and protect this information.
This "Privacy Policy" applies to user interaction with the travel behavior of the Hello Games Technology as well as user registration and use of the Hello Games Technology of travel services. In addition to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Service and other published guidelines, we do not disclose information related to the personal identity of users. Please note that from time to time, Hello Games Technology will check its privacy measures, so the measures will change accordingly. We urge you to periodically visit the page or our website
https://www.hellogames.fun/
to ensure that the latest version of our privacy policy always understand. After reading this policy, if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or related to this Privacy Policy, please contact
hellogamesbiz@sina.com
. By using or continuing to use our services, you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
When we provide services, we may collect, store, and use the following information related to you. If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to register as our user or may not be able to enjoy some of the services we provide, or you may not be able to achieve the desired effect of the related services.
information automatically collected
Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our websites
The relevant personal information provided to us when you register for an account or use our services, such as a telephone number, email or bank card number; The shared information you provide to other parties through our services, and the information you store when you use our services.
Your information shared by other parties
Shared information about you provided by other parties when using our services.
The information we have obtained from you
When you use the service, we may collect the following information:
Log information , which refers to the technical information that the system may automatically collect via cookies, web beacon or other means when you use our services, including: Device or software information , such as the configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser, or other programs used to access our services, your IP address and the version and device ID used by your mobile device;
Information searched or browsed while using our services, such as web search terms you use, URLs of social media pages visited, and details of other information and content you browse or request while using our services;
information about the mobile applications (APP) and other software you used, as well as information about your use of such mobile applications and software;
The information you communicate through our services, such as the account you used to communicate with, as well as communication time, data, and duration;
The information (metadata) contained in the content you share through our services, such as the date, time, or location of the shared photo or video that was taken or uploaded.
Location information, which is information collected about your location when you turn on the device location feature and use our location-based related services, including: Your geographical location information collected through GPS or WiFi when you use our services through mobile devices with positioning capabilities;
Real-time information provided by you or other users, including your geographic location, such as your local area information contained in the account information provided by you, or shared information that you or others have uploaded showing your current or former location. Geotagging information included in photos shared by you or others; You can stop collecting your geographic information by turning off positioning.
we may also collect the following information:
·     Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s [Bluetooth, calendar, camera, contacts, microphone, reminders, sensors, SMS messages, social media accounts, storage,] and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
·     Mobile Device Data. We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.
·     Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application.
We by default access your
Facebook
basic account information, including your name, email, gender, birthday, current city, and profile picture URL, as well as other information that you choose to make public. We may also request access to other permissions related to your account, such as friends, check-ins, and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may use the information collected during the process of providing services to you for the following purposes: provide services to you； When we provide services, for authentication, customer service, security, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes, to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you; Help us design new services and improve our existing services； Give us more insight into how you access and use our services to respond specifically to your individual needs, such as language settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, or to us and others Users of the service make other responses; Provide you with ads that are more relevant to you in place of ubiquitous ads; Assess the effectiveness of advertising and other promotional and promotional activities in our services and improve them; Software certification or management software upgrades; Let you participate in surveys about our products and services. In order to allow our users to have a better experience, improve our services or other uses that you have agreed to, we may collect personal information collected through one of our services in order to compile information, subject to relevant laws and regulations. Or personalized way for our other services. For example, your personal information collected when you use one of our services may be used in another service to provide you with certain content or to show you information that is relevant to you, not universally pushed. If we provide the appropriate options among the related services, you may also actively request that we use the personal information you provide and store on this service for our other services. Specific personal information protection statements for certain specific services will more specifically explain how we use your information in such services.
How to access and control your information
We will try to adopt appropriate technical means to ensure that you can access, update and correct your registration information or other personal information provided when using our services. When accessing, updating, correcting, and deleting your personal information, we may ask you to perform authentication to protect your account.
How We Share Your Information
We will not share your personal information with any third party without your consent except as follows: We may use your personal information with our partners and third-party service providers, contractors and agents such as communication service providers who send emails or push notifications on our behalf and map services that provide us with location data. (commercial) sharing (they may not be located in your jurisdiction) for the following purposes: Provide you with our services; To achieve the purpose described in the "How We Use Your Information" section; fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights in this Privacy Policy or other agreements reached with Hello Games Technology; Understand, maintain and improve our services. If we share your personal information with any of the above third parties, we will work hard to ensure that such third parties comply with this Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures that we require them to comply with when using your personal information. As our business continues to grow, we may conduct mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, and your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We may also need to retain, preserve or disclose your personal information for the following reasons: You authorize or agree to be disclosed by Travel Science; Comply with applicable laws and regulations; Compliance with court orders or other legal procedures; Comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies; We believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations, safeguard public interests, or protect the personal and property safety or legal rights or public safety and interests of us or our group companies, our customers, other users or employees; According to the Hello Games Techonology each tour Terms of Service and the relevant provisions of the statement, or visit the Hello Games Technology under other circumstances considered necessary.
How we keep, store and protect your information
We retain your personal information only during the period required by the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and within the time limits required by laws and regulations. We use various security technologies and procedures to prevent information loss, improper use, unauthorized reading or disclosure. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect the personal information that you provide to us. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and the limitations of risk prevention, even if we have strengthened our security measures as much as possible, we cannot always guarantee 100% information security. You need to understand that the systems and communication networks that you use to access our services may have problems due to circumstances beyond our control.
Tips for sharing information
Our multiple services allow you to publicly share your relevant information not only with your online games but also with all users who use the service, for example, information you upload or publish on our services (including your public individuals Information, your established list), your responses to information uploaded or posted by others, and location and log information related to the information. Other users who use our services may also share information related to you (including location data and log information). In particular, our social media service is designed to enable you to share information with users all over the world, so that shared information can be delivered in real time and widely. As long as you do not delete the shared information, the relevant information will remain in the public domain; even if you delete the shared information, the information may still be cached, copied or stored independently by other users or third parties that are not under our control, or by other users or These third parties are kept in the public domain. Therefore, please carefully consider the content of your uploads, postings, and communications through our services. In some cases, you can control the scope of users who have the right to browse your shared information through the privacy settings of some of our services. Hello Games technology users can choose whether to disclose information. Some information is necessary to register our services, but most other information is provided by the user. Hello Games Technology will take user comfort and self-selection as the top priority. Hello Games Technology provides users with numerous online interactive activities. In order to facilitate users to participate in interactive activities and obtain interactive prizes, FXCM usually requires applicants to be based on their personal interests in addition to contact methods (mailing address and phone number). Fill in the form. This type of information was used by Travel Science to accumulate data about its users. If the user does not want to provide the required information and participate in such activities, it is entirely up to the user to decide.
Special tips for information updates and disclosure
Hello Games Technology encourages users to update and modify their personal information to make it effective. Users can easily access and modify their personal information at any time. Users can modify or delete their relevant data at their own discretion Keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information (such as on message boards, through e-mail or posted on the chat area), such information may be collected and the use of others, thus creating your personal information leakage, do not swim the Hello Games Technology Take responsibility. If you disclose personal information in the above channels, you may expose personal information. Therefore, we remind and ask you to carefully consider whether it is necessary to disclose your personal information in the above channels.
Tips for sensitive personal information
Certain personal information may be considered sensitive personal information because of its particularity, such as your income, deposits, securities, commercial insurance, real estate information and tax amount information. Please note that the content and information that you provide, upload or publish on our services may reveal your sensitive personal information. You need to carefully consider whether you use our services to disclose your sensitive personal information. You agree that your sensitive personal information is handled in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this Privacy Policy. We hereby declare that we do not collect and store your information: religious beliefs, genes, fingerprints, blood type, disease and medical history information.
COOKIES, log files, and WEB BEACON
Through the use of cookies, Hello Games Technology provides users with a simple and personalized web experience. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. Hello Games Technology uses cookies to benefit its users. For example, in order to make the login process more efficient tour of the Hello Games Techonology, users can choose to Cookies in the presence of a user name and password. In this way, when the user wants to log in to the service of Hello Games Techonology next time, just click a button. Cookies can help us determine the content of the page and you are connected, the time you spend on travel and tour the Hello Games Techonology specific pages of your chosen service. Cookies can also tell us which ads you see on our webpages. In short, Cookies are your ID cards placed on the mobile computer or server. Cookies can only be set to read their servers, but cannot execute any code or virus. Cookies Hello Games Techonology can make travel better and faster serve you and make your travel experience on the web page of the Hello Games Techonology more personalized. However, you should be able to control whether and how cookies are accepted by your browser. Please check the documentation that came with your browser for more information on this. In short, the Hello Games Techonology will swim Cookies as a convenient experience, its role is to make the user when a service visit from the Hello Games Techonology Go to another service, no longer need to prove their identity. We and third party partners may collect and use your information through cookies and web beacons and store such information. We use our own cookies and web beacons for the following purposes: Remember your identity. For example: cookies and web beacons help us identify you as our registered user, or save you to provide us with information about your preferences or other information; Analyze your use of our services. We can use cookies and web beacons to understand what activities you use our services for, or which pages or services are most popular; Advertising optimization. Cookies and web beacons help us to provide you with advertisements related to you based on your information rather than general advertising. While using cookies and web beacons for these purposes, we may aggregate non-personally identifiable information collected through cookies and web beacons to advertisers and other partners to analyze how you and other users use our services and for advertising services. Our products and services may have cookies and web beacons placed by advertisers and other partners. These cookies and web beacons may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in order to analyze how users use the service, to send you advertisements that may be of interest to you, or to evaluate the effectiveness of advertising services. These third-party cookies and web beacons collect and use this information not subject to this Privacy Policy, but are bound by its own personal information protection statement, and we are not responsible for third-party cookies or web beacons. You can refuse or manage cookies or web beacons through browsers or user selection mechanisms. However, please note that if you disable cookies or web beacons, we may not be able to provide you with the best service experience, and some services may not work properly. At the same time, you will still receive the same number of ads, but the relevance of these ads to you will decrease.
advertising
We may use your information to provide you with ads that are more relevant to you. We may also use your information to send you marketing information through our services, email or other means to provide or promote the following goods and services of us or third parties: Our goods or services, goods or services of our affiliates and partners, including but not limited to: instant messaging services, online media services, interactive entertainment services, social networking services, payment services, Internet search services, locations and maps Services, application software and services, data management software and services, online advertising services, Internet finance and other social media, entertainment, e-commerce, information and communications software and services ("Internet services"); Third-party goods and services, including but not limited to: Internet services, food and restaurants, sports, music, movies, television, live performances and other arts and entertainment, books, magazines and other publications, clothing and accessories, jewelry, cosmetics, Personal health and hygiene, electronics, collectibles, housewares, appliances, home furnishings and furnishings, pets, cars, hotels, transportation and tourism, banking, insurance and financial services, membership points and reward programs, and what we think may be relevant to you Other goods and services. If you do not want us to use your personal information for the aforementioned advertising purposes, you may request us to stop using your personal information for the above purposes through the relevant instructions provided in our advertisements or the selection mechanisms provided in specific services.
The emails and messages we send to you
Mail and information push When you use our services, we may use your information to send email, news or push notifications to your device. If you do not wish to receive such information, you may choose to cancel your subscription on the device by following the instructions in the email we sent to you. Service-related announcements We may issue service-related announcements when necessary (for example, when we suspend a service due to system maintenance). You may not be able to cancel these announcements that are related to the service and are not part of the promotion.
Third-party services in our services
Our services may include or link to third-party provided social media or other services (including websites). E.g.: You can use the Share button to share certain content to our service, or you can use a third-party connection service to log in to our service. These features may collect your information (including your log information) and may install cookies on your computer to function properly; We provide you with links through advertisements or other means of our services that allow you to access third-party services or websites. These third-party social media or other services are operated by related third parties. Your use of such third party social media services or other services (including any personal information you provide to such third parties) is subject to the third party's own terms of service and personal information protection statement (not this Privacy Policy). Constraints, you need to read its terms carefully. This Privacy Policy only applies to any information we collect. It does not apply to the services provided by any third party or the information usage rules of third parties. We do not assume any responsibility for the use of information provided by any third party.
age limit
Hello Games Technology recommends that any minor who participates in online activities should obtain the consent of the parent or legal guardian (hereinafter referred to as “guardian”) in advance.
We encourage parents or guardians to guide minors under the age of 18 to use our services. We recommend that minors encourage their parents or guardians to read this Privacy Policy and recommend that minors seek parental or guardian consent and guidance before submitting personal information.
Except for certain specific services, all of our services apply to this Privacy Policy. These specific services will apply a specific personal information protection statement. The personal information protection statement for this specific service forms part of this Privacy Policy. If there is any inconsistency between the privacy information protection statement of any specific service and this Privacy Policy, the personal information protection statement of the specific service applies.
In addition to this "Privacy Policy" as otherwise provided herein, this "Privacy Policy" of the other words in terms of the development of public and tour Hello Games Techonology defined have the same meaning in words.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the following situations:
Information collected by third-party services (including any third-party websites) accessed through our services; Information collected by other companies and agencies that advertise services in our services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time and these modifications form part of this Privacy Policy. If such modifications result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this Privacy Policy, you may choose to stop using the services we provide to you; in such cases, if you continue to use our services, you consent to Amended by this Privacy Policy. Any modification will put your satisfaction first. We encourage you to check our privacy policy every time you visit the website of the Hello Games Techonology .
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than [90 days/6 months/1 year/2 years/the period of time in which you have an account with us/90 days past the termination of your account/6 months past the termination of your account/1 year past the termination of your account/2 years past the termination of your account].
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: [In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information.] You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws.  These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below [HYPERLINK]. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority.
Thank you for allowing us to entertain you. We value your business and are committed to protecting your privacy. We hope you view our company as your most trusted provider and we will work to continue earning your trust. Please contact us if you have any questions or if we can be of further service.
CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through one of the following ways:
Contact us via our Website:
http://www.hellogames.fun/
Email us here
hellogamesbiz@sina.com