3D Integer Games - Privacy Policy
Home
Games
Dirt Road Trucker 3D
Toy Truck Rally 2
Toy Truck Rally 3D
Thunder Stock Cars
Thunder Stock Cars 2
Freeway Traffic Rush
Big Truck Rallycross
Blog
Support
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 12th, 2023
This privacy policy governs your (“User”) use of the software applications (“Application”) for mobile devices that were created by developer
3dinteger
(
"We" or "Us")
.
This policy applies to all 3dinteger Applications unless the Application has an overriding policy. Personal information in this document means
information that can be used, either directly or indirectly, to contact you or identify you as a particular individual
. We respect our Users' privacy and continuously work with our partners to achieve a reasonable level of security for personal information.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
Data collected by our Applications
The Application itself does not collect any personal data and we do not store or process any personal data for our Users.
There is no user registration and no data storage outside of your device. We do not maintain any databases or any other means of storing any personal information. 
We do, however, use third party advertising services that may collect and treat your data as described bellow.
Data received when you contact us
When you contact us via e-mail or our website, we receive your e-mail address, name and any additional information that you provide in your e-mail message or web form.  We will use this data only to process your request and provide you with a reply. We will never share this information with anybody unless required to comply with any applicable laws or regulations. We will remove any such data within 1 year of the interaction or immediately upon your request.
Advertisements and Analytics
We
display advertisements in our Applications to fund the development process for
current and future Applications. The advertisements are provided by
Unity Ads
and they may collect and use data from the User to be able to select
and serve more relevant and optimized advertisements for the User. This data
may include but is not limited to unique user identifier, IP address, location data, device type and screen size,
and information about other apps installed on Users device. Unity maintains their own
privacy policy
that explain in more depth about what data Unity Ads collect and how it is used.
In game Unity Ads interface presents user with its
privacy policy
as well as the option to opt in or out of personalized ads targeting.
Please visit the link below to view Unity Ads privacy policy and find out more about what data they collect and how it is used.
https://unity.com/legal/game-player-and-app-user-privacy-policy
Compliance with GDPR
We
are continuously working with our advertising partners, to ensure compliance
with GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation). Thus in compliance with GDPR, you will be
given the choice not to give your consent and opt-out of data collection for personalized
advertising. Please refer to privacy policies of our advertising partners
listed above to find out in more detail about their compliance with GDPR in
regards to serving the Ads.
If
you choose to opt-out and not give consent to collect your data, no data will
be collected. You will continue seeing advertisements even if you opt-out of
data collection, but in such case the advertisements you see will not be
personalized thus making it less relevant.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using Our Application you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Application. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the Application following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Privacy Policy
©
2020 3Dinteger. Created with
Mozello
- the easiest way to create an awesome website.