War and Order Help
War and Order Privacy Policy
War and Order Privacy Policy
IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE
YOUR REGISTRATION OF BEING ONE War and Order USER!
THE WAR AND ORDER PRIVACY POLICY
SUMMARY
With this privacy policy (the “Policy”), we
want to let you know how we, Hong Kong Ke Mo software Co., Limited, were
established in Hong Kong, with the address
9/F., MW Tower,
No.111 Bonham Strand, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong (herein “Camel Games”, “we” or
“us”), promise to take care of the personal information we collect from you.
This includes the information you provide us with (for example, when opening a
game account or subscribing to our official social media platforms), when you
are on our platforms and play our games. This Policy explains which personal
information we collect from you and for what reasons, how we use, store, and
transfer such data, and also how you can contact us to ask about your data and
invoke your rights when you use War and Order.
We only collect, use, store, and transfer
(“process”) your personal information in accordance with applicable data
protection legislation, including but not limited to the (EU) General Data
Protection Regulation (2016/679) ("GDPR") and applicable national data
protection legislation (hereafter “applicable law”).
Depending on whether you are a website
visitor, customer, and/or a user of our Services, we will process personal
information such as your contact details (email address, telephone number, and
postal address), your username, passwords, and payment details. We will also
collect and use information about your technical equipment such as your
hardware and software type and location data, and other information you provide
us with, for example when you sign up for our surveys and contests. For more
information about the personal information we collect, use, and otherwise
process, please see section 6 below.
We will use your personal information for
different purposes. For example, we will use this data to provide you with the
requested Service, improve War and Order and relevant Services, predict user
trends, make recommendations based on your usage, and process payments. For
more information about how we use your data, please read below.
We will engage with other companies to
fulfill our purposes and obligations as set out in this policy and transfer
your personal information to countries outside the EU and EEA that may not have
as strict privacy legislation as where you live. If we are allowed to do so, we
will only transfer your personal information to such countries. Please read
below for more information. When we collect personal information about you, you
are entitled to the following rights under applicable law:
●
The right to access and rectify your personal
information.
●
The right to object to our processing of
personal information.
●
The right to restrict our processing of personal
information.
●
The right to demand us to delete your personal
information.
●
The right to data portability.
For more information about the rights you
have concerning your personal information, you are welcome to contact our
support team. If you have any questions about the personal information we
collect, how we use your data, and how we transfer your data to fulfill our purposes
as stated herein, please feel free to contact us at: wao@camel4u.com. Below is
a more detailed description of how we use your personal information.
CONTENT
1. Who we are
2. What we promise
3. What is personal information?
4. Reasons for processing your data
5. Cookies or similar technologies
6. When do we collect your data?
7. What data do we collect?
8. How do we use your data?
9. Who do we share your information with?
10. Can minors use our services?
11. Security measures to protect your data
12. If you choose not to share your data
with us
13. How long will we keep your data?
14. Accessing, changing, and updating your
data
15. Right to object to the processing of
your data
16. Right to erasure
17. Right to restriction
18. How to get a copy of your data or
receive a copy of your data
19. How to enforce your rights
20. How to withdraw your consent or close
your account
21. Changes in the privacy policy
22. How to contact us and how to make
complaints
23. DPO contact information
1. WHO WE ARE
We are Hong Kong Ke Mo software Co.,
Limited (“Camel Games”, “we” or “us”). This Policy applies to websites operated
by us and any other of our affiliates. This Policy also applies to your use of
our services, such as our official forums or Facebook page, and also when you
use and play our games or other products (all of the above are called
“Services”).
We are the controller of the personal
information collected. If you have any questions or want to know more about how
we use your personal information, please log in to your Camel Games account to
directly contact our Support Department through the in-game Feedback system, or
email us at wao@camel4u.com.
2. WHAT WE PROMISE
We promise to keep your data safe and not
to sell your data to third parties. We promise to give you the right to access
and delete your data, and to provide you with ways to manage and review your
marketing choices and any other information (for example, newsletters) you get
from us.
3. WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Personal information can be any relevant
information of an identified or identifiable natural person. In other words, it
can be any information that could allow us to identify you both directly and
indirectly (for example your name, email address, IP address, or billing
address). In this Policy, we will use the word “data” to refer to personal
information.
4. REASONS FOR PROCESSING YOUR DATA
We will only use and process data about you
if we have one of the following reasons to do so:
●
To fulfill a contract we have with you (for
example, when you have made an in-app purchase in War and Order).
●
When it is our legal duty (for example, to
identify your age and make sure we are not collecting data from minors, for
bookkeeping purposes, and to fulfill our obligations to the authorities).
●
When you give consent (for example, when binding
a specific game account to a third-party account).
●
When it is in our legitimate interest (for
example, enforce our policies, manage our daily business, perform statistical
analysis in an anonymous and aggregated way, direct marketing purposes, ensure
information security, prevent fraud, or transfer the data to different parts of
the organization when necessary). When we have concluded that our interest is
not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms based on
legitimate interest.
You are welcome to contact us to learn more
about how we make the conclusions mentioned above.
5. COOKIES OR SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We may use cookies or
similar technologies, typically small text files downloaded to improve
functionality or track site usage. We may use cookies and/or may permit third
parties to set and use cookies or other similar technologies to:
●
Log your IP address
●
Log the websites or
sources that referred you to our services.
●
Collect technical data
about the devices and software you use to access our services or similar
technical data.
However, we will not
link our IP address to your personal data.
We use cookies, web
beacons, and similar technologies to enhance your experience using the
Services, including:
●
Remembering you: help us
identify you as a registered user and keep the preferences or data that you
have previously provided.
●
Analyzing your use of our
services: help us understand what visitors or users are doing on our services.
Our authorized
contractors and us may use cookies and similar technologies to provide and
personalize services, prevent fraud, and fulfill other purposes mentioned
above.
6. WHEN DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA?
We will collect your data when you use War
and Order, including but not limited to the following situations:
●
When you register a War and Order account.
●
When you use specific functions.
●
When you purchase an in-game product.
●
When you play War and Order.
●
When you register and use our forums.
●
When you contact us or our support services via
email or mail.
●
When you use our websites, apps, or others of
War and Order.
●
In customer surveys.
●
If you participate in user research initiatives.
●
If you participate in game tests or prerelease
tests.
●
If you participate in our competitions or
promotions.
●
When you enroll or participate in one of our
events.
●
When you send us a game pitch.
●
When you click on one of our ads or our
newsletters.
●
When you subscribe to receive our press
releases.
●
When you log in to our Services using a
third-party account.
●
When you work for Camel Games. In such cases,
please contact our Human Resources department separately for more information.
7. WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT?
We use data that you have directly provided
to us in different situations. We also use personal information that is
generated by your device or when you use War and Order. These categories are
further explained below. Data that you explicitly provide us with:
●
Username
●
Country of residence
●
Name
●
Passwords created to access parts of the
Services
●
Nicknames on forums and in-game
●
Device information
The above information may be provided to us
when you open a War and Order account, or when you subscribe to our social
media events and platforms. Also, when purchasing a game product or enrolling
in an event, you may have to provide us with the following data:
●
Postal address
●
Telephone number
●
Billing receipt information
●
Third-party account info such as email address,
Facebook name, etc.
Finally, any other data you may actively
provide to us when:
●
You contact support or seek help from Camel
Games.
●
You fill out our surveys or join our playtests.
●
You enter a contest. If you win, we might need
additional information about you depending on the specific contest. We will,
however, only collect such information with your consent.
●
You apply for a job at Camel Games and provide
information relevant to the application.
For more information on how we use personal
information in that respect, please refer to the privacy policy available on
our job applications website.
Data we collect when you use “War and Order”
and our Services:
●
Profile and usage data. This includes the
profile you create to identify yourself when you connect to our Services and
Internet Protocol (IP) address that may uniquely identify you when you connect
to our games. It also includes other data about how you use our Services and
“War and Order”. We gather this data from devices you use to connect to these
Services and “War and Order”, such as smartphones and tablets.
●
Payment and transaction data.
●
Location data.
●
Platform type (Android, iOS).
●
Preferred language.
●
Gender.
●
Information about your device, hardware, and
software.
●
Your device’s IDFA (for iOS users) or Google Ad
ID (for Android users), or other platform information such as your IP address
or Apple ID.
●
In-game activities, including but not limited to
what games you play, own, how you play, how often, and for how long.
●
Game crash reports and error dump information
from your device.
●
Activities carried out within our War and Order
application, including installing, uninstalling, and updating event
information.
We will always ask for your consent to give
us details on your location data.
Data from third parties we work with: We
may receive data about you from third parties or partners, such as Facebook,
Google, and Appsflyer.
We may also collect information from third
parties (such as game distributors) to supplement the information you provide.
This is used to help us deliver relevant advertising to you, prevent fraud
and/or abuse, and collect your geolocation for taxation purposes.
8. HOW DO WE USE YOUR DATA?
We use the information we collect from you
and from your use of our Services to provide, maintain, protect, and improve
the Services and develop new ones. Unless you have told us not to (opt-out), we
may also use the information to offer you tailored content, like giving you
more relevant ads and informing you of the game releases that you might be
interested in. We will not use your data for any other purpose than the purpose
for which the data is originally collected. To operate our business and enhance
your gaming experience, we will use your information in the following ways:
●
To operate, improve, develop, and provide you
with our games, apps, and Services
●
To provide you with recommendations and game
offers that you may like
●
To respond to inquiries or comments from you
●
To verify your identity in order to prevent
unauthorized access
●
To provide you with software updates
●
To understand usage trends
●
To calculate marketing conversion rates and
other elements of advertising performance
●
To help track and correct errors and bugs in
games and services
●
To customize your user experience
●
To maintain the integrity and security of the
Services
●
To process transactions and communicate with you
regarding these transactions
●
To maintain or administer your War and Order
account, including contacting you in order to update your War and Order details
if necessary
●
To administer and perform playtests and beta
tests that you have signed up for
●
To create reports, analyses, or similar for the
purpose of research and business intelligence and be able to track potential
problems, behavior and trends
●
To enforce our terms and conditions, such as our
End User Protocol Agreement, Terms of Service, Rules of Conduct, and this
Policy
●
To send you newsletters, promotional notices,
and offers you have previously agreed to
●
To keep our Services fair, we will investigate
and prevent fraud and illegal behavior
●
To comply with applicable laws and regulations
Special information about marketing:
We use your data to inform you about
relevant products and offers, for example, to provide you with targeted
marketing. The data we collect in such cases contain information that you
voluntarily provide us with, the data we collect when you use our Services, or
from third parties we work with. We analyze this data to form a view on what we
think you might want or need, or what may be of interest to you. You can at any
time object to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes,
including any profiling for such purposes, and we will then stop using your
personal information for such purposes.
9. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
WITH?
To provide you with the Services and the
best possible experience, we will share your data with other related companies
and authorized organizations. We will only do so if our partners can provide
the same level of security to keep your data safe as implemented by us, and we
can ensure that they comply with applicable laws and privacy regulations. We
may share your information with the following partners:
●
Game distribution platforms (for example, Google,
Apple, and Amazon)
●
Advertising partners and attribution platforms
that help us understand the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns (for
example, Google, Facebook, and Appsflyer)
●
Please note that our games or products may be
advertised in other applications. If you click on one of these advertisements
and install our game, you will become a user of our Services. To prevent fraud
and verify the installation of the game, we may share your IDFA (iOS) and/or
Advertiser ID (Android) with the relevant advertisers.
●
For Services using the Unity Engine, Unity is
our service provider. Unity may collect certain data in relation to your use of
such Services. You can find their privacy policy on their website:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.
We may release your data when we are
required to by court order, according to law, or in the event of a bankruptcy
or other similar unfortunate events.
We may also share and acquire your data
with future subsidiaries or companies if we choose to sell, transfer or merge
parts of our business. We will, however, only transfer the data if we must and
if these companies comply with applicable privacy regulations and can guarantee
that your data will be kept safely.
10. CAN MINORS USE OUR SERVICES?
Our Services and War and Order are not
directed at minors and we do not knowingly collect information from minors
under 13 years of age, without parental consent. Since May 25, 2018, only
minors over 13 years old are allowed to open a War and Order account. We
strongly recommend parents or guardians instruct their children to not disclose
any data when online. Parents or guardians who are concerned about the transfer
of data are welcome to contact us via email: wao@camel4u.com. If we verify that
we have collected data from a minor, we will promptly delete it unless we are
legally obligated to retain such data.
11. SECURITY MEASURES TO PROTECT YOUR
DATA
We maintain physical, electronic, and
procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable privacy regulations to
protect your data. If transactions are offered on the Services, transaction
information is transmitted to and from the Service in encrypted form using
industry-standard Transport Layer Security (TLS used to be known as SSL)
connections to help protect such information from interception. We strictly
restrict the authorized access to your data only to those persons who have a
legitimate purpose to access it. We also have security measures in place to
protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the data we process. When you log
in to War and Order, please don’t share your personal information with other
users. War and Order will never ask you to provide your password or send your
password in writing. Most people who make this type of request are attempting
to steal items in your account.
12. IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO SHARE YOUR DATA
WITH US
We may need to collect data to fulfill our
legal obligations or fulfill the terms of a contract we have with you, or be
able to even provide you with the Services. If you choose not to give us this
data, it may prevent us from meeting our obligations. It may also mean that we
cannot perform the Services needed to run your War and Order account or
policies. It may also mean that we have to cancel a product or Service you have
of ours.
13. HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
We will keep your information for as long
as you are a player or customer of War and Order. We may keep your information
longer for research or statistical purposes. If we keep your information for an
extended period for these purposes, we will guarantee your information is kept
anonymous and can’t be traced to you. We will also keep your information longer
if we cannot delete it for legal or regulatory reasons. We will delete all data
that is no longer necessary after a reasonable period.
14. ACCESSING, CHANGING, AND UPDATING
YOUR DATA
When you use our Services, we strive to
provide you with ways to quickly update or delete data that you have actively
provided. You have the right to access the data relating to you. This includes
the right to be informed whether or not the data about you is being processed,
what data about you is being processed, and the purpose of the processing. You
also have a right, upon your request, to access information about any
evaluation or assessment of the balancing test we are required to conduct when
we process your data based on our legitimate interest. Furthermore, you have
the right to rectify or add data if the personal information is inaccurate or
incomplete. As soon as we become aware of any inaccurate personal information
being processed, we will always rectify your data without undue delay and
notify you accordingly. If you have created a War and Order account, you can
use the in-game Contact Official function or email wao@camel4u.com to contact
us regarding your data.
15. RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF
YOUR DATA
You also have the right to object to the
processing of your data according to your particular situation. Please note
that we must still process some personal information about you to provide the
Services to you. This means that you cannot object to all processing of your
personal information and still require us to provide Services to you.
16. RIGHT TO ERASURE
You have the right to request that we erase
data related to you. We will erase your data upon request provided that it is
no longer necessary for the purpose (for example, you cannot require all
personal information about you to be erased and still enjoy our Services) or we
have a legal obligation to store personal information.
17. RIGHT TO RESTRICTION
You have the right to require us to
restrict our processing of your personal information under the following
situations:
●
If you contest the accuracy of the data.
●
If the processing is unlawful, but you do still
not want us to erase the data.
●
If the data is no longer needed to fulfill the
purpose it was collected for or you have informed us that you do not consider
us to have a legitimate interest in certain processing.
18. HOW TO GET A COPY OF YOUR DATA OR
RECEIVE A COPY OF YOUR DATA
You can request a copy of your data by
logging into your War and Order Account and contacting our official support
team through the in-game “Contact Official” feature, or by sending an email to wao@camel4u.com.
If you request access to the personal information that you have provided, and
if the personal information is being processed automatically and in accordance
with a contract between you and Camel or based on your consent, you may request
that the data be provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable
format. You may also request that the personal information be transmitted to
another controller if this is technically feasible.
19. HOW TO ENFORCE YOUR RIGHTS
You can contact our Support department by
logging into your Camel Games account and using the Contact Official function
or emailing wao@camel4u.com at any time to get a list of all the data we have
collected from you or to get such data deleted or invoke your other rights as
explained above. We will do our best to answer your request in a timely manner,
but please note that it may take a couple of days. Thank you for your patience
and understanding.
Please note that if we cannot identify or
verify who you are, we might ask you to provide us with additional information
or log into your War and Order account if possible. Please note that we will
not delete any data if we are unable to verify that you are their rightful
owner. We will always do our best to help you out.
20. HOW TO WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT OR
CLOSE YOUR ACCOUNT
You can contact our official Support team
to close your account, but if you close your account, we may be unable to
provide you with certain Services, and your game experience may be affected.
Closing your game account will cause you to lose all of your game progress,
virtual currency, virtual items, and ability to access the game.
21. CHANGES IN THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Policy may change from time to time.
Any changes to this Policy can be checked at any time in the in-game Privacy
Policy. If the changes are significant, we will clearly notify you. For
example, we will notify you of changes to this Policy via in-game mail, in-game
pop-up windows, or your Camel Games account page. If you have received
notification about changes to this Policy and refuse to accept them, you might
not be able to continue using all the features of our Services.
22. HOW TO CONTACT US AND HOW TO MAKE
COMPLAINTS
Please let us know if you are not satisfied
with the way we use and process your data by logging into your account to
contact our Support department or send an email: wao@camel4u.com.
If you are not satisfied with the way we
use and process your data, please let us know by logging into your account to
contact our Support department or send an email: wao@camel4u.com.
You are welcome to send us feedback if you
think that this Policy or any part of it is unclear. Our address is 9/F., MW
Tower, No.111 Bonham Strand, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
23. DPO CONTACT INFORMATION
DPO Contact: Monica Lee
Email:
wao@camel4u.com
Copyright 2018    Camel Games