ePSXe Opengl Plugin
Home
About us
Services
Team
Blog
Videos Gallery
Pictures Gallery
Typography
Sliders
Testimonials
Location
Contact us
Privacy Policy
ePSXe Software SL built the ePSXe sevenzip plugin as open source plugin. This SERVICE is provided by ePSXe Software SL is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and
    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
    relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and
    improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
    in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
    which is accessible at ePSXe sevenzip plugin, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
ePSXe sevenzip plugin do NOT collect information from the Users at all.
Advertising
ePSXe sevenzip plugin does NOT include Ads at all.
Permissions required by the App
NONE
Service Providers
The plugin does NOT use third party services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
    periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
    on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
    us (email address below).
This Privacy Policy page was created at
privacypolicytemplate.net
.
Disclaimers
ePSXe Copyright 2000/2019 ePSXe team.
Sony Playstation is a registered trademark of Sony.
All mentioned games are registered trademarks of their authors or marks.
Neither the ePSXe Team software nor its authors are affiliated with Sony.
ePSXe Developer Team
calb, galtor & _demo_
Twitter: @epsxeteam
http://epsxe.com
Email address protected by JavaScript. Activate javascript to see the email.
© 2019 ePSXe Team |
Disclaimer