Wooden Toys
Wooden Toys
Our projects
Contacts
Contacts
RU
EN
see the game
in everything
let's make
simple games
see the game
in everything
let's make
simple games
Our projects
Find my phone whistle
Does your phone always get lost? Are you tired of searching and being nervous? Whistle and the app will respond with sound, vibration or flash. You don't need a GPS or a phone number to search. Protect your smartphone or tablet from loss and theft.
Real vampires: drink blood
Imagine that you are a vampire, and your phone is a glass of real blood! Tilt the phone, pretending to drink or pour blood, mix cocktails from insane and frightening ingredients and complete tasks.
Hit zombie with car
Dominate the roads as you kill zombies under the wheels of your monstrous truck in an apocalypse wasteland. Customize your truck, use powerful boosters and compete with other survivors, crushing everything in your path!
Attacking hole: truck
Ride a cool truck armed with a black hole! Skilfully pilot your truck, devouring every weapon and bullet in sight to fight the boss with all the ammo you've accumulated. Can you harness the destructive force of the black hole?
Vacuum cats
These cute cats just want to clean up the mess, but their definition of cleanliness might surprise you. Ride a robot vacuum cleaner and enjoy fun pvp battles with lots of adorable skins, while causing mayhem all over the house!
Money cash clicker
Earn virtual billions in the game about wealth — you just need to swipe the bills off the screen. You start with a simple mafia assistant, but develop your business — and you will keep growing rich without doing anything!
Squishy toy DIY
Squeeze and stretch your way to relaxation, let go of your worries and feel the tension melt away as you play with these delightful squishy toys. Discover the ultimate antistress experience!
Grass mow.io
It may seem like a relaxing lawn mowing game, but in reality it's a battle for survival. Cut the grass faster than anyone, grab as much territory as possible and defeat your rivals!
Cat barista
Immerse yourself in the charming atmosphere of a cozy cat cafe, where adorable feline baristas whip up the most enchanting cocktails just for you. Every drink is crafted with love — take a sip!
Karaoke producer
Imagine you're a main producer in a popular karaoke bar: help your mentees go from an aspiring singer to a superstar; play mini-games; enjoy reading interactive novels where you yourself can influence the fate of the characters.
Portal finger quest
This is definitely the most unusual puzzle of all that you have ever seen! Use your wit and all the capabilities of your phone to solve each of our quests. Find out what lurks on the other side of the portal!
Survival craft quest
This game combines 3-in-a-row and survival genres: your plane crashed on an island full of dangers. Explore the wreckage of the aircraft, collect resources, craft tools. Try to survive to get back home!
Drink milk prank
On this farm, mischievous cats are in charge of making the most delightful milkshakes. Help them whip up delicious drinks, navigate through challenges — and experience the pure joy of life on the farm!
Karaoke voice hero
Feel like a DJ or a musician: turn on your favorite song and tap the falling notes in time and rhythm, combining them into a melody. Imagine playing a guitar solo or creating a beat on a DJ console!
Kittens: what cat are you?
Funny face scanner for children and for all those who love cats: just take a selfie and find out what kind of cat you are today! Repeat the scan to discover other cats and learn more about cat breeds.
Perfect Shape
A fitness simulation game: go to the gym and choose your program - yoga? Sport exercises? Or maybe dancing? Learn new moves, and let the practice make your perfect shape!
Liquid slime antistress toys
This is an anti-stress application and a game: squeeze liquid slime from a rubber ball and collect coins. Get all the available balls and colors of slime, earn as many coins as possible and do not stress!
Knife out
Test your precision and skill as you embark on an adrenaline-pumping journey to hit the bullseye. Whether you're a seasoned pro or a newcomer to knife throwing, this game promises endless fun and challenges.
Wolf pack io
Join the ultimate PvP battle of survival in the forest! Hunt for resources, forge alliances, and engage in fierce battles with rival wolf packs as you strive for dominance in the untamed wilderness.
Money clicker: stock market
Become a high-rolling tycoon in a new view on Money clicker! Dive into the intricate world of stock trading, make investments, and watch your wealth skyrocket with each click. Are you ready to rise to the top of the financial world?
Dot liner
Do you like drawing by dots? What about reaction games? We combined these two genres into one game: tap the screen in time, drawing the polygonal image step by step. And the collection of cool bright pictures will be a reward for you.
Merge & Blast 2048
In the game Merge & Blast 2048, we mixed two well-known and loved genres: zuma and 2048. Shoot the balls with numbers, combining the same ones, and try to reach the number 2048 - or even more! If the balls reach the exit, you lose.
Fairy forest
Dark magic has thrown you into another world. But you are not as simple as you think too: change day and night to defeat enemies on your way and get out of this enchanted forest. An intriguing game with a magical design and unusual controls.
Knife Stack
Tap the screen in time and throw the knife to destroy the platforms. If the knife crashes into an indestructible block, you lose, so be careful. Destroy many blocks at a time to earn more points.
Prison Dig
Help the prisoners run away from the jail: dig a way in which they can escape from prison. You will find a lot of ​​obstacles and traps that need to be skillfully circumvented. Save as many people as possible!
Contact us
By clicking the button, you consent to the processing of personal data and agree to the
privacy policy
.
Send
Wooden Toys LLP
Bauirzhan Momyshuli 2B-1a, Astana, KZ
+7 747 615 5409
BIN 220740024838
info.wooden.games@gmail.com
×