Privacy Policy - World of Tennis: Roaring ’20s
World of Tennis: Roaring ’20s
Navigation
HOME
Features
Players
Clubs
Coaches
Equipment
League
AI Agents
Gallery
FAQ
Download
CONTACT US
HOME
Features
Players
Clubs
Coaches
Equipment
League
AI Agents
Gallery
FAQ
Download
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
11 March,2016
Iskander Umarov
Welcome to Helium9 Games. Your privacy is important to us.
Helium9 Games is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites (www.worldoftennis.com and www.helium9games.com) or any Helium9 Games game (collectively, the “Service”).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by Helium9 Games through your use of the Service. Helium9 Games is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies. By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.
Information Collection and Use
Helium9 Games collects information as described below. Helium9 Games’s primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use. We store information on servers located in the United States and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.
Helium9 Games’ Sites
While you are browsing Helium9 Games’ Sites, your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically. We may use this information to monitor, develop and analyze your use of the Service. In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses. We may use this information to create a user profile and provide you services. We may use your email address to contact you about your experience with Helium9 Games Sites and notify you about company news and promotions. Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions. Your mail address may be used if we have merchandise or other physical promotional materials that we want to send to you. If you no longer wish to receive these types of promotional materials, you may opt-out from receiving them at any time by emailing us at support@helium9games.com.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Helium9 Games games
When you use any of the Helium9 Games games or applications on any platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends. We may collect your location-based information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application and so you may interact with other users of the game. We will not share this information with any third party without your permission. If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you may turn it off at the device level. In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the Helium9 Games games you are playing.
Facebook Connect, Game Center and Google+
You can log in to our Service using sign-in services (“SN Service”) such as Facebook Connect, Apple’s Game Center, or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, email address, and resume to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network. We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service. The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to Helium9 Games game(s).
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook, Game Center or Google+ about you, please contact us at support@helium9games.com.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with Helium9 Games games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of a communication or by emailing us at support@helium9games.com.
Push Notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files. This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them. This data is stored on our servers. With your permission, we may also collect your exact location so that we are able to match you with other players in your area.
Tracking Technologies
We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a user’s computer/device and to “remember” things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service. We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer/device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies associate your computer/device with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service and third party sites and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these third party advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technology.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you. You’ll find links to our partners’ privacy policies below:
Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/gdpr
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/115001489613
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Tapjoy:
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#data-processing-addendum
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy/
Fyber:
https://www.fyber.com/privacypolicy-en.html/
AdMob:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en&ref_topic=2745287
Youappi:
https://www.youappi.com/privacy-policy/
Survey Serving Technology (iOS and Android)
Helium9 Games games use Pollfish SDK on iOS and Android. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to the game, a specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID which will may be processed by Pollfish only in strict compliance with google play policies- and/or other device data) and response meta-data is automatically sent to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully Pollfish respondent terms located at
https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent
. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sends such questionnaires to eligible users. By using Helium9 Games games on iOS/Android you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish website. We once more invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.
How We Use Information
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:
• create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
• identify and suggest connections with other Helium9 Games users;
• operate and improve our Service;
• understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service;
• respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
• provide and deliver products and services you request;
• send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
• communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Helium9 Games and our selected partners; and
• link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Facebook platform data (optional)
If user optionally connects his/her Facebook account to the game (using menu Settings/Connect Facebook, for example) then Helium9 Games’ games use the following Facebook platform data:
• Facebook user ID. Facebook user ID is used as a link indication of user’s game account to the user’s Facebook account; the purpose of linking the user’s game account to the user’s Facebook account is to provide the ability to login to the game with the same game account on different devices and platforms and to have an ability to restore in-game progress using user’s Facebook account after deinstallation of the game;
• Facebook user profile picture. Facebook user profile picture is used to display the user in-game avatar to other game players;
Users can request deletion of the Facebook platform data by writing to support@helium9games.com. Note that the Facebook platform data will be deleted together with deletion of gaming account either on user request or by cleaning of the inactive accounts;
Disclosure of Your information
Helium9 Games does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
• With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies. If you no longer wish to allow us to share your information with third parties, please contact us at support@helium9games.com. If you no longer wish to receive such communications from third parties, please contact that third party directly.
• Helium9 Games may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. Examples of these services include analyzing data and providing customer support. These agents and service providers may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for Helium9 Games.
• We may release your information as permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; investigate fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
• Helium9 Games may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or notice on our site of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
• We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Changes to the Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Security
Helium9 Games takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Access to Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or delete inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us at support@helium9games.com. We will respond to your access request within 30 days.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at support@helium9games.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at support@helium9games.com.
International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of information and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.
Contact Information
Our address: Helium9 Games s.r.o., Varsavska 36, 120 00 Prague, Czech Republic.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at support@helium9games.com.
World of Tennis © 2016-2022 by Helium9 Games
Privacy Policy
facebook_account
twitter_account
pinterest_account
instagram_account
youtube_account
World of Tennis: Roaring ’20s