专栏文章
LOFTER for ipad —— 让兴趣，更有趣
点击下载
关闭
意见反馈
LOFTER-网易轻博
浏览
APP
登录
注册
Privacy Policy
mihuan
2022-01-26
Dear user, Hello!
Your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy governs the information we collect about you and your use of the information we provide to you.
The Company places great importance on protecting the privacy of its users and undertakes not to disclose or provide information to third parties without the user's permission as part of the normal operating procedures of the Company's services. When the Company is required by governmental authorities to disclose personal information in accordance with legal procedures, the Company will provide personal information as requested by law enforcement agencies or for the purpose of public safety. The Company shall not be liable for any disclosure under such circumstances.
1.To obtain prior authorization from the user
2. As required by relevant laws and regulations
3. In accordance with the requirements of the relevant government authorities
4. To protect the interests of the public
5. To maintain the legitimate rights and interests of the platform
Personal and company information.
The Company respects and protects the user's personal privacy, and the "personal data" used in this regulation refers to the information that can be used to identify you, and the Company will not actively handle your personal data or disclose it to a third party without your personal permission or in accordance with the mandatory provisions of relevant laws and regulations. However, we reserve the right to carry out additional processing in specific circumstances to the extent permitted or required by law, or in order to cooperate with judicial or criminal investigations.
-When you register on our website and use our services, with your consent and confirmation, we will ask you to set up an email address and password to identify you in case you lose your password. If you disclose your password, you may lose your personally identifiable information and legal consequences may result to your detriment. You should contact us immediately if the account and password are potentially or actually at risk for any reason, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage until we take action.
-You shall provide us with your email address when you register for the account, and you may choose to fill in additional information (including, but not limited to, your company's province and city, time zone and postal code, real name, etc.).
-Without your consent and confirmation, we will not use the information provided by you in our specific activities for other purposes.
Beijing Honeybadger Studio Entertainment Co.
# 长文章
版权归作者所有，转载请注明出处
mihuan
关注
热度 0
评论 0
分享
推荐文章
Support information
If you have any questions, you can either leave a message or send ...
mihuan
隐私条款
隐私政策更新日期：2022年1月27日生效日期：2022年1月27日 欢迎您使用，该游戏由【北京蜜獾工坊娱乐文化有限公司】（以下简称...
mihuan
好好的唱片封面，被小伙伴儿们画跑题了
经常看一些外国友人拿经典图像进行推翻式的重塑，就像美国著名的山姆大叔那样，不知衍生出来多少个版本，一些创意人甚至融入了自己的风格。这...
ROOM114
查看更多
评论(0)
联系我们
|
招贤纳士
|
移动客户端
|
风格模板
|
官方博客
|
侵权投诉 Reporting Infringements
|
未成年人有害信息举报 0571-89852053
网易公司版权所有　©1997-2023
浙公网安备 33010802010186号
浙ICP备16011220号-11
增值电信业务经营许可证：浙B2-20160599
网络文化经营许可证： 浙网文[2022]1208-054号
自营经营者信息
工业和信息化部备案管理系统网站
12318全国文化市场举报网站
分享到
转载我的主页
关闭
this.p={forbidShare:1,headLine:"",hotCount:0,favoriteCount:0,isFavor:false,isFollow:false,author:'mihuan'}