Enrasoft Apps: Enrasoft Apps Privacy Policy
Enrasoft Apps
jueves, 24 de mayo de 2018
Enrasoft Apps Privacy Policy
Enrasoft Apps Privacy Policy
Enrasoft Apps Privacy Policy for Customers and Apps Visitors
Enrasoft Apps SLU. cares about the privacy of individuals who use our apps at Google Play Store, Amazon Appstore and Apple Appstore, and otherwise do business with us. This Privacy Policy explains how Enrasoft Apps collects, uses, processes, discloses, and safeguards information we obtain from and about our customers, visitors to our Sites, and business prospects and partners (collectively, “You”), including information we collect when you visit our websites, use our mobile applications or other services offered by Enrasoft Apps, or purchase our products and services (collectively, our “Services”). It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. Your use of the Services is subject to this Privacy Policy
1. How Enrasoft Apps Collects Information
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We obtain Personal Information relating to you, our business partner, from various sources described below.
Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from our Services if that information is necessary to provide you with the service or if we are legally required to collect it.
i. Personal Information Provided by You
Registration, Orders, and Other Information You Provide
We collect your information, including your sign-in credentials, name, email address and phone number, when you complete an order form, register to use our Services, request that we contact you or provide additional information to you, or attend an event. Some of our pages (such as those accepting job applications) utilize framing techniques to serve content from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our Sites. Please be aware that you are providing your Personal Information to these third parties and not to Enrasoft Apps.
Communications
If you contact us directly, such as to request information or access to the Services, or for Customer Support, we may receive additional information about you, such as your contact information and the contents of your communication. We may receive information when you complete a form on our Sites.
Payment Information
If you pay for access to our Services, we may collect payment information that you provide, such as bank account information and other information necessary to transfer funds.
Third Party Account Credentials
In order to use certain Enrasoft Apps Services, you may provide Enrasoft Apps with credentials that grant access to third party websites and services, such as your developer or advertising account credentials.
ii. Information We Collect When You Use the Services
Device Information
We receive information about your device, including IP address, web browser type, operating system version, mobile device model, device manufacturer and model, language codes, your Internet Service Provider (ISP), unique device identifiers. We ask you to take this information.
Usage Information
We receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view, the dates and times of your interactions, the searches you conduct, how often you use our Services, where you downloaded the application from. We ask you to take this information.
Location Data
We may infer your location from information we collect (for example, your IP address indicates the general geographic region from which you are connecting to the Internet). We may use location information to provide you with features, notifications, marketing, or other content that is influenced by your location (such as showing you the Services in your local language). We ask you to take this information.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer or mobile device. When you use our Services, we and our third party service providers may collect information from you through cookies, web beacons, web server logs, and similar technologies. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. By using the Services, you consent to the placement of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies in your browser and on emails in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you disable cookies on your browser, some parts of the Services may not work fully. We ask you to take this information.
We may work with analytics providers such as Google Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. Google Analytics may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. We ask you to take this information.
We partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. Some of our advertising partners are members of the
Network Advertising Initiative
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
. If you do not wish to receive our personalized ads, please visit their opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt out of receiving personalized ads from member companies (or if located in the European Union you can disable it in the apps). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Please visit your device’s settings or install the AppChoices app to learn more about how you may opt out of receiving personalized ads in mobile apps.
Our Services may include links, features or components supplied by third parties, such as the Facebook “Like” button or other interactive tools. Such third-parties may have information practices different than those set forth herein and their use of cookies and similar technologies is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We do not have access to or control over such third parties and encourage you to consult the privacy notices provided by those third parties.
iii. Information We Obtain From Third Parties
We may receive information about you from our third party partners, such as business or marketing partners. We may combine this information with the other information we collect about you to provide more useful information to you regarding our services. This information may include, for example, your name, address, and billing information.
We also receive information when you register through an Enrasoft Apps partner (e.g., a partner who co-hosts an event, webinar, or whitepaper).
2. How Enrasoft Apps Uses Information
Enrasoft Apps will use information, including Personal Information, for the following purposes:
Providing the Service
We use your information to provide, enhance, improve, and personalize our Services.
Facilitating Transactions
We use your payment information to facilitate your transactions and payments.
Analytics
We will use your information to understand and analyze how you use our Services.
Marketing and Advertising
We will use your information for marketing purposes, such as contacting you about Enrasoft Apps’s products and services, providing you with promotional materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you. We use Personal Information that we collect in connection with the Services, such as your location and your activities on the Services, to determine whether Enrasoft Apps may wish to contact you in order to offer you Enrasoft Apps’s services and to facilitate the delivery of advertisements. We may send you (a) information about topics or content that we think may interest you, or (b) updates about the latest developments or features on the Services. We also may send push notifications to your device and a newsletter or similar materials to the email address you provide to us in the event that you subscribe to receive such a newsletter
Communications
Enrasoft Apps will use your information to communicate with you, including to respond to your inquiries and to send emails to an email address you provide to us for customer-service or technical-support purposes.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, we only process your Personal Information based on a valid legal ground, including when:
You have consented to the use of your Personal Information, for example, to receive marketing communications. You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal;
We need your Personal Information to provide you with the Services, including for account registration, or to respond to your inquiries;
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information; and
We or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information to conduct business analytics, and otherwise improve the safety, security, and performance of our Services.
3. How Enrasoft Apps Discloses Information
Corporate Affiliates
Enrasoft Apps may share your information with and receive information from Enrasoft Apps’s offices throughout the world, subject to this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers
We may share your information with our vendors, service providers, and other third parties that perform services on our behalf.
Advertising Partners
Enrasoft Apps may work with and share your Personal Information with our third party advertising partners to provide you with advertisements regarding Enrasoft Apps’s Services. For more information about our advertising and marketing practices and those of the third party advertising partners, please see the Cookies and Related Technologies section above.
As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures
We may disclose information about you: (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect against or respond to physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss to property; or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
Enrasoft Apps may disclose your Personal Information to a potential or actual acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Consent
Enrasoft Apps may further disclose your Personal Information with your consent.
4. Transfer to Other Countries
If you are using the Services from regions with laws governing data collection and use, then please note that we may transfer your Personal information to multiple countries throughout the world, including the United States. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. By providing your Personal Information to the Service, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, we comply with applicable data protection law when transferring your Personal Information outside of this area. In particular, we may transfer your Personal Information to countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued, use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information to our U.S. headquarters or third parties, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, or rely on third parties’ certification to the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks, where applicable. You may contact us as specified below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of the EEA.
5. Data Retention
We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period or to, or such information is necessary to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrolment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
6. Our Commitment to Security
Enrasoft Apps employs a variety of security technologies and procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized disclosure of, access to and use of Information that Enrasoft Apps collects or receives.
7. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 16 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 16. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, then you may alert us at
enrasoft@gmail.com
. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 16, then we will promptly take steps to delete such information.
8. Your Rights and Choices
Global Rights
Upon request, Enrasoft Apps will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. You can update or correct Personal Information (e.g., your email address) by accessing your account. You can also access or rectify your information by reaching out to us at
enrasoft@gmail.com
. You can delete your information by sending an email to
enrasoft@gmail.com
with your first name, last name, and the respective email addresses you would like for us to delete. To opt-out of receiving our newsletters or marketing emails, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions included in the emails communications you receive, access the email preferences in your account settings page, or contact us at the above email address. Please note that we have the right to reject deletion requests that are unduly burdensome or repetitive or that cannot be honored in light of legal obligations or ongoing disputes, or where retention is necessary to enforce our agreements or protect our or another party’s rights, property, safety, or security.
European Rights
If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, you may have the right to exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company. In addition, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
10. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact Enrasoft Apps via email (
enrasoft@gmail.com
) or at the following address:
Enrasoft Apps SLU
Calle Roca 30
Valencia 46007
Valencia, Spain
11. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We will post any adjustments to this Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through our Service, we will notify you through our Service, by email, or other communication.
Publicado por
Unknown
en
7:25
Enviar por correo electrónico
Escribe un blog
Compartir con Twitter
Compartir con Facebook
Compartir en Pinterest
4 comentarios:
Augustine Benjamin
4 de agosto de 2020, 4:20
Clickfunnel reviews tells how some millionaires benefitted from Clickfunnels software. It tells us how this software help and become successful. Clickfunnel reviews contains facts
online
with marketing trainings and many other success stories.
Responder
Eliminar
Respuestas
Responder
Unknown
17 de abril de 2021, 21:51
Yyjkkkg
Responder
Eliminar
Respuestas
Responder
Shemale
23 de agosto de 2021, 11:36
ayanlegure8@gmail.com
Responder
Eliminar
Respuestas
Responder
Unknown
14 de enero de 2022, 4:25
7583
Responder
Eliminar
Respuestas
Responder
Añadir comentario
Cargar más...
Entrada antigua
Inicio
Suscribirse a:
Enviar comentarios (Atom)
Tema Sencillo. Con la tecnología de
Blogger
.