Privacy Policy – Chulbul Games
Skip to content
Chulbul Games
Menu
Home
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
Much obliged to you for playing Chulbul Games! We regard your security and we deal with it genuinely. This security strategy depicts what data Chulbul Games accumulates, uses and procedures when you utilize its applications. We continue refreshing our protection strategy so compassionately read it habitually. This security strategy applies to our everything of allowed to mess around with discretionary in-game-buys decision.
So as to keep up nature of our applications and improve your game understanding, we use the data gathered from our clients. Every once in a while, we make changes in our security strategy and tell you by refreshing the date at the highest point of strategy. We do send you a restored assent upon explicit changes and give an additional notification. By inspecting our security strategy, you can remain educated regarding the progressions and can ensure your protection.
Assent: Entering or Using our Apps/Web you consent to Privacy Policy and it additionally implies that you need to peruse cautiously about the assortment and utilization of your own just as non-individual data through our applications and site and other help mediums. To quit, you can quit utilizing our WEB and for Apps or Games from inside the application/game from Privacy Controls Options.
DATA WE COLLECT
This Privacy Policy just applies to applications. At the point when you share data to Chulbul Games by means of site or administrations, if it’s not too much trouble audit our protection strategy accessible at the site. We consequently collect the data when you reach or utilize our application that incorporates:
• Non-Identifiable & Anonymous Information / Non Personal Information We don’t know about the uniqueness of the User from whom we have gathered the Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information is any open data which doesn’t empower distinguishing proof of an individual User, and which is accessible to us while such User is going into as well as utilizing the Site/App/Game. Non-individual Information which is being assembled comprises of specialized data, social data and totaled data, and may contain, in addition to other things, the action of the User on the Site/App/Game, kind of working framework, User’s ‘click-stream’ or searches on the Site, type and form of program, console language, screen goals, and so on.
• Personally Identifiable Information/Personal Information This data may recognize an individual or might be of a private and additionally delicate nature. Clients of the Site/App/Game consequently give their IP address (or Mac Address) for the most part for upgrading the User’s understanding and for geo-area and security purposes as additionally point by point beneath. Furthermore, Personal Information which is being accumulated comprises of any close to home subtleties gave intentionally and deliberately by the User:
We do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you without your approval, which is obtained, through your active acceptance to the Terms and the Privacy Policy and from Consent Dialog from within App/Game.
We may also collect following information
• IP address; Country codes
• Language; Locale (explicit area where a given language is spoken);
• Network status (WiFi, and so forth.), program module types and forms;
• User specialist string (UA), stage, SDK rendition, timestamp;
• Time zone, meeting start/stop time,
• Apps introduced in gadget;
• IDFAs, IDFVs, Advertising IDs;
• Technical gadget data (for example gadget model and name, OS name and form, CPU data, stockpiling subtleties, screen size, firmware, programming, cell phone transporter, Internet specialist organization, API key identifier for application, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) on Android, Android ID, Android Serial No)
Information is Collected Via Either automatically or Programmatically
While browsing our Site
While Using/Playing our App/Game
When contacting us through Email/Facebook and/or other Support Mediums
Purpose of Data Collection
1 Non Personal Information is utilized for factual and research purposes and for customization and improvement of our Site/App/Game
2 Personal Information is utilized to have the option to Reply you when you contact through help channels(Facebook/Email)
3 Personal Information like Location/IP is utilized to give you Ads as indicated by your area, this is called relevant commercial.
4 We utilize the data we gather about you/your gadget to convey administrations to you and to work our business. Such use by us and by our Partners may include:
• Delivering Our Services: Developing, conveying and improving our items, administrations, and substance, fitting our items and administrations, giving programming updates and item backing, understanding and dissecting patterns regarding utilization of the Apps, controlling the Apps, and client correspondences.
• Displaying Advertisements: Displaying outsider notices in our Apps and demonstrating commercials for our Apps in other distributer’s applications.
• Cross-advancement: Cross Promoting our Apps and administrations, which means we may advance one of our Apps while you are playing an alternate App of our own.
• Analytics and Research: understanding and dissecting patterns regarding the utilization of the Apps, gathering segment data about our client base, information about where the App was downloaded from. We may likewise make reports and investigation for the reasons for examination or business insight, for instance to follow possible issues or patterns with our Apps and administrations, or to test our new game highlights and substance. We utilize the information we get from Third Party Social Network just for interior examination. For quitting from examination please visit Opt-Out Section of this Privacy Policy.
Use and Disclosure of Information: when all is said in done, we won’t utilize or unveil individual data about you in any case than to give or offering products and ventures to you, for whatever other reason that you may sensibly expect, for some other reason approved by law, or for some other purposes revealed to or approved by you. This may incorporate revelations to associations that furnish us with proficient counsel, for example, specialists, bookkeepers and business counselors.
It might be fundamental for the data to be unveiled to different associations throughout our arrangement of administrations, or for the lead of our business. These different associations may incorporate different gatherings engaged with the arrangement of administrations to you, our colleagues engaged with the product, applications as well as administrations we give to you, and different associations offering types of assistance to us, for example, installment processors or facilitating administrations. We direct all such associations to keep up the privacy of the data revealed to them and to not utilize your data for any reason other than to offer types of assistance for our benefit or to us.
We may utilize your own data to furnish you with any products, administrations, or usefulness you have mentioned; to react to any requests you have made through our client assistance highlights, to send you bulletins, advancements or advertising materials. We will give you the chance to quit getting such materials later on. You may likewise quit accepting such materials whenever as per the guidelines gave in this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information might be utilized by us for regulatory, expository, measurements accumulation, research, streamlining, security and different purposes. In particular, we may utilize your Non-Personal Information to react to client care requests and to ensure against cheating, wrongdoing or misrepresentation or for other security reasons and for giving you promoting that better suits your inclinations. We may gather your Non-Personal data to follow your utilization of our Websites/Apps to assist us with becoming familiar with your gaming exercises and comprehend your inclinations and propensities so we can customize your experience, give you in-game offers and warnings that are custom-made to you, and in any case improve your gaming experience.
We may give accumulated or mysterious data to outsiders for the motivations behind creating and conveying focused on promoting. We won’t share your own data with such outsiders without your assent.
We may utilize data held about you to check your consistence with any terms and conditions that may apply to the utilization of our product, applications or potentially benefits.
The exact data required to be given will differ contingent upon the conditions requiring divulgence of that data.
Any close to home data submitted to us web based, including through the product and additionally benefits, may should be handled by an outsider. By submitting individual data on the web or through the product as well as administrations, you agree to the exposure of that data to an outsider, who might be found abroad, for the sole motivation behind preparing the submitted data.
The following are supplier names of a portion of the outsider investigation and publicizing administrations we use. If you don’t mind see the connections underneath to study the protection strategy of our outsider specialist co-ops.
• Admob
• Unity Ads
• Chartboost
• Google Analytics
• Firebase
• Game Analytics
• AppLovin
• IronSource
• Heyzap
• ConsoliAds
• Facebook Ads
• Flurry
• Adcolony
• Tapjoy
• Chartboost
• InMobi
• Mobvista
• Vungle
Publicizing: By utilizing our Website/Apps, you might be offered promoting content. We or the advertisement systems we use may use promotion serving advances that utilization treats, reference points, following pixels and different advances that are put inside the promotions and permit us or our systems to gather Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information, for example, age and sex might be utilized to guarantee that fitting publicizing is offered to you. Utilization Data and Non-Personal Information, for example, promoting identifiers might be utilized to decide what number of snaps an advertisement got, to quantify the viability of advertisement crusades, to decide the best possible measure of rehash perspectives on a given advertisement, as well as to convey promotions that best identify with your inclinations. Contingent upon your gadget and its working framework, you might have the option to decide to forestall your gadget’s advertisement identifier being utilized for intrigue based promoting or reset your gadget’s promotion identifier by changing the settings of your gadget.
Move of Information Overseas: You explicitly concur that we may move and store your data on servers and hardware situated in any region, including, without impediment, Australia and the United States of America and so forth.
Security: We are focused on guaranteeing that your data is secure. So as to forestall any abuse, robbery, misfortune, adjustment, pulverization, unapproved access or exposure we have set up reasonable physical, electronic and administrative systems to defend and make sure about the data we gather on the web.
Connections to Other Websites/Apps/Games: Our game may contain publicizing and connections to different sites of intrigue. Be that as it may, when you have utilized these connections to leave our webpage, you should take note of that we don’t have any power over that other site. Thusly, we can’t be answerable for the assurance and protection of any data, which you give while visiting such destinations and this security articulation doesn’t administer such locales. You should practice alert and take a gander at the security articulation relevant to the site being referred to.
Kids’ Privacy: (COPPA Complaint): Most of our administrations are carefully not coordinated to kids under 13 and we don’t immediate them to anybody under 13. We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). In the event that a client gets distinguished as a youngster under this endorsed age inside the Services, We won’t gather, store or utilize any data of such client. Chulbul Games likewise doesn’t permit outsider accomplices to get to by and by recognizable information from clients under 13. In the event that Chulbul Games got individual data and found that was given by a youngster younger than 13, We will quickly erase such close to home data in a safe way.
OptOut: We have made a quit choice inside our Apps. You may pick it by visiting Privacy Controls and Selection No from Consent Screen, the Consent Screen is demonstrated when you dispatch the App/Game just because, a while later on the off chance that you wish to transform you can do it from Privacy Controls from inside the application. Quitting will imply that you will in any case be served promotions, however they won’t be custom fitted to your inclinations. Quitting will likewise impact on Analytics and other outsider SDKs utilized. If you don’t mind note you can’t OptOut when you are utilizing our site.
Deletion of Information: Information when not required will be erased by us and we will likewise ensure that data when not required is erased by our outsider Partners. In the event that you wish to erase your data you can send us solicitation to erase your data. We will require some extra data from you to erase your data. Send us your inquiries with respect to erasure of your data and in the event that you have any inquiries at chulbulgames@gmail.com
OUR CONTACT & COMPLAINTS SYSTEM
Chulbul Games has the following contact information:
chulbulgames@gmail.com
We welcome your suggestions and feedback. Furthermore, if you want to complain about the processing of your personal data, you owe the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Chulbul Games
Customize
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
Manage subscriptions
%d
bloggers like this:
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started
search
previous
next
tag
category
expand
menu
location
phone
mail
time
cart
zoom
edit
close