Privacy and data protection | Pocoyo
Home
Videos
Apps
Funny Games
Crafts
Pocoyo Forest
Español - Spanish
Italiano - Italian
Português - Portuguese
Türkçe - Turkish
Русский - Russian
Privacy Policy
Last amendment: May 24, 2021
1. Who will process your personal data?
Holder: ZINKIA ENTERTAINMENT, S.A.
Registered office: Calle José Picón, 31 - 28028 Madrid, Spain
Tax identification number: A82659061
Public registry: Commerce Registry of Madrid, Tomo 15359, Folio 224, Sección 8, Hoja Número M-257615, Inscripción 23ª
Telephone: (+34) 915 240 365
E-mail: protecciondatos@zinkia.com
ZINKIA ENTERTAINMENT, S.A. (hereinafter, “ZINKIA”) is compromised with the respect of the privacy of its users along with the protection and security of their personal data. Therefore, ZINKIA informs the user about the way it collects, processes and protects the personal data that the users submit through its online platforms or the web site www.pocoyo.com (hereinafter, the “Web Site”).
The user must read carefully this privacy policy which has been written plainly and simply to facilitate the understanding thereof so that the user may determine freely and voluntarily whether he or she wishes to submit his or her personal data to ZINKIA.
Additionally, the user guarantees that the submitted data are truthful, accurate, full and kept up to date, and that he or she shall be responsible for any damage, whether direct or indirect, that may derive from a violation of such compromise. In the event that the delivered data belonged to a third party, the user guarantees that he or she has informed to said third party of the aspects contained in this document and has obtained his or her authorisation to submit his or her personal data to ZINKIA for the indicated purposes.
With respect to the under-sixteen years old, in no event shall ZINKIA permit them to directly submit any personal data. Instead, ZINKIA shall address their parents or legal guardians directly and may request confirmation by e-mail that the data have been indeed provided by adults. Nonetheless, ZINKIA may also request at any moment the written consent of parents or legal guardians to verify their knowledge and authorisation to the access of the children to the Web Site.
Moreover, ZINKIA also guarantees that this information shall not be processed for purposes other than the ones indicated in the data collection form. ZINKIA shall bear in mind the age, understanding capacity, consciousness and maturity of the under-sixteen and shall never request any information concerning the economic circumstances or personal data of their family.
Furthermore, ZINKIA shall facilitate parents and legal guardian the exercise of their legal rights, specified in section seven hereof and forewarns the under-sixteen users about the convenience of consulting to their parents or legal guardians before using the services of ZINKIA.
2. For what purposes do we process your data?
The collecting of your personal data is performed solely and exclusively by means of the forms made available in the Web Site and the e-mails that our clients may remit to ZINKIA in order to request our services, exercise their rights or raise any query.
ZINKIA shall process he personal data of the user for the following specific purposes:
To sign up as user of the offered services
To permit the contracting of the offered services
To resolve queries, suggestions and claims raised by the users through the channels made available for that purpose (contact form or chat)
To remit our electronic newsletters with offers, promotions, events and updates related to the services offered by ZINKIA or third parties, according to the established in section nine herein
To permit users to post comments in the places of the Web Site made available for that purpose
To create anonymised statistical reports with respect to the habits of access and the activity of the users of the Web Site, pursuant our cookies policy
To comply with legal obligations
3. Mandatory nature of the requested data
The data requested by ZINKIA in the forms located in the Web Site shall be necessary to comply with the contractually or legally established purpose, save indication on the contrary.
Therefore, if the user does not submit such data, ZINKIA will not be able to accept and manage the web service or the raised query.
4. On what grounds are we legitimated to process?
The legal ground for the processing of your data is your express consent, as data subject, for the foresaid purposes.
5. With whom do we share your data?
Save indication on the contrary, ZINKIA does not transfer personal data to third parties. Nevertheless, where required by an agreement enforceable between the parties or by the law, ZINKIA may be obliged to communicate personal data to third parties such as Courts or Tribunals.
Likewise, personal data may be shared with suppliers who render their services to ZINKIA. In this respect, ZINKIA guarantees that these suppliers shall always comply with the applicable legislation and that in no event shall ZINKIA process the personal data for purposes other than the ones indicated pursuant this Privacy Policy.
In the event you wish to purchase the products offered through the Website, it is possible that the User's browsing data must be communicated to the third party managers of the websites responsible for the commercialization. Said communication will be necessary for the provision of the services required by the User. Any data that is provided directly to the third party will not be the responsibility of Zinkia; in this sense, the User must consult the Privacy Policy of the third party.
6. What are your rights as data subject?
The user may, at any time and free of charge, exercise his or her rights to access, to rectification, to erasure, to restriction, to data portability and to object by raising request to the postal or the e-mail addresses above-indicated in the terms established by the current legislation.
At all events, hereby the user becomes informed that where he or she considers that ZINKIA has violated or may have violated the rights granted by the applicable legislation on data protection, he or she may file a claim before the Spanish supervisory authority (Agencia Española de Protección de datos).
7. Withdrawal of consent
Where the processing is based in your consent and does not affect to the data necessary to perform a contract between ZINKIA and the data subject, the consent of the user to the processing of his or her data shall always be reversible, without retroactive effects. In order to withdraw said consent the users may address ZINKIA by means of the channels above-mentioned.
8. Deadline for the storage of your data
ZINKIA shall store the personal data of the users for as long as it is deemed necessary to accomplish the purposes for which they were collected. In those cases where the remittance of commercial information has been consented, ZINKIA shall process the personal data until the data subject withdraws his or her consent or objects to the processing.
9. Commercial and promotional communications
One of the purposes for which ZINKIA processes the personal data of the users is the remittance of electronic communications containing information related to offers, promotions, events and/or updates that may be relevant for the users.
These communications shall always address solely and exclusively to those users who have previously and expressly authorised the reception thereof whether in the moment of signing up or at a later time.
Furthermore, in those cases where express and individual consent has been given, ZINKIA may send you commercial communications with information regarding offers and promotions related to third parties' products/services aimed at children.
In conformity with the Spanish Law 34/2002, of July 11 (Ley de servicios de la Sociedad de la Información y del Comercio Electrónico), if the user wishes to stop receiving commercial or promotional communications, he or she may request the cease of such communications by clicking on the links available for this purpose within the communication itself or by sending a written request to the e-mail address protecciondedatos@zinkia.com or to the registered address mentioned above.
10. Changes in the Data Protection and Security Policy
ZINKIA reserves the right to arbitrarily modify its data protection and security data at any time and without prior notice, always under the Spanish current and applicable legislation on personal data protection.
Pocoyo on Facebook
Pocoyo on Twitter
Pocoyo on Google
Pocoyo Youtube Channel
Pocoyo on Pinterest
Subsidized by Ministerio de Educación, Cultura y DeportePocoyo™ series, logo and characters ® & © 2003 Zinkia Entertainment, S.A. The original soundtrack belongs to Zinkia Entertainment, S.A.All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
|
Term of Use
|
Cookies Policy
|
Contact
|
Términos y condiciones venta Bosque Pocoyó.
Last privacy policy and term of use up-date 25/05/2018
We use our own cookies as well as third-party cookies in order to enhance your experience in our website and in order to provide you with advertising based in your preferences and navigation habits.
If you continue navegating in our website, we understand that you consent the use of cookies. You can modify the settings or obtain more information
here
Cookies Settings
I accept the use of cookies