Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Ocean Dr Apps ("Ocean Dr Apps" or "we") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you"). This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
Third Party Services
In our free apps we use Google AdMob advertising service. AdMob's privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/admob/
On our website we use Google Analytics to gather traffic information. This may include storing cookies with your web browser. Google Analytics privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/analytics/
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the email below.
denise22mag6@gmail.com
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse