Privacy Policy
Everything We Do Is Striving For Your Best Experience.
Introduction of this privacy policy
This Privacy Policy was executed by and between Pleasure City as the “Data Controller” and you. When you use our products and services, including websites or mobile apps, we will process certain personal data relating to you.  ‘Process’ or ‘processing’ as used in this Privacy Notice includes any operation performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, like collection, storage, organization, retrieval, updating, amending, deletion, consultation, use, sharing or making available internally or to others.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will attempt to alert you to any changes by updating this Privacy Policy with a "last updated" date. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. If you continue to use the Application after the date of the revised Privacy Policy, you will be deemed to have understood, be subject to, and be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy.
Types of Data collected
We are able to collect information about you in a number of ways. The information we may collect through applications depends on what you use, including：
1.Personal Account Information (Social Media Information):
You may choose to create an account with us using your Facebook or Google account credentials. When you sign in with your Facebook or Google account, you authorize Facebook or Google to provide us with your personal information, such as your name, avatar, email address, language preference, and other information listed in the authorization.
2.Device Information:
When you use our applications, we may collect information about your device, such as the type of device you are using, operating system, application version, your device ID, ad ID, language, time zone, and IP address.
3.Usage Data:
When you use our applications, we may automatically collect information about how you interact with the services and your activities, such as crash data, location data, in-app purchases, and other data.
4.Information we receive from third parties:
We may receive information about you from our third-party service providers who collect this information through our Services in accordance with their own privacy policies. A list of the third parties operating on our Services can be found in Appendix B below.
5.Additional Information:
We may ask you for contact information (e-mail) when you need to request information about our games, request technical support, or contact us in any way. We will process your contact information for the purpose of fulfilling your request and communicating with you. (When you share your reviews and opinions about our games, you may share data containing your personal data. The content of user reviews consists entirely of data that you voluntarily provide. We process the personal data you share to solve the problems you encounter and to fulfill your requests.)
6.Cookies and similar technologies:
We and our third-party ad networks and their partners use cookies and other similar technologies. We will process this information to enhance your experience and improve the experience of all our users. See also Appendix A for information about cookies and the cookie policy and cookie consent on the relevant website.
We will process such information.
Provide our services
Enhance your experience of using our services
Provide you with personalized service
Safeguarding and protecting our services
Prevent fraudulent or potentially illegal activity
Provide technical support
Provide responses to player inquiries
Promoting our services
Notify players of game updates, new products and promotions
Sending you push notifications
You can turn off notifications in your phone settings
Providing personalized ads
Our goal is to use third-party ad networks to deliver personalized ads on our service. However, if you are in the European Economic Area, Norway or Switzerland, some of our third-party ad networks will rely on your consent to process personal data in order to deliver personalized ads to you, so you will be asked if you agree to the collection of your mobile device ad identifier and IP address so that they can deliver a personalized ad experience.
To respond to legal process and other obligations or requests under applicable law.
Your rights and choices regarding your personal information
You have the right to change your data, delete your data, object and/or restrict how we use or share your data. You also have the right to withdraw consent if you have previously consented to the processing of your personal information, for example by turning off location sharing in your mobile device settings. This will not affect any data that was processed prior to the withdrawal.
You have the right to opt out of targeted advertising. In order to provide you with better customized advertising in the game, we use third party ad networks and their partners, including those listed in Appendix A. As such, they use personal and non-personal information, such as ad identifiers, such as Android ad IDs and/or other tracking technologies to enable and optimize this advertising program.
You can opt out of the personalized ad experience in the following ways.
On Android devices.
1. opening Settings
2. Select Google
3. Select Ads and enable "Opt out of ad personalization"
By opting out, ad networks will consider this choice as a withdrawal of consent to personalize the ad experience and they will show ads based on your interests instead of personalized ads.
                    Note: Regardless of your choice and/or your device settings, you will continue to see non-customized ads and you may continue to receive personalized ads from our third-party ad networks that have your consent on other applications and/or websites. For more information, see "Appendix A - Ad Networks and Their Partners" below.
Any request to exercise your rights should be made by contacting orangplayer@tggamesstudio.com by email. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be processed as soon as possible. For unresolved complaints, you may also contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area.
Security Problem
We implement industry standard security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please note, however, that there is no guarantee that data transmission over the Internet will be 100% secure.
Therefore, we cannot fully guarantee or protect the security of any information you transmit on or through the Services, and you do so at your own risk.
Transfer of Your Information
If you choose to use the Service or provide us with your information, your information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or databases located outside of your country or jurisdiction (including the United States). The laws of such countries may be less protective than those of the country in which you reside. If you do not wish to have your information processed or maintained outside of your country or jurisdiction, you should not use the Site or Services.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Our Privacy Policy may contain links to other third-party websites that are not operated by us. If you click on such a link, you will be directed to that third party's website. Please try to review the Privacy Policy before visiting. We do not control any of the content on such sites.
We may also use analytics services provided by third parties, including Google Analytics, which may use cookies to collect information about your online activities on this and other websites for non-advertising purposes. To learn more about how Google Analytics collects and processes data and the options Google may offer to control these activities, you can visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Policy Regarding Children
Most of our games are not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should not use these games at any time. If you have reason to believe that we may have accidentally received information from a child under the age of thirteen (13), please contact us immediately at
orangplayer@tggamesstudio.com
.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the additional rights listed here. To exercise these rights, see the “Exercising Your California Privacy Rights” subsection below.
Social sharing features
You have the right to know and see what information we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including:
-The categories of information we have collected about you;
-The categories of sources from which the information is collected;
-The business or commercial purpose for collecting your information;
-The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your information; and
-The specific pieces of information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete the information we have collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same). There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:
-Complete your transaction;
-Provide you a good or service;
-Perform a contract between us and you;
-Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
-Fix our system in the case of a bug;
-Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
-Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
-Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
-Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Right to Opt-out
You have the right to “opt-out,” or direct us to stop “selling” or otherwise sharing your information with third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. To submit an opt-out request, please follow the instruction under the ‘Opt-out of targeted advertising’ paragraph found above, to configure the Privacy Setting in any of our app or by checking your device privacy settings.
Disclosure of Your Information
1. If you violate laws and regulations (such as sending harassment messages), we will legally disclose your personal information.
2. Your payment information may be shared with third parties as needed for billing purposes and to prevent fraud.
Retention
1. Personal data shall be processed and stored as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
· Personal data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between us and you shall be retained until such contact has been fully performed.
· Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Company’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Company within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Company.
2. The company may be allowed to retain personal data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Company may be obligated to retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
3. Once the retention period expires, personal data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
For Individuals in European Economic Area, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom
1. This section only applies to individuals that access or use our Service while located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and/or United Kingdom (collectively, the “Designated Countries”) at the time of data collection. We may ask you to identify which country you are located in when you use some of the Services, or we may rely on your IP address to identify which country you are located in.
2. We act as a data controller with regard to any personal information collected from individuals accessing or using its Service. A “data controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties that act as our service providers or are otherwise acting on our behalf are “data processors” that handle your personal information in accordance with our instructions.
3. Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information. We describe our legal bases for processing throughout this Policy. Below is a list of the purposes described in our policy with the corresponding legal bases for processing:
· Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes;
· provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
· processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
· processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
· processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, we will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
4. Your Individual Rights. We provide you with the rights described below when you use our Service. If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us at
orangplayer@tggamesstudio.com
.Please note, we may seek to verify your identity when we receive an individual rights request from you in order to ensure the security of your personal information.
· Right to Withdraw Your Consent. If we ever asked for your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. A withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third parties based on consent before your withdrawal.
· Right of Access. Upon your request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information in our files without undue delay and free of charge, unless we permitted by law to charge a fee. Your access may be limited to the extent it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other individuals.
· Right to Rectification (or “Correction”). You may request to correct or update any of your personal information in our files. We may provide you with the ability to update some or all of your personal information directly via the Services.
· Right to Erasure (or the “Right to be Forgotten”). Upon your request, we will erase any of your personal information in our files that: is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; was collected in relation to processing that you previously consented to, but later withdrew such consent; or was collected in relation to processing activities to which you object, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.
· Right to Restriction. You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal information under certain conditions. During the time which restriction of processing applies, we will only process your restricted personal information with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest. We will inform you if or when the restriction is lifted.
· Right to Object. You may object to our processing at any time and as permitted by applicable law if we process your personal information on the legal bases of: consent; contract; or legitimate interests. We may continue to process your personal information if it is necessary for the defense of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
· Right to Data Portability. If we process your personal information based on a contract with you or based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your personal information directly to another “controller,” where technically feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others. You right to data portability only applies to personal information provided by you to us.
· Notification to Third Parties. When we fulfill your individual rights requests for correct (or rectification), erasure or restriction of processing, we will notify third parties also handling the relevant personal information unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.
· Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling. You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing of your personal information, including profiling, which produces legal or similarly significant effects on you, unless an exception applies under applicable law.
· Limitations to Individual Rights Requests. We may limit your individual rights requests in the following ways:
i. Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
ii. When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
iii. To protect our rights and properties; and
iv. Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
· Transfer of Your Personal Information. We transfer your personal information subject to appropriate safeguards as permitted under the applicable data protection laws. Specifically, when your personal information is transferred out of the Designated Countries, we have the required contractual provisions for transferring personal information in place with the third-parties to which your information is transferred. For such transfers, we rely on legal transfer mechanisms such as Standard Contractual Clauses or we work with U.S. based third parties that are certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
· Right to Lodge Complaints. If you believe that we have infringed or violated your privacy rights under applicable law or this Policy, please contact us at
orangplayer@tggamesstudio.com
.so that we can work with you to resolve your concerns. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of alleged infringement.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at
orangplayer@tggamesstudio.com
.
APPENDIX A - Advertising networks and their partners:
Facebook Audience Network
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google AdMob and their partners
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Digitalturbine
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
PubNative
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
Smaato and their vendors
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
InMobi
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
IronSource
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
Unity Ads
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Chartboost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Pangle
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
APPENDIX B - Analytics and other service providers:
Our app integrates SDKs from several analytical service providers for app optimization purpose. These third-party SDKs may also collect your information such as GAID (Google Advertising ID on Android devices) or IDFA (Identifier for Advertising on iOS devices), region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address. This Policy does not govern our third-party analytical tools. You can find their privacy policy on their websites. You will find a list of our partners implementing analytical SDKs through our applications hereafter。
Adjust
Adjust is analytics service provided by Adjust GmbH (Germany)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.adjust.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook Ads conversion
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc. (US) that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on the Services.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. (US)
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Last Updated: Sep 2, 2022