KyWorks - Mobile Games for iOS and Android
KyWorks.com
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is applicable to our website KyWorks.com and to all games offered by KyWorks (together: "SERVICES").
SERVICES use advertising and/or in-app payments to make revenue. SERVICES use third party libraries for advertising which may collect and share non-personal information with third parties.
By accessing, installing and using the SERVICES, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access, install or use the SERVICES.
KyWorks reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. KyWorks will also revise the "Last Update" date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL DATA
KyWorks does not collect any personal data apart from information you volunteer, for example by contacting KyWorks support by e-mail. KyWorks will never disclose your personal data to third parties.
NON-PERSONAL DATA
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "non-personal data" means information that does not directly identify you.
KyWorks may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Kyworks to identify you. The types of non-personal data KyWorks may collect and use include, but are not limited to: operating system version; device properties; geographical data such as country and location; the time and date of your use of the SERVICE; other non-personal data as reasonably required by KyWorks to enhance KyWorks products and services.
KyWorks may use and disclose to KyWorks's partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the SERVICES and advertisement serving.
COOKIES
Cookies are small files that a website transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the website to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
KyWorks uses cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that KyWorks can offer better site experiences in the future. KyWorks may contract with third-party service providers to assist in better understanding site visitors. These service providers may use the information collected on behalf of KyWorks for the sole purpose of helping KyWorks conduct and improve the SERVICES.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
SERVICES do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
LINKS
SERVICES may contain links to other websites and services. KyWorks is not responsible for the privacy policy or the content of such websites and services.
Last Update: December 23, 2019
Copyright © 2012-2023 KyWorks.
Do you have any questions? Write us!