Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
GAMENOW TECHNOLOGY LIMITED
Privacy Policy of MU ORIGIN 2
Effective date:
December 04, 2018
GAMENOW TECHNOLOGY LIMITED ("us", "we", or "our") operates the MU ORIGIN 2 mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Phone number
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data ("Usage Data").
Use of Data
GAMENOW TECHNOLOGY LIMITED uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
GAMENOW TECHNOLOGY LIMITED will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Legal Requirements
GAMENOW TECHNOLOGY LIMITED may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of GAMENOW TECHNOLOGY LIMITED
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Discontinuation & Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to request that we stop processing your personal data and/or delete the information that we hold about you by contacting us via email (gamenow.gm@gmail.com). If you request the deletion or erasure of personal information (hereinafter referred to as Discontinuation) because the information allegedly was handled in a manner exceeding the purpose of collection, or was acquired by deceit or other unlawful means, GAMENOW shall, upon confirming that the person making the request is the identified individual, conduct any necessary investigation without delay and, based on its results, perform Discontinuation free of charge as far as this is possible for GAMENOW and notify you. However, we may retain a copy of your personal data where we are required or permitted to so by law.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: gamenow.gm@gmail.com