mocelet creations: Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Last update: April 27th, 2022
. This is a translation of the
original document written in Spanish
which prevails in case of discrepancies.
This document regulates the use of
mocelet.com
Website and
related apps and games
(from now on the Apps or Services) available at different application stores by developer Alberto Hernández (from now on the Provider), freelance developer resident in Madrid (Spain), e-mail address alberto [at] mocelet.com and physical address for notification purposes
Apdo. de Correos 72013, 28080 Madrid (SPAIN)
Correct use of service and good faith
The User is required to
exercise common sense and good faith
when interacting with the provided services. More specifically, for multiplayer online games the User will not impede a good gaming experience for other users on purpose.
Although the apps limit direct player to player interactions (there is no chat and users play using pseudonyms), any offensive alias or username will result in a ban from the online service among other measures.
Ads and cookies
Both the Apps and the Website may contain ads and cookies provided by Google Adsense, regulated by the
Google Ads Policy
. The User may modify ads preferences at
Google Ads settings
. The only ads provider allowed is Google so no data is shared to other providers.
The Apps do not use private data such as location or demographic information to serve ads, however they may use the anonymous advertising ID provided by the platform, that is the Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) in iPhone and iPad and the Google Advertising ID (AAID) in Android devices.
The Apps honor user preference about personalized ads that can be changed at any time in the device's settings. Usually
Settings - Privacy
for iPhone and iPad and
Google Settings - Ads
for Android devices.
Personal data gathering
Apps with ads use the aforementioned advertising ID and don't collect or share any other data like localization or demographic data for advertising purposes.
Apps without ads and no online game don't use or share any personal data, they don't include tracking systems either.
Apps with the option to pay to unlock Premium features use the platform's billing service, like Google Play in Android systems, so the Apps do not handle personal payment details.
It is not necessary to provide personal identification data to enjoy the Apps. For multiplayer games a random username is provided to track progress.
Optionally, the User may register a user account
with a custom username, email and account password to access value-added features such as keeping the same username in several devices. Email address in this case is used just for account-management purposes such as restoring a lost password.
The User may modify or cancel the account, either through the Apps or contacting the Provider to the email or postal address stated at the beginning of this document.
The Provider does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties the User’s personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist in operating the Services, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
The Provider may also release User information when the release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce the application policies, or protect the Provider’s or others rights, property, or safety.
Data security
Sensible data such as email and account password, if provided, are transported and stored
following best practices
.
Sensible data is always sent through a secured HTTPS connection.
Password is never stored in its clear form but following a multi-step process of
hashing
and
salting
.
Term
The Provider may retain the Information for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide the Services, even after the User has discontinued or deleted any account, or after the end of the provision of the Services, if retention of such Information is reasonably necessary to comply with legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes between users, prevent fraud, or any other use.
Data transfer
In the event that the Provider is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The undertakings in this Privacy Policy shall apply to the Information as transferred to the new entity.
Disputes and Jurisdiction
If you seek to file a legal claim against the Provider,
you agree to file and resolve it exclusively in a court located in Madrid, Spain
. You also agree that the laws of the Spanish State and, to the extent applicable, the laws of the European Union will govern these Terms of Use, as well as any legal claim that might arise between you and the Provider (without reference to conflict of laws principles). You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, the courts located in Madrid, Spain, in any legal action or proceeding relating to the Provider or these Terms of Use.
Enviar por correo electrónico
Escribe un blog
Compartir con Twitter
Compartir con Facebook
Compartir en Pinterest
Inicio
Suscribirse a:
Entradas (Atom)
Contact & support
Apps support
Soporte de apps
Apps
Four in a Row for Android
Cuatro en Raya para Android
About the author
Alberto Hernández
PhD in Telematic Systems, freelance developer
Ver todo mi perfil
© Alberto Hernández. Tema Fantástico, S.A.. Con la tecnología de
Blogger
.