Privacy Policy - Seven Gears Games
Saltar al contenido
Home
Games
Contact
Alternar la navegación
Alternar la navegación
Home
Games
Contact
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
At SevenGears Games we love making fun and entertaining games available on mobile devices. SevenGears Games respects the privacy concerns of all users of its Games, Websites and related Services. SevenGears Games does not target its Games, Websites and related Services to users under the age of 13.
By using our Games, websites and related Services you agree to observe and be bound by this Privacy Policy and you consent to the processing, collection, use and disclosure of your information and data in accordance with its terms. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Games, websites and related Services.
Throughout our Games, Websites and related Services, we may collect ‘non-personal data’. This is data which does not identify you directly, but may be ‘aggregated’ with other data to help us improve our Games, websites and related Services and otherwise in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to phone state, external storage, network, wifi state and Android Advertising Identifier. The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected by we in any way
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Google Play Services
App Store Privacy
AdMob
Facebook
Unity
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Advertising
You may opt out of interest-based / personalized advertising by following the instructions below:
Apple devices:
https://support.apple.com/kb/HT202074
Android devices:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
We does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us. By using our Games, Websites and related Services, you represent that you are at age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed our Games, Websites and related Services and agreed to use these.
All of our games are made for people who are at least 13 years of age.
Policy Updates
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Complaints
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy at the address below.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@sevengearsgames.com
We create fun car games for mobile.
Contact
info@sevengearsgames.com
Important links
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
SevenGears Games™ - All Rights Reserved
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
Do not sell my personal information
Cookie settings
ACCEPT
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Cerrar
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Cookie Policy
Necessary
Necessary
Siempre activado
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Functional
Functional
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance
Performance
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytics
Analytics
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Others
Others
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
GUARDAR Y ACEPTAR