Privacy policy - Bliss Games
Home
About us
Games
Jobs
Contact us
Home
About us
Games
Jobs
Contact us
Privacy policy - Bliss Games
12748
privacy-policy,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,page,page-id-12748,mkd-core-2.0,ajax_updown_fade,page_not_loaded,,burst child-child-ver-1.0.1,burst-ver-3.1, vertical_menu_with_scroll,smooth_scroll,transparent_content,blog_installed,enable_full_screen_sections_on_small_screens,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-6.6.0,vc_responsive
Privacy policy
Bliss Games
/
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy of
www.Blissgames.com
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
This document contains
a section de
dicated to Californian consumers and their privacy rights
.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
Policy summary
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
Google Analytics
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter
Personal Data: email address
Contact form
Personal Data: email address; first name; last name
Content commenting
Comment system managed directly
Personal Data: email address; first name; website
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Bliss Games S.L. Diputacio 109 3-2,08015 Barcelona
Owner contact email:
privacy@Blissgames.com
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
Bliss Games S.L. Diputacio 109 3-2,08015 Barcelona
Owner contact email: privacy@Blissgames.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies; Usage Data; email address; first name; last name; website.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User’s location, data transfers may involve transferring the User’s Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Analytics, Contacting the User and Content commenting.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: Ireland –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of personal data collected according to CCPA: internet information.
This processing constitutes a sale based on the definition under the CCPA. In addition to the information in this clause, the User can find information regarding how to opt out of the sale in the section detailing the rights of Californian consumers.
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter (this Application)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Application. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Application or after making a purchase.
Personal Data processed: email address.
Category of personal data collected according to CCPA: identifiers.
Contact form (this Application)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; last name.
Category of personal data collected according to CCPA: identifiers.
Content commenting
Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of this Application.
Depending on the settings chosen by the Owner, Users may also leave anonymous comments. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Users are responsible for the content of their own comments.
If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when Users do not use the content commenting service.
Comment system managed directly (this Application)
This Application has its own internal content comment system.
Personal Data processed: email address; first name; website.
Category of personal data collected according to CCPA: identifiers; internet information.
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User’s consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Cookie Policy
This Application uses Trackers. To learn more, the User may consult the
Cookie
Policy
.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or – as far as technically and legally feasible – sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Information for Californian consumers
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
The provisions contained in this section apply to all Users who are consumers residing in the state of California, United States of America, according to “The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018” (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), and, for such consumers, these provisions supersede any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
Categories of personal information collected, disclosed or sold
In this section we summarize the categories of personal information that we’ve collected, disclosed or sold and the purposes thereof.
You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document.
Information we collect: the categories of personal information we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information about you: identifiers and internet information.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information without notifying you.
How we collect information: what are the sources of the personal information we collect?
We collect the above mentioned categories of personal information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use this Application.
For example, you directly provide your personal information when you submit requests via any forms on this Application. You also provide personal information indirectly when you navigate this Application, as personal information about you is automatically observed and collected. Finally, we may collect your personal information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioning of this Application and features thereof.
How we use the information we collect: sharing and disclosing of your personal information with third parties for a business purpose
We may disclose the personal information we collect about you to a third party for business purposes. In this case, we enter a written agreement with such third party that requires the recipient to both keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose(s) other than those necessary for the performance of the agreement.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties when you explicitly ask or authorize us to do so, in order to provide you with our Service.
To find out more about the purposes of processing, please refer to the relevant section of this document.
Sale of your personal information
For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to
another business or a third party, for monetary or other valuable consideration
”.
This means that, for example, a sale can happen whenever an application runs ads, or makes statistical analyses on the traffic or views, or simply because it uses tools such as social network plugins and the like.
Your right to opt out of the sale of personal information
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data, we will abide by your request.
Such requests can be made freely, at any time, without submitting any verifiable request, simply by following the instructions below.
Instructions to opt out of the sale of personal information
If you’d like to know more, or exercise your right to opt out in regard to all the sales carried out by this Application, both online and offline, you can contact us for further information using the contact details provided in this document.
What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational functioning of this Application and features thereof (“business purposes”). In such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We will not use your personal information for different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without notifying you.
Your California privacy rights and how to exercise them
The right to know and to portability
You have the right to request that we disclose to you:
the categories and sources of the personal information that we collect about you, the purposes for which we use your information and with whom such information is shared;
in case of sale of personal information or disclosure for a business purpose, two separate lists where we disclose:
for sales, the personal information categories purchased by each category of recipient; and
for disclosures for a business purpose, the personal information categories obtained by each category of recipient.
The disclosure described above will be limited to the personal information collected or used over the past 12 months.
If we deliver our response electronically, the information enclosed will be “portable”, i.e. delivered in an easily usable format to enable you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance – provided that this is technically feasible.
The right to request the deletion of your personal information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information, subject to exceptions set forth by the law (such as, including but not limited to, where the information is used to identify and repair errors on this Application, to detect security incidents and protect against fraudulent or illegal activities, to exercise certain rights etc.).
If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right, we will delete your personal information and direct any of our service providers to do so.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by contacting us via the details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you are. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative;
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the personal information in our possession actually relates to you.
If you cannot personally submit a verifiable request, you can authorize a person registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf.
If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a minor under your parental authority.
You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12 months.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within 10 days and provide information about how we will process your request.
We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request.
Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12 month period.
Should we deny your request, we will explain you the reasons behind our denial.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind it.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User’s browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology – e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting – that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Cookie Policy of www.blissgames.com
This document informs Users about the technologies that help this Application to achieve the purposes described below. Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with this Application.
For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as “Trackers” within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate.
For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker. For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker.
Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User’s consent. Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
This Application uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers). Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them.
The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider. Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session.
In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information – such as the presence of other Trackers – in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner.
To find more information dedicated to Californian consumers and their privacy rights, Users may
read the privacy policy
.
Activities strictly necessary for the operation of this Application and delivery of the Service
This Application uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service.
Other activities involving the use of Trackers
Measurement
This Application uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service.
Analytics
How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent
There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant:
Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers.
Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available.
It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent.
Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history.
With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party’s privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Locating Tracker Settings
Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Brave
Opera
Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings, view and look for the relevant setting).
Advertising industry specific opt-outs
Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by
YourOnlineChoices
(EU), the
Network Advertising Initiative
(US) and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(US),
DAAC
(Canada),
DDAI
(Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called
AppChoices
that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Owner and Data Controller
Bliss Games S.L. Diputacio 109 3-2,08015 Barcelona
Owner contact email: privacy@Blissgames.com
Since the use of third-party Trackers through this Application cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by this Application.
Facebook
·
Linkedin
·
Contact
Terms of Service
·
Copyright policy
·
Privacy policy
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
In times of crisis only creativity is more important than intelligence.
Copyright 2019  ©Blissgames.com | All Rights Reserved