The Terms of Service
govern your use of OneGame Services, and contain important information about
your rights and responsibilities. OneGame uses your personal information to
provide and develop OneGame’s products, mobile applications according to the
privacy policy.
Terms of Service ("TOS")
Effective Date: June 14, 2019.
Welcome.
These terms of service (“TOS”) apply to you
and OneGame Studio ("OneGame”) regarding your use of OneGame´s games,
websites, discussion forums and related services ("Services"). Use of
the Services is also governed by OneGame´s Privacy Notice available at
http://www.onegame.mobi/privacy
.htm
, which is
incorporated by reference.
As a precondition for using the Services, you
must agree to these TOS. If you accept these TOS, you represent that you are
age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17 or otherwise do not
have the authority to enter into agreements such as these TOS, you represent
that your legal guardian, or a holder of parental responsibility, has reviewed
and agreed to these TOS.
By using or otherwise accessing the Services,
you agree to these TOS. If you do not agree to these TOS, you may not use or
otherwise access the Services.
Unless otherwise specified by a component of
an applicable Service, the Services are free to use or download but may contain
features that may allow you to make purchases within the Services.
If you access the Services from a social
networking site ("SNS"), such as Facebook, you agree to comply with
its terms of service as well as these TOS.
OneGame may issue additional policies related
to specific components of the Services (including, but not limited to, forums,
contests, sweepstakes or loyalty programs). Your right to use the Services is
subject to such relevant policies and these TOS.
1. Right to Use the Services
Subject to these TOS, OneGame hereby grants
you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited right and
license to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use. The rights
granted to you are subject to your compliance with these TOS.
Except as previously set forth, you do not
receive any other license. OneGame retains all right, title and interest in and
to the Services, including, but not limited to, all copyrights, trademarks,
trade secrets, trade names, proprietary rights, patents, titles, computer
codes, audiovisual effects, themes, characters, character names, stories,
dialog, settings, artwork, sound effects, musical works, gameplay recordings made
using the Services, moral rights, whether registered or not and all
applications thereof. Unless expressly authorized by law, the Services may not
be copied, reproduced or distributed in any manner or medium, in whole or in
part, without OneGame’s prior written consent. OneGame reserves all rights not
expressly granted to you herein.
The Services and its contents are licensed,
not sold. You agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that
appears in the Service, including, but not limited to, the Virtual Items or
currency appearing in or originating from the Services, whether earned in the
Services or purchased from OneGame or third parties.
2. Purchases in the Services
OneGame may license to you certain virtual
goods to be used within the Service and which you may purchase with "real
world" money or which you may earn or redeem via gameplay ("Virtual
Items"). Virtual Items are licensed to you on a limited, personal,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable basis and are intended solely
for non-commercial use.
OneGame may manage, control, modify or
eliminate Virtual Items at any time, with or without notice.
The transfer of Virtual Items is prohibited
except where expressly authorized in the Services, as applicable.
Virtual Items do not have an equivalent value
in real world money and are not a substitute for real world money. Neither
OneGame nor any other person or entity has any obligation to exchange Virtual
Items for anything of value. OneGame is not liable for hacking or loss of your
Virtual Items.
Price and availability of Virtual Items are
subject to change without notice.
By law, all purchases and redemptions of
Virtual Items made through the Services are final and non-refundable. You
acknowledge and consent that the provision of Virtual Items for use in the
Services is a process that commences immediately upon purchase and that you
forfeit your right of cancelation once the process has commenced.
Accordingly, you agree that OneGame is not
required to provide a refund for Virtual Items for any reason. You further
acknowledge that you will not receive money or other compensation for unused
Virtual Items, regardless of whether your loss of license under these TOS was
voluntary or involuntary.
If you ask for your personal data to be
deleted as described in OneGame’s Privacy Notice, you will permanently forfeit
all of your Virtual Items without the right to refund, as OneGame will no
longer be able associate such Virtual Items with you.
3. Code of Conduct
You agree that you will not, under any
circumstances:
Use, either directly or
     indirectly, any cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods
     or any unauthorized third-party software designed to modify or interfere
     with the Services.
Use the Services in violation
     of any applicable law or regulation.
Use the Services for commercial
     purposes, including, but not limited to, to advertising, or solicitation,
     or transmission of any commercial advertisements such as spam emails,
     chain letters, pyramid or other get-rich-quick schemes.
Use the Services for fraudulent
     or abusive purposes including, but not limited to, using the Services to
     impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your
     affiliation with a person, entity or the Services;
Disrupt, interfere with or
     otherwise adversely affect the normal flow of the Services or otherwise
     act in a manner that may negatively affect other users' experience when
     using the Services.
Disrupt, overburden, or aid or
     assist in the disruption or overburdening of any computer or servers used
     to offer or support the Services.
Attempt to gain unauthorized
     access to the Services, to accounts registered to others or to the
     computers, servers, or networks connected to the Services by any means
     other than the user interface provided by OneGame, including, but not
     limited to, by circumventing or modifying, attempting to circumvent or
     modify, or encouraging or assisting any other person to circumvent or
     modify, any security, technology, device, encryption, or software that is
     part of the Services.
Post any information, content
     or other material (or post links to any information or content) that
     contains nudity, excessive violence or is abusive, threatening, obscene,
     defamatory, libelous, or racially, sexually, religiously offensive or
     otherwise objectionable.
Engage in ongoing toxic
     behavior, such as repeatedly posting information on an unsolicited basis.
Attempt to, or harass, abuse,
     or harm, or advocate or incite harassment, abuse, or harm of another
     person, group, including OneGame employees, directors, officers, and
     customer service representatives.
Make available through the
     Services any material or information that infringes any copyright,
     trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity, or
     other right of any person or entity, or which impersonates any other
     person, including, but not limited to, a OneGame employee, director or
     officer.
Unless specifically authorized
     by law, attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or hack any of
     the Services, or to defeat or overcome any of the encryption technologies
     or security measures or data transmitted, processed or stored by OneGame,
     or to obtain any information from the Services using any method not
     expressly permitted by OneGame.
Solicit or attempt to solicit
     login information or any other login credentials or personal information
     from other users of the Services.
Harvest, scrape or collect any
     information about or regarding other people that use the Services,
     including, but not limited to, through use of pixel tags, cookies, GIFs or
     similar items that are sometimes also referred to as spyware.
Post anyone's private
     information, including personally identifiable information/personal data
     (whether in text, image or video form), identification documents, or financial
     information through the Services.
Engage in any act that OneGame deems to conflict with
     the spirit or intent of the Services or make improper use of OneGame´s
     support services.
4. Third-Party Services
Services may include links to third-party services
(including, but not limited to, advertisements displayed by third parties)
and/or the third-party services may be made available to you via Services.
These services may include, but are not limited to gameplay recording and
sharing, social media connectivity and advertisements. These services are
subject to respective third party terms and conditions. Please read these
third-party terms and conditions, carefully as they constitute an agreement
between you and the relevant third-party service provider to which OneGame is
not a party.
5. Accounts and Login Information
Certain elements of the Services may enable
you to create an account or otherwise register with the Services (“Account”).
You may be required to select a password for your Account or you may also use
other credentials to access the Account ("Login Information"). You
agree that you will not give your Login Information to anyone else or allow
anyone else to use your Login Information or Account. You are solely
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Login Information, and
you are responsible for all uses thereof, including purchases. OneGame may
assume that anyone logging into your Account using your Login Information is
either you or someone logging in with your permission.
OneGame reserves the right to delete your
Account if OneGame observes no activity by you in relation to the Account for
180 days or more. In such event, you may no longer be able to access and/or use
any Virtual Items associated with that Account and no refund will be offered to
you.
6. User Contributions
The Services may allow you to create content,
including, but not limited to, gameplay maps, characters, screenshots or videos
of your gameplay (collectively “User Contributions”).
In exchange for use of the Services, you
hereby grant OneGame a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable,
fully transferable and sub-licensable worldwide right and license to use your
User Contributions in any way and for any purposes including, but not limited
to, the right to reproduce, copy, adapt, modify, perform, display, publish,
broadcast, transmit, or otherwise communicate to the public by any current or
future means and to distribute your User Contributions without any further
notice or compensation to you of any kind.
Where not expressly prohibited by law, you
hereby waive any moral rights of paternity, publication, reputation, or
attribution with respect to OneGame's and other players' use and enjoyment of
your User Contributions in connection with the Services and related goods and
services under applicable law. This grant of license to OneGame, and the
foregoing waiver of any applicable moral rights, survives any termination of
these TOS.
OneGame, its directors, officers and employees
do not accept or consider unsolicited idea or product submissions of any kind (
e.g
.
game or other product ideas, stories, screenplays, artwork, musical or
audiovisual works, concepts or any other creative materials) in any format, by
means of any transmission (“Unsolicited Content”). Please do not submit any
Unsolicited Content to OneGame or its directors, officers or employees.
However, if you submit Unsolicited Content to us, you agree that such
Unsolicited Content will not be treated as confidential, regardless of what you
otherwise state in your accompanying message. You further agree that such
Unsolicited Content may be used and exploited by OneGame without compensation
to you or any third party and you grant OneGame a perpetual, non-exclusive,
irrevocable, fully paid, royalty free, sub-licensable and transferable (in
whole or in part) worldwide license to use, exploit, reproduce, transmit,
amend, display and exhibit Unsolicited Content in all current or future media
for any purpose and to create derivative works based upon the Unsolicited
Content.
7. Communications between Users of the Services
OneGame assumes no responsibility for the
conduct of other users of the Services and assumes no responsibility for
monitoring the Services for inappropriate content or conduct. OneGame does not,
and cannot, pre-screen or monitor all content or conduct of users. Your use of
the Services is at your own risk.
By using the Services, you may be exposed to
content or conduct that is offensive, indecent or otherwise not in line with
your values. OneGame may utilize technology to monitor and/or record your
interactions with the Services or communications (including, but not limited
to, chat text) when you are using the Services. You irrevocably consent to such
monitoring and recording. Accordingly, you agree that you have no expectation
of privacy concerning the transmission of any content within the Services,
including, but not limited to, chat text or voice communications.
OneGame reserves the right at its sole
discretion to review, monitor, prohibit, edit, delete, disable access to or
otherwise make unavailable any content made available by users of the Service
without notice for any reason or for no reason at any time. If at any time
OneGame chooses, at its sole discretion, to monitor the Services, OneGame
nonetheless assumes no responsibility for content made available by users of
the Services, and OneGame assumes no obligation to modify or remove any
inappropriate content.
8. Suspension and Termination for your Breach
Without limiting any other remedies available
to OneGame, if OneGame believes that you are in breach of these TOS, OneGame
reserves the right to take any of the following actions, whether individually
or in combination, and either with or without notice to you: (i) delete,
suspend and/or modify your Account or parts of your Account; (ii) limit,
suspend and/or terminate your access to the Services; (iii) modify and/or
remove any of your Virtual Items; (iv) reset and/or modify any game progression
or benefits and privileges associated with you, such as any level or score you
have reached in the Services.
9. Availability of the Services
OneGame may limit, suspend or terminate the
Services, or portions thereof, and take technical and legal steps to prevent
users from accessing the Services if OneGame believes they are creating risk or
possible legal liabilities, infringing intellectual property rights of third
parties, or not acting in accordance with the letter or spirit of these TOS.
OneGame reserves the right to stop offering
and/or supporting the Services or a part thereof (
e.g
. a game or a
feature of a game) at any time, at which point your license to use the Services
or a part thereof will be terminated automatically. In such an event, unless
otherwise required by applicable law, OneGame does not have to provide refunds
for Virtual Items or other items in connection with such discontinued Services.
10. Disclaimer
To the fullest extent permissible under
applicable law, the Services are provided to you “AS IS,” without warranty,
assurances or guarantees of any kind. It may have defects, and your use is
solely at your risk. OneGame does not make, and hereby disclaims any and all
express, implied or statutory warranties, including implied warranties of
condition, uninterrupted use, accuracy of data (including, but not limited to,
location data), merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular
purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights, and warranties (if any)
arising in the course of dealing, usage, or trade practices. OneGame does not
warrant against interference with your enjoyment of the Services; that the
Services will meet your requirements; that operation of the Services will be
uninterrupted or error-free; that the Services will interoperate or be
compatible with any other services; or, that any errors in the Services will be
corrected. No oral or written advice provided by OneGame, its employees or
other representatives constitute a warranty.
Some jurisdictions do not allow disclaimers
such as those set forth above; thus, the above terms may not apply to you.
Instead, in such jurisdictions, the foregoing disclaimers shall only apply to
the extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions. Moreover, you may have
additional legal rights in your jurisdiction, and nothing in these TOS shall
infringe upon the statutory rights that you may have as a consumer of the
Services.
11. Limitations of Liability
In no way will OneGame be liable for special,
incidental or consequential damages resulting from access, use or malfunction
of the Services, including but not limited to, damages to property, loss of
goodwill, device failure or malfunction and, to the extent permitted by law,
damages for personal injuries, property damage, lost profits or punitive damages
from any causes of action arising out of or related to these TOS or the
Services, whether arising in tort (including negligence), contract, strict
liability or otherwise and whether or not OneGame has been advised of the
possibility of such damages. For purposes of Article 12 “Limitations of
Liability,” OneGame’s licensors and other partners are third-party
beneficiaries to the limitations of liability specified herein and may enforce
these TOS against you.
In no way will OneGame´s total aggregate liability
arising out of or in connection with these TOS, the Privacy Notice or the
Services exceed the higher of: (i) the actual price (if any) you paid for the
license to use Virtual Items; or (ii) one hundred euros (€100). The exclusions
and limitations of damages are fundamental elements of the basis of the
agreement between OneGame and you.
Some jurisdictions do not allow certain
limitations of liability such as these stated above; thus, the above terms may
not apply to you. Instead, in such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitations of
liability shall apply only to the extent permitted by the laws of such
jurisdictions. Moreover, you may have additional legal rights in your
jurisdiction, and nothing in these TOS will infringe upon any statutory rights
you may have as a consumer of the Services.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold
OneGame (and OneGame´s officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint
ventures and employees) harmless from any claim, demand, damages or other
losses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, asserted by any third-party
resulting from or arising out of your use of the Services, or any breach by you
of these TOS; however, the foregoing does not apply if the third-party claim is
not attributable to your intentional or negligent behavior.
12. Copyright and DMCA
If you believe the Services or any of its
content infringes your copyrights, please send a notice to:
MOBIONE CO.,LTD
,
Floor
4th - C'Land Building - No 81 Le Duc Tho Street - My Dinh 2 Ward - Nam Tu Liem
District - Hanoi City - Vietnam
.
or alternatively
via email to:
[email protected]
. Notices sent to the specified address will
reach OneGame´s registered DMCA agent.
Please include all of the following in your
DMCA notice:
Identify the copyrighted work
     that you claim has been infringed. If your DMCA notice covers multiple
     works, you may provide a representative list of such works.
Identify what you claim is the
     infringing material, including a description of where the material is
     located. Your description must be reasonably sufficient to enable OneGame
     to locate the material.
Provide your full legal name, mailing address,
     telephone number, and (if available) email address.
Include the following statement in the body of
the DMCA notice:
“I have a good-faith belief that the use of
the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. I
represent that the information in this DMCA notice is accurate and, under
penalty of perjury, that I am the owner of the copyright or authorized to act
on the copyright owner’s behalf.”
Please note that under 17 U.S.C. 512(f), if
you knowingly misrepresent that a material or activity is causing infringement,
you may be liable for damages, including the costs and attorneys’ fees incurred
by us or our users. If you are unsure whether the material or activity you are
reporting is causing infringement, you may wish to contact an attorney before
serving a notice to OneGame.
13. Links to Third-party Products and Services
OneGame may link to third-party websites or
services from the Services. You understand that OneGame makes no promises
regarding any content, goods or services provided by such third parties and,
you understand OneGame does not endorse them. OneGame is also not responsible
to you in relation to any losses or harm caused by such third parties. Any
charges you incur in relation to these third parties are your responsibility. You
understand that when you provide data to such third parties you are providing
it in accordance with their privacy policy (if any) and you understand
OneGame´s Privacy Notice does not apply in relation to such data.
14. Governing Law
If you are a resident outside the United
States, you agree that all disputes between you and OneGame shall be governed
by the laws of Vietnam, regardless of conflict of law provisions. You agree
that any claim or dispute you may file against OneGame must be resolved exclusively
by a court located in Hanoi, Vietnam.
If the jurisdiction of your domicile prohibits
OneGame from enforcing the governing law provision, nothing in these TOS limits
your rights based on the laws governing your domicile.
15. Assignment, Severability and Entire Agreement
OneGame may assign these TOS, in whole or in
part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent. You may
not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under these TOS or the Privacy
Notice without OneGame’s prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment
and delegation by you is void.
If any provision of these TOS is held to be
invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these TOS will remain
in full force and effect. OneGame’s failure to enforce any right or provision
of these TOS will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
This TOS and Privacy Notice set out the entire
agreement between you and OneGame regarding the Services and supersede all
earlier agreements and understandings between you and OneGame.
Any failure by OneGame to exercise or enforce
any of its rights under these TOS does not waive its right to enforce such
right. Any waiver of such rights shall only be effective if it is in writing
and signed by an authorized representative of OneGame.
If you have any questions about these TOS,
please contact
[email protected]
.
16. Licensed application end user license
agreement.
a. Scope of License: Licensor grants to you
a nontransferable license to use the Licensed Application on any Apple-branded
products that you own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules. The terms
of this Standard EULA will govern any content, materials, or services
accessible from or purchased within the Licensed Application as well as
upgrades provided by Licensor that replace or supplement the original Licensed
Application, unless such upgrade is accompanied by a Custom EULA. Except as
provided in the Usage Rules, you may not distribute or make the Licensed
Application available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices
at the same time. You may not transfer, redistribute or sublicense the Licensed
Application and, if you sell your Apple Device to a third party, you must
remove the Licensed Application from the Apple Device before doing so. You may
not copy (except as permitted by this license and the Usage Rules),
reverse-engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or
create derivative works of the Licensed Application, any updates, or any part
thereof (except as and only to the extent that any foregoing restriction is
prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the
licensing terms governing use of any open-sourced components included with the
Licensed Application).
b. Consent to Use of Data: You agree that
Licensor may collect and use technical data and related information—including
but not limited to technical information about your device, system and
application software, and peripherals—that is gathered periodically to
facilitate the provision of software updates, product support, and other
services to you (if any) related to the Licensed Application. Licensor may use
this information, as long as it is in a form that does not personally identify
you, to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to you.
c. Termination. This Standard EULA is
effective until terminated by you or Licensor. Your rights under this Standard
EULA will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any of its
terms.
d.
External Services. The Licensed Application may enable access to Licensor’s
and/or third-party services and websites (collectively and individually,
"External Services"). You agree to use the External Services at your
sole risk. Licensor is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content
or accuracy of any third-party External Services, and shall not be liable for
any such third-party External Services. Data displayed by any Licensed
Application or External Service, including but not limited to financial,
medical and location information, is for general informational purposes only
and is not guaranteed by Licensor or its agents. You will not use the External
Services in any manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this Standard
EULA or that infringes the intellectual property rights of Licensor or any
third party. You agree not to use the External Services to harass, abuse,
stalk, threaten or defame any person or entity, and that Licensor is not
responsible for any such use. External Services may not be available in all
languages or in your Home Country, and may not be appropriate or available for
use in any particular location. To the extent you choose to use such External
Services, you are solely responsible for compliance with any applicable laws.
Licensor reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, disable or impose
access restrictions or limits on any External Services at any time without
notice or liability to you.
e. NO WARRANTY: YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE
AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY
SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED APPLICATION ARE PROVIDED
"AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE,” WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND, AND LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH
RESPECT TO THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED,
OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR
CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND OF NONINFRINGEMENT OF
THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY LICENSOR
OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SHOULD THE LICENSED
APPLICATION OR SERVICES PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL
NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS
OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
f. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT
NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY
OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED APPLICATION,
HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR
OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR
PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION
MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. In no event shall Licensor’s total liability to you for
all damages (other than as may be required by applicable law in cases involving
personal injury) exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($50.00). The foregoing
limitations will apply even if the above stated remedy fails of its essential
purpose.
g. You may not use or otherwise export or
re-export the Licensed Application except as authorized by United States law
and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Application was
obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Licensed Application may
not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S.-embargoed countries or (b) to
anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals List or
the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Persons List or Entity List. By using
the Licensed Application, you represent and warrant that you are not located in
any such country or on any such list. You also agree that you will not use
these products for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including,
without limitation, the development, design, manufacture, or production of
nuclear, missile, or chemical or biological weapons.
h. The Licensed Application and related
documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48
C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial
Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R.
§12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R.
§12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the
Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are
being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and
(b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to
the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the
copyright laws of the United States.
i. Except to the extent expressly provided
in the following paragraph, this Agreement and the relationship between you and
Apple shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding its
conflicts of law provisions. You and Apple agree to submit to the personal and
exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of Santa Clara,
California, to resolve any dispute or claim arising from this Agreement. If (a)
you are not a U.S. citizen; (b) you do not reside in the U.S.; (c) you are not
accessing the Service from the U.S.; and (d) you are a citizen of one of the
countries identified below, you hereby agree that any dispute or claim arising
from this Agreement shall be governed by the applicable law set forth below,
without regard to any conflict of law provisions, and you hereby irrevocably
submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the state,
province or country identified below whose law governs:
If you are a citizen of any European Union
country or Switzerland, Norway or Iceland, the governing law and forum shall be
the laws and courts of your usual place of residence.
Specifically excluded from application to
this Agreement is that law known as the United Nations Convention on the
International Sale of Goods.
17. Subscriptions
•
Some parts of the Service are billed
on a subscription basis («Subscription(s)»). Subscription provides access to
dynamic content or services in the Game on an ongoing basis. Subscriptions may
be available at different fees chargeable for a set period of time specified in
the Game («Subscription Period»). Payments for such subscriptions would be
charged at your Apple App Store or Google Play account («Account») when
You confirm the Subscription by available confirmation tools of the Game. You
acknowledge and agree that all billing and transaction processes are handled by
App Store or Google Play, from which platform You downloaded the App, and are
governed by their terms and conditions. If You have any payment related issues,
then You need to contact App Store or Google Play directly.
•
Trial Subscription is offered free of
charge for certain period of time from activation specified in the relevant
offer in the Game. If You do not cancel the Trial Subscription within such
period, Subscription Fee shall be withdrawn from Your Account when the trial
period expires. Please note that Your Subscription begins immediately after the
activation of a trial Subscription, not after the seven-day trial
period. You may cancel a subscription during its free trial period using
the Subscription setting of Your Account. This must be done 24 hours
before the end of the free trial subscription period (Apple App Store), or at
any time before the end of the free trial subscription period (Google Play
Store), otherwise it will be renewed as a paid subscription. PG cannot cancel
Your free-trial subscription if it has already been activated.
•
Subscription is
automatically renewable for the same price and duration period as the
original subscription package chosen by You, unless You turn off it: in case of
an Apple App Store, at least 24-hours before the end of the current
subscription period, or (ii) in case of Google Play Store, at any time before
the end of the subscription period. Subscription Fee for renewal shall be taken
from Your Account within 24-hours prior to the end of the current subscription
period (Apple App Store), or at the end of the subscription period (Google Play
Store) at the cost of the chosen package. In case Subscription Fee cannot be
taken from Your Account due to absence of monetary funds, invalidity of credit
card or for any other reasons, Your Subscription is automatically cancelled.
•
Once You have bought a Subscription,
You can manage it and switch off automatic renewal at any time after the
purchase in Your Account setting. If Subscription has already been activated,
You can cancel the Subscription at any time and the cancellation will take
effect after the end of the last day of that subscription period.
•
Except when required by law, paid
Subscription Fees are non-refundable.
•
OneGame in its sole discretion and at
any time may modify the Subscription Fee. Any Subscription Fee change will
become effective at the end of the current Subscription period. You will be
provided a reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription Fee. If You do
not take action to agree to the increase in Subscription Fee, Your Subscription
shall expire at the end of the current Subscription period.