Dungeon Cards privacy policy
Main
Press kit
Privacy policy
Mail
EN
|
RU
Google Play
App Store
Privacy policy for Dungeon Cards (Google Play game version)
717 pixels built the Dungeon Cards app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by 717 pixels at no cost and is intended for use as is.
						This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The information that is collected can be divided into two groups:
1) The information that is collected by Unity corporation.
2) The unformation that is collected by us the developers of the Dungeon Cards game.
Information that is collected by Unity
The game is created with Unity engine, uses Unity Ads and Unity Analytics. Here is the Unity Privacy Policy that describes what data is collected by Unity:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Please read the parts "I play a game built with Unity software, what should I know?", "I play a game that uses Unity Analytics, what do I need to know?", "I received an ad from Unity Ads, what do I need to know?"
Information that is collected by us the developers
We use the Unity Analytics tool to gather and analyze the in-game behavior of the players, such as the relative success of different characters. This data is not personalized, we can only see the aggregate data (like, this week Viking character was used 1000 times with average score of 3500 and Thief character was used 2000 times with the average score of 3600). This data cannot be linked to a particular person. We use this data only to make the game experience better. We don't share this data with third parties.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. The changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at 717pixels@gmail.com.