PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY

Last updated January 02, 2024

This page describes our policies of collection and use of personal information. Choosing to use our app means agreeing to the collection and use of personal information as described by this policy.

INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Minimal information, such as a username chosen by the user, may be collected directly by the app to provide a better experience in the app.
The app also uses a third-party service which may collect other identifiable personal information. 
The privacy policy of this third-party service can be found at..

Unity Ads https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Google Admob https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
IronSource https://developers.is.com/ironsource- mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/

USER-CREATED CONTENT
The app allows users to upload content that they create within the app. User-created content uploaded to the app by the user is stored by us and can be viewed by others publicaly. 
The user must understand this when uploading content to the app, and should therefore not include any sensitive or personal information in uploaded content. 
The data stored for the user-uploaded content does not inherently contain any sensitive or personal information, unless the user intentionally adds it to the content itself.
Any user-uploaded content found to contain sensitive or personal information (which would only happen if the user intentionally adds it themselves) will be manually removed upon discovery so that it is no longer publicly available.

ERROR DATA
In the event of an error or crash in the app, information about the nature of the error or crash, as well as information about the type of device and app version at the time of the event may be collected.

COOKIES
The app does not use any cookies directly, however external sites accessed through the app may use cookies. In this case, it is up to the user to accept or refuse these cookies.

LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The app may contain links to external sites. These sites are not opperated by us, and therefore cannot be expected to follow this privacy policy.

CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
In the event that our collection and usage of information in the app changes, this privacy policy will be updated to reflect those changes.

CONTACT
For any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at vkreal@kreal.net

Kreal Games LLC
BELLEVUE WA. USA