Privacy Policy – Cerebellium Apps
Ir al contenido
Cerebellium Apps
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms
Cerebellium Apps
Main Menu
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms
Privacy Policy
Dear customers,
Cerebellium Apps respects the privacy of everyone who uses our games, apps, website(s) and all related services which we may provide to you from time to time (“Services”).
Cerebellium Apps gives high respect to privacy rights and pay a lot of attention to preservation of information about users. This policy describes how Cerebellium Apps collect, use, process and share information about you.
General Provisions
This document “Privacy Policy” (hereinafter referred to as “Policy”) contains methods of collection and terms of use of the information about the User (hereinafter also referred to as “You”) by Cerebellium Apps:
– The policy regarding children.
– The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so.
– How we use your personal data.
– The choices you have about your personal data.
By downloading, installing and using the games and apps of Cerebellium Apps for mobile platforms you fully accept the terms of this Policy.
This Policy is an integral part of the documents referring to it, including End User License Agreements (EULA) accompanying Applications and specifying the terms of use of the relevant Applications.
Unless otherwise expressly provided by this Policy the terms and definitions used herein have the meaning stipulated by the End User License Agreement.
The policy regarding children
Cerebellium Apps does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from minors under 13 years old. If you are under 13, please do not use our service and do not send any information about yourself to us. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us. By using our Games, Websites and related Services, you represent that you are at age 13 or older. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed our Games, Websites and related Services and agreed to use these.
The Data We Collect
Data you provide us:
–        Contact information (such as name and email address).
–        Player name and password.
–        Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically:
–        Data about your account and game progress.
–        Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI).
–        Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language.
–        Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below).
–        General location data.
–        Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service.
Collection Of Other ‘Non-Personal’ Information
Though Cerebellium Apps itself does not use cookies in order to track your movement around the web, our websites, game and apps may contain APIs from third parties.
Our third-party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
–        AdMob:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
–        Unity Ads:
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
–        Google:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
–        Firebase: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy?hl=es-419
–        Meta Audience Network: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
–        AppLovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
–        AdColony: https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
–        Admix:
https://admixplay.com/privacypolicy/
–        IronSource:
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
–        Gadsme: https://www.gadsme.com/privacy-policy
–        Adverty:
https://adverty.com/privacy-policy-2021
–        AdInMo:
https://www.adinmo.com/privacy-policy/
–        Bidstack:
https://www.bidstack.com/privacy-policy/
If you would like to find out more about the way these third parties collect and process your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and/or terms and conditions by clicking on the links provided above.
Data we collect from our partners:
–        Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service.
–        Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address).
–        Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games (apps) or click fraud in advertising).
–        Data from platforms that the apps run on (such as to verify payment).
–        Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service.
Why Do We Collect Your Data
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to:
–        Create accounts and allow you to play our games(apps) and use our Service.
–        Operate the Service.
–        Verify and confirm payments.
–        Provide and deliver products and services you request.
–        Send you Service-related communications.
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:
–        Update and develop player profiles.
–        Develop and improve the Service and player experience.
–        Manage our relationship with you.
–         Provide social features as part of the Service.
–        Customize your Service experience.
–        Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support.
–        Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages.
–        Enable you to communicate with other players.
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
–        Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
–        Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service.
–        For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section ‘Your rights and options’ below.
To keep the Service safe and fair:
–        Ensuring a level playing field in the Service is a top priority for us.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
–        Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features.
–        Act against fraudulent or misbehaving players.
To analyze, profile, and segment.
–        In all the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
Who Can See Your Data
Apart from Cerebellium Apps, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
–        Other players and user
Other players and users may, for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
–        Partners Working for Cerebellium Apps
These partners process your data only at and according to Cerebellium Apps instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
–        Other companies and public authorities.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
–        Advertising and Social Media partners
Your Rights
You have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods set out in the Contact Us section of our privacy policy.
Those rights include:
Right of access
: You have a right to know what information we hold about you and, in some cases, to have the information communicated to you. If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us letting us know that you wish to exercise your right of access and what information you would like to receive. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any information. Please note that we may not be able to provide all the information you ask for, for instance if the information includes personal information about another person. Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will endeavor to tell you why. We will try to respond to any request for a right of access as soon as possible, but we will always do so within 1 month of receipt of your request and verification of your identity.
Right to correct personal information
: We try to keep the information that we hold about you accurate and up to date. Should you realize that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know at cerebelliumapps@gmail.com and we will correct it as soon as we can.
Data deletion
: In some circumstances you have a right to have some of the personal information that we hold about you deleted. Should you wish to have any information about you deleted, please Contact Us using the information below. Where we delete personal information about you, we may still retain some or all that information for other purposes such as maintaining financial records, protecting or enforcing legal rights, maintaining marketing suppression lists or for technical reasons such as maintaining technical security or our database integrity. We may also retain your information in an anonymized form. In some instances, personal information about you that is visible through gameplay such as username, avatar, your high scores and any chat messages may be cached on other players’ devices and we may not be able to remove or update that data from those devices, for example if that device is not connected to a wi-fi network.
Account deactivation
: If you have created an account with us, you can ask us to deactivate that account by contacting us using the information below. We may ask you for other information before we are able to deactivate your account. That information might include information about your mobile device. Please note that if you completely deactivate your account all your progress in our games and any unspent virtual items will be lost and we may not be able to restore them in the future.
Restriction of processing
: In some cases, you may have the right to request a restriction of the processing of your personal data, such as when you are disputing the accuracy of your data held by us.
Right to object
: You have the right to object to the processing of personal data about you which is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests (see Legal Bases below).
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page. Please come back to this page every now and then to make sure you are familiar with the latest version. Any new policy will be effective from the date it is published by us.
Contact Us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through the at email cerebelliumapps@gmail.com so we can reply to you more quickly.
Terms
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2023 Cerebellium Apps