Privacy Policy – Cn Studio
Skip to content
Home
Game
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Menu
Home
Game
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains our online and offline information practices, the kinds of information we may collect, how we intend to use, store,
protect, disclose and share that information, and how you can opt out of a use or correct or change such information.
1.Collection of personal information
We ensure that we collect personal information applicable to the privacy laws and all other applicable legislation.
2.Information we collect
We collect personal information from your app access history and registration form data.
3.How we use your information
We will limit the use of personal information that we collect from you to better our operation, obeying what we promised you.
4.Information to third party
If you play any of the games or use any of the Services on connected Third-party applications or connect the Services to any Third-party applications, like Apple, Google, Amazon and/or from Social Networking Sites (“SNS”) such as Facebook, Cn Studio may receive certain information about you from the provider of the Third-party application. The information received depends the Third-party application, your privacy settings and, if applicable, your friends’ privacy settings on that Third-party application
When you connect with the Services through an SNS, the information that Cn Studio collects may include your first and last name, your SNS user identification number and/or user name, your profile picture or its URL, location, sex, the login e-mail you provided to that Third-party application when you registered with the SNS, age-range (e.g. min 21), locale, language of your application, time zone and the SNS user identification numbers for your friends who are also connected to the Services.
When you use any of the Services, games or applications on a mobile platform, Cn Studio may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent/non-persistent), your device operating system, version, model, CPU, amount of RAM and disk space, hardware type, Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), Advertising ID, the version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, Game Center ID, and your location based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. This information is useful to Cn Studio for troubleshooting and helps Cn Studio understand usage trends.
As part of the payment processing through Third Parties, Cn Studio does not collect, store and use personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, credit card number, phone number, and your e-mail address. Cn Studio does not have access to your credit card or bank account data. However, Third Party payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like the items purchased to fulfill your order.
You can manage the information Cn Studio receives about you from a Third-party application on which you play our games, like Facebook, and you will need to follow the instructions for the Third-party application for changing your privacy settings. You also can manage some aspects of information collection and use by visiting the settings page of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application (app).
We will NOT provide personal information we collected to third-parties without the user’s consent besides when we collaborate with outside services or hire third-party agents and contractors to deliver our services. You will find hereafter the list of our partners implementing SDKs through our applications:
Games Analytics (analytical SDK)
Admob (SDK advertising)
UnityAds (SDK advertising)
Applovin (SDK advertising)
Facebook Audience Network (SDK advertising)
5. Cookies, Pixel Tags, Web Beacons, Analytics Information and Interest-based or Targeted Advertising
We, as well as Third Parties that provide content, advertising or other
functionality on our Services, may use Cookies, pixel tags and other technologies (“Technologies”) to
automatically collect information through the Services. We use Technologies that are essentially small data
files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone or other devices (referred to collectively as a “device”)
that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our sites, services,
applications, messaging, and tools and to recognize you across devices.
•
Cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’
computer browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete Cookies. However, if
you do that, the Site may not work properly.
•
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon)
is a piece of code embedded on the Site that collects information about users’ engagement on that web page. The
use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a
particular advertisement.
•
Social Media Widgets.
Our Website includes social media features
such as the Facebook “Like” button and Linked-In (that might include widgets such as the “share this” button or
other interactive mini-programs). These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on
our site and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either
hosted by a Third Party or directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the
privacy policy of the company providing it.
•
Analytics.
We may also use Google Analytics and Google Analytics
Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics
on some of our Services and to develop website content. This Analytics data are not tied to any Personal
Information. The Information generated by Google Analytics about the use, including the current but truncated
user’s IP address, is transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. Since we have
activated IP anonymization, your IP address will be truncated by Google within an European Union member state or
a member state of the European Economic Area before transmission in the United States. For more information
about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
You can
opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
•
Operationally Necessary.
We may use Cookies, web beacons or
other similar technologies that are necessary to the operation of our sites, services, applications and tools.
This includes technologies that allow you access to our sites, services, applications and tools and that are
required to identify irregular site behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security.
•
Performance-related.
We may use Cookies, web beacons or other
similar technologies to assess the performance of our websites, applications, services and tools, including as
part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our visitors use our websites.
•
Functionality-related.
We may use Cookies, web beacons or other
similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our sites,
services, applications or tools. This may include identifying you when you sign into our sites or keeping track
of your specified preferences, interests or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content
on our sites.
•
Advertising or Targeting-related.
We may use first-party or
Third-party Cookies and web beacons to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our sites
or on Third Party sites. This includes using technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the
advertisements and content that have been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an
advertisement.
If you would like to opt out of the Technologies we employ on our sites,
services, applications or tools, you can do so by blocking, deleting or disabling them as your browser or device
permits.
Opting Out of Cookie Tracking.
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place Cookies
on your computer or limit the type of Cookies you allow. Flash Cookies operate differently than browser Cookies,
and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash Cookies.
Please be advised that if you disable Cookies, you may lose some of the
features and functionality of our Services because the Cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game
activities.
6.Security
The Personal Information that you provide to Cn Studio is stored on servers that are located in secured facilities and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure industry-standard security of such information, such as firewalls and data encryption. However, no server, computer or communications network or system or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Cn Studio strives to protect your information, Cn Studio cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Cn Studio or through the Services.
By using the Services or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security privacy, and administrative issues related to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services or sending an e-mail to you or via push notification.
7.Accessing and correcting information
You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. When you have consented to Cn Studio’ processing of your Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt out to further Processing by opening an in-game support ticket or, alternatively, by contacting contact@cn-studio.com Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use anonymized, non-Personal Information regarding your activities on our Services.
Please also note that certain records, for example, those relating to payments or customer service matters, will be held for legal and accounting purposes. If you have sent content through or posted content on the Service, we may not be able to delete it.
8.Questions about the privacy policy
Please email us : contact@cn-studio.com
183 bvd zerktouni, Casablanca,Morocco
Tel : +212 0522 456 789
Email : contact@cn-studio.com
Follow us
Linkedin-in
Facebook-f
Copyright ©2017-2022 CN STUDIO | All rights reserved