Dimension by HTML5 UP
Privacy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our
					policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
					Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to
					the collection and use of information in relation to this
					policy. The Personal Information that we collect is
					used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with
					anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Children Under The Age Of 13 :
Celtic Spear does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for Celtic Spear or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on Celtic Spear. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at celticspear.play@gmail.com
Children Between The Ages of 13 and 18 :
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we
					may require you to provide us with certain personally
					identifiable information. The information that
					we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect
					information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used
					by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Unity
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you
					use our Service, in a case of an error in the app
					we collect data and information (through third party
					products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may
					include information such as your device Internet Protocol
					(“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
					configuration of the app when utilizing our Service,
					the time and date of your use of the Service, and other
					statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
					commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
					to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
					stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However,
					the app may use third party code and libraries that use
					“cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
					You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies
					and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
					choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
					portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and
					individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service
					that these third parties have access to your Personal
					Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to
					them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
					disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your
					Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
					acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
					of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
					storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
					guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
					a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
					that these external sites are not operated by us.
					Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the
					Privacy Policy of these websites. We have
					no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
					privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
					services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
					time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
					periodically for any changes. We will
					notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
					this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-05-10
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our
					Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at celticspear.play@gmail.com.
Facebook