2018.06.20
Privacy Policy
THE USE OF OUR SERVICES, GAMES, AND WEB SITES ARE SUBJECT TO AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  THIS PRIVACY POLICY ONLY ADDRESSES ACTIVITIES FROM OUR SERVERS.  OTHER SITES (INCLUDING THOSE TO WHICH WE MAY LINK) AND OTHER SERVICE PROVIDERS MAY HAVE THEIR OWN POLICIES, WHICH WE DO NOT CONTROL, AND THUS ARE NOT ADDRESSED OR CONTROLLED BY THIS POLICY.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES OR ACCESS OUR SITES.
1. Commitment
The VALOFE Global.,Ltd. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, " VALOFE ") respect and committed to the privacy of our online visitors and recognizes the importance of protecting all information that you may choose to share with us. To further this commitment, we have adopted this Online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") to guide how we collect, store, and use the information you provide us.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Online Privacy Policy, please contact us at (Email will be added). While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.
2. Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to VALOFES' processing of Personal Information for the purposes given below as well as those explained where VALOFE collects Personal Information on the Web. Should the Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our web site for a reasonable period of time.
3. Personal Information
Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address and an email address or other contact information, whether at work or at home. In general, you can visit VALOFES ' Web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself.
If you use our websites and games, we may collect personal information from you (such as name, e-mail address, contact information and payment and billing information), but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. This information will be used by us to allow you to register to use the services, register for contests or giveaways, complete questionnaires, order products and services from us and submit forms or send other information to us.  We do store your personally identifiable information in a secure format, and also use Secure Sockets Layer encrypted connections to transmit your payment-related personally identifiable information to further protect its privacy. As outlined below, we may also collect unique usage information, which does NOT include personally identifiable information, to assist us in understanding our customers' use patterns and for use in developing new products and services
If you decide to provide us your personal information, we will only collect the personal information which is needed to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. If you refuse to release your personal information when requested, you will not be able to access certain areas of our services.
REGISTRATION TO USE SERVICES
If you wish to register with our game, you will be asked to provide us with first and last name, an email address, state and country of residence, zip/postal code, birth date and gender.  You may be asked to choose a user or member name and password.  Please do not use your real name or the real name of another person when selecting a user name.  Please note that your user name will be available to the Internet's general public while you participate in some services, like chat rooms or message boards, so you should exercise discretion when using these services.
We are not responsible for protecting such information that you may disclose to third parties through our services (e.g. sending your telephone number to another user through the chat service).  To the extent that you create a public profile that may be available to others on our sites and services, you are solely responsible for its content and accuracy at all times.  To edit or change such information, follow the instructions on the web site.
ONLINE GAMES
When you play any of the games offered and/or served by VALOFE, or use any of the communication features on the Sites, your IP address (the Internet protocol address from which you access any of the above) may be stored in our records.  When any game is updated or "patched," our patch routine may check your computer to see that you have the most recent version of game-specific files; when you communicate within any game or any other communication feature within the Game (e.g. live chat, instant message services and the like), even "privately" to another person, you do so with the understanding that those communications go through our servers, can be monitored by us, you have no expectation of privacy in any of those communications and, accordingly, you expressly consent to monitoring of communications that you send and receive.
ONLINE CONTESTS AND SWEEPSTAKES/SURVEYS
To participate in some of our Online Contests and Sweepstakes/Surveys, you may be asked to provide additional personal information such as your mailing address.  In each such case, no new personal information will be collected from you without your consent.  This information may be collected by VALOFE or by third parties such as co-sponsors or vendors for the promotion.
ONLINE STORE
When you sign up to play our game or you make an online purchase from our Web site or online store, you need to provide a valid credit card number, expiration date and credit card security code, in addition to name, mailing and billing addresses, phone number and e-mail address. Please note that you must be over the age of 18 to place orders online).  Issues related to customer service, billing questions, etc. may also require you to provide us with some personal information so that we may resolve the issue properly.  All financial and personal information is transmitted by SSL protocol via VALOFES' secure server.
COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGY
We may use cookies on our websites. A "cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that sites often store on a user's computer. Cookies do not include people's names, email addresses, or other information that is personally identifiable; they are typically used to quickly identify a user's computer and to "remember" things about the user's visit.  Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once you close your browser, the cookie simply terminates and is not saved on your computer disk drive. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If you reject the cookie, you may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that you will be limited in some areas of our site, or may have to enter passwords or identifying information more than once. We also collect other information of a non-personal nature, such as IP addresses, browser types, domain names, software versions, and access times for our internal purposes.
Additionally, we may also collect other types of non-personal information (known as demographic information) such as your age or date of birth, gender, hobbies, occupation, platform preferences, and other game ownership and preferences. This demographic information may be associated with your personal information.
If you choose to provide us with your Personal Information on the Web, we may transfer that Information within.
Generally, the information that you disclose on our website is collected by VALOFE or by third parties such as co-sponsors or vendors for the promotion.  VALOFES ' use of any such information will be governed by this policy.  The names of third parties such as co-sponsors (other than vendors hired by VALOFE to conduct, administer, and execute a promotion on behalf of VALOFE will be disclosed to you when you are asked to sign up for the promotion.
VALOFE strives to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy. Although legal requirements may vary from country to country, VALOFE intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy even if, in connection with the above, we transfer your Personal Information from your country to countries that may not require an "adequate" level of protection for your Personal Information. In other words, our goal is to provide protection for your Personal Information no matter where that Personal Information is collected, transferred, or retained.
4. Notice
Where VALOFE collects Personal Information on the web, we intend to post a purpose statement that explains why Personal Information will be collected and whether we plan to share such Personal Information outside of VALOFE or those working on VALOFES' behalf. VALOFE does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on VALOFES ' behalf unless such transfer is legally required.
5. Choice
You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to VALOFE. The notice we intend to provide where VALOFE collects Personal Information on the Web should help you to make this choice.  If you choose not to provide the Personal Information we request, you can still visit most of VALOFES'Web sites, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you.
6. Security
Wherever your Personal Information may be held within VALOFE or on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure.
7. Access/Accuracy
To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, VALOFE wishes to maintain accurate Personal Information. Where we collect Personal Information from you on the Web, our goal is to provide a means of contacting VALOFE should you need to update or correct that Information. If for any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your Personal Information to (Email to be added) and we will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in your Personal Information that we hold as soon as practicable.
8. Children's Privacy
VALOFE is not structured to attract children. Our Terms of Agreements specify that accounts are available only to individuals who are 13 years of age or older. If you are under the age of 13, you may not create an account on the Sites, you may not sign up for any subscription service or buy anything through the online Store, and you are not eligible to enter any of our sweepstakes or promotions.
Except as may be required by law, VALOFE will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personal information from children under the age of 13. We take kids privacy seriously, and encourage parents to play an active role in their children's online experience at all times.
VALOFE recommends that parents and guardians spend time online with their children to become more familiar with the types of content available on the Internet, including our online games.
Parents and guardians should regularly oversee their children's use of email and other online communications and transactional features. Control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers that can help provide a safe online environment for kids.
9. Use and Share of Personal Information
We use your Personal Information to provide you with contents and services that are tailored specifically to the profile you provide. In connection with the delivery of our services, we may share the personal information with third-party partners or vendors who help deliver or administer the services, but they are only permitted to use the information in connection with the delivery or administration of our services.  We use your information on an aggregated basis (not personally identifiable) to do such things as operate our site, enhance our site and sell and deliver messages. We may disclose aggregated information about our users but that information contains no Personal Information.
Although your privacy is very important to us, due to legal rules beyond our control, we cannot fully ensure that your private communications and other Personal Information will not be disclosed to third parties. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Additionally, in the unlikely event we need to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, we can, and you authorize us to, disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. In addition, we may share Personal Information with our contractors on a need-to-know basis in order to maintain our services provided that such contractors have agreed to the non-disclosure and confidentiality requirements we require of our employees.
By using this site, you signify your agreement to VALOFES ' Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use or access any VALOFES ' site. We reserve the right to make changes in this policy at any time. Please check the policy each time you use our web site to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices.  If you choose to opt-out of our new policy, please send us e-mail in order to obtain instructions on how to opt-out. Your continued use of our site will signify that you have accepted the changes to our Privacy Policy.
10. Reading, Modification, and Deletion of Personal Information
1) The user can check, modify, and update the user's own personal information at any time.  The user can directly read and modify the personal information by following the fields of [Log-in> Account> Modify Personal Information] on VALOFES ' web site. To delete personal information, the user can sign out at any time through the [Sign Out] button on the web site operated by VALOFE.
When the user signs out, all consent of the user is terminated and all personal information is deleted.
2) When the user requests the correction or deletion of the user's personal information, VALOFE will take the necessary actions to correct or delete the user's personal information immediately after confirming the user's identity. Also, in the events VALOFE delete the user's personal information, user's ID, and stop the service, it will be conducted under the supervision of the 'Personal Information Manager'.
If you have any complaints or opinions concerning personal information, please send your opinions or complaints to pc-contact@valofe.com. Questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy can also be directed to our customer service department using the Email Inquiry form located on our website.
11. Governing Law
Except as expressly provided otherwise, this Agreement shall be is governed by, and will be construed under, Republic of Korea and international law without regard to choice of law principles.