SMVD Games - Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
SMVD Games
Home
Privacy Policy
SMVD Games
Privacy Policy
This document explains how information (both customer and end user information) is collected and utilized by GameAnalytics and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“GameAnalytics”, “our”, “us” or “we”).
If you have any concerns about privacy, please send an email to smvdgames@gmail.com.
We at SMVD Games respects the privacy of everyone that use our websites, games, and various related services. This privacy policy is designed to inform you about the type of information that we gather about you, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of that information.
We don’t share user data with any third party except for our advertising partner google admob and unity.
Advertising:
All our applications use Google Admob and Unity Ads advertising networks.
For more information about the Google Admob privacy policies please access the following link:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
For more information about the Unity Ads privacy policies please access the following link:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Google Checkout:
If you choose to use Google Checkout to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to Google Checkout. Google’s Privacy Policy will apply to the information you provide to the Google Checkout web site.
For more information about the Google Play Services privacy policies please access the following link:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Changes to the Privacy Policies:
We have the rights to change these policies to reflect changes in our information practices. We encourage you to reviews this page periodically for the latest information.
Support:
Please contact smvdgames@gmail.com regarding any issue you may be having.
We hope you enjoy our games and we would love to hear any feedback you wish to give us!
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse