Lion Cube Studio | Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Lion Cube Studio | Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
December 20, 2019
We do not store any data in our server in any forms.
Our games just access the internet connection.
We do not collect any kind of data from the users.
We do not copy any audio, picture or video in our game which is someone other’s intellectual property.
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from kids from the apps/games that are specifically built for children.
KIDS PRIVACY POLICY
We hereby prohibit kids from actively and directly providing us with any personal information or leaving the app (when clicked on ads) without without parental consent.
If you are a legal guardian of a Kid and believe your child has provided us with any personal information, please contact us at lioncubestudio@gmail.com and we will delete such information from our servers.
Cocos2d-x
, one of the game engine we use, implements an interface on Android to request a device's Android Device ID and the Advertising ID. We don't use these interfaces in our games, and have confirmed through various tests.
DATA COLLECTION & HOW WE USE THEM?
In some of our games we have enabled User Login and you might be asked to start an account straight by providing information regarding yourself and completing the enrolment procedure or Facebook login.
By login through social media, you could be granting the social networking site permission to talk about any other information and your email address.
We utilize this information for internal game functions only like rules, game management and authentication, copy protection, account blocking, etc. We use the same for crash reports and log information to fix the issues in our game and improve usability depending on the device types.
Within these services, additionally, we might supply communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages to you. No other third-party usage will be done from our end.
GOT ANY QUESTIONS/CONCERN?
If you still have any doubts/comments concerning this Privacy Policy or you want to file any dispute then before going to somewhere else, just drop us a mail at lioncubestudio@gmail.com
and we will sort it out on a priority base.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Archive
December 2019
1
Report Abuse