Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mark Varlamov built the Your Life Simulator app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by
                    Mark Varlamov at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure
                    of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
                    relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving
                    the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is
                    accessible at Your Life Simulator unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of
                    an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone
                    called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
                    device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service,
                    the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving
                    to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
                    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee
                    its absolute security.
Unity Ads
Unity Ads has probably collected device information, like IP address, iOS/Android advertising identifiers, device identifiers, and information regarding the delivery of ads and your interaction with them, all of which may be shared with ad publishers and attribution companies. For clarity, Unity collects the following data: whether you click or tap an ad for a new game, whether you watch the ad or play a game frequently, whether others playing a game like the one you’re playing have downloaded a particular new game, and whether you download and install the new game you see advertised. All of this is for purposes of predicting the types of new games that you might like to download. Unity may track additional data about you in the future for purposes of making these types of predictions, and we will notify you prior to new data collection.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
                    this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting
                    the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
                    this page.