Privacy Policy – Math Workout
Skip to content
Math Workout
Features
Video
Download
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1.Introduction
1.1
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our app users.
1.2
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of such persons; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3
Our app does not collect private user data or share it with our internal systems.
2. This privacy policy
In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Adam Hunt.[ For more information about us, see Section 14.]
3.The personal data that we collect
3.1
In this Section 3 we have set out the general categories of personal data that we process[ and, in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, information about the source and specific categories of that data].
3.2
We may process data enabling us to get in touch with you (“
contact data
“). The contact data may include your name, email address, telephone number, postal address and/or social media account identifiers.
3.3
We may process app account data (“
account data
“). The account data may include your account identifier, name, email address, business name, account creation and modification dates, website settings and marketing preferences . The primary source of the account data is you and other users of the app, although some elements of the account data may be generated by our app such as the adaptive learning engine.
3.4
We may process [information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and/or services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website] (“
transaction data
“). The transaction data may include [your name, your contact details, your payment card details (or other payment details) and the transaction details. The source of the transaction data is the Google Play store.
3.5
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us or that we send to you (“
communication data
“). The communication data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms.
3.6
We may process data about your use of our app and services (“
usage data
“). The usage data may include [your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking system.
4.Purposes of processing and legal bases
4.1
In this Section 4, we have set out the purposes for which we may process personal data and the legal bases of the processing.
4.2
Operations
– We may process your personal data for the purposes of operating our app, the processing and fulfilment of orders, providing our services, supplying our goods, generating invoices, bills and other payment-related documentation, and credit control.
4.3
Publications
– We may process account data for the purposes of publishing such data on our website and elsewhere through our services in accordance with your express instructions.
4.4
Relationships and communications
– We may process contact data, account data, transaction data and/or communication data for the purposes of managing our relationships, communicating with you (excluding communicating for the purposes of direct marketing) by email, SMS, post, fax and/or telephone, providing support services and complaint handling.
4.5
Direct marketing
– We may process contact data, account data and/or transaction data for the purposes of creating, targeting and sending direct marketing communications by email, SMS, post and/or fax and making contact by telephone for marketing-related purposes. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
4.6
Research and analysis
– We may process usage data and/or transaction data for the purposes of researching and analysing the use of the Math Workout app, as well as researching and analysing other interactions with our business.
4.7
Record keeping
– We may process your personal data for the purposes of creating and maintaining our databases, back-up copies of our databases and our business records generally. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely [ensuring that we have access to all the information we need to properly and efficiently run our business in accordance with this policy.
4.8
Security
– We may process your personal data for the purposes of security and the prevention of fraud and other criminal activity. The legal basis of this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection of our website, services and business, and the protection of others.
4.9
Insurance and risk management
– We may process data where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks and/or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
4.10
Legal claims
– We may process data where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
4.11
Legal compliance and vital interests
– We may also process your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
5.Providing your personal data to others
5.1
We do not store your personal data on any of our internal systems. We use the Google Play store to manage any transactional and download data.
5.2
Financial transactions relating to the Math Workout app may be handled by our payment services providers,
Google Play
. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
5.3
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 5, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
6. International transfers of your personal data
6.1
In this Section 6, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to [countries outside the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area (EEA)].
6.2
The hosting facilities for our website are situated in
the UK and USA
. The competent data protection authorities have made an “adequacy decision” with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the competent data protection authorities.
6.3
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
7. Retaining and deleting personal data
7.1
This Section 7 sets out our data retention policies and procedures, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
7.2
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
7.3
We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a)
[contact data will be retained for a minimum period of
[period]
following the date of the most recent contact between you and us, and for a maximum period of
[period]
following that date];
(b)
[account data will be retained for a minimum period of
[period]
following the date of closure of the relevant account, and for a maximum period of
[period]
following that date];
(c)
[transaction data will be retained for a minimum period of
[period]
following the date of the transaction, and for a maximum period of
[period]
following that date];
(d)
[communication data will be retained for a minimum period of
[period]
following the date of the communication in question, and for a maximum period of
[period]
following that date];
(e)
[usage data will be retained for
[period]
following the date of collection]; and
(f)
[
[data category]
will be retained for a minimum period of
[period]
following
[date]
, and for a maximum period of
[period]
following
[date]
].
[additional list items]
7.4
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 7, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
8. Your rights
8.1
In this Section 8, we have listed the rights that you have under data protection law.
8.2
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)
the right to access
– you can ask for copies of your personal data;
(b)
the right to rectification
– you can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal data and to complete incomplete personal data;
(c)
the right to erasure
– you can ask us to erase your personal data;
(d)
the right to restrict processing
– you can ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data;
(e)
the right to object to processing
– you can object to the processing of your personal data;
(f)
the right to data portability
– you can ask that we transfer your personal data to another organisation or to you;
(g)
the right to complain to a supervisory authority
– you can complain about our processing of your personal data; and
(h)
the right to withdraw consent
– to the extent that the legal basis of our processing of your personal data is consent, you can withdraw that consent.
8.3
These rights are subject to certain limitations and exceptions. You can learn more about the rights of data subjects by visiting
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
.
8.4
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, using the contact details set out below.
9. About cookies
9.1
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
9.2
Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
9.3
Cookies may not contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal data that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
10. Cookies that we use
10.1
We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)
personalisation
– we use cookies [to store information about your preferences and to personalise our website for you.
(b)
security
– we use cookies [as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally.
11. Cookies used by our service providers
11.1
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
11.2
We use Google Analytics. Google Analytics gathers information about the use of our website by means of cookies. The information gathered is used to create reports about the use of our website. You can find out more about Google’s use of information by visiting
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
and you can review Google’s privacy policy at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
12. Managing cookies
12.1
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
(Chrome);
(b)
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
(Firefox);
(c)
https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/
(Opera);
(d)
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
(Internet Explorer);
(e)
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac
(Safari); and
(f)
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
(Edge).
12.2
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
12.3
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
12B. Credit
12B.1
This document was created using a template from Docular (
https://seqlegal.com/free-legal-documents/privacy-policy
).
13. Amendments
13.1
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
13.2
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
13.3
We [may] OR [will] notify you of [changes] OR [significant changes] to this policy [by email].
14. Our details
14.1
This website and app is owned and operated by
Workout Games.
14.2
Our principal place of business is at
71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2H 9JQ
.
14.3
You can contact us:
(a)
[by post, to [the postal address given above]];
(b)
[using our website contact form];
(c)
[by telephone, on [the contact number published on our website]]; or
(d)
[by email, using [the email address published on our website]].
15.Data protection officer
15.1
Our data protection officer’s contact details are:
Adam Hunt, adam@workoutgames.co.uk
.
Workout Games Ltd
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
support@mathworkout.app
mathworkout.app
71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2H 9JQ