PrivacyPolicy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Home
PrivacyPolicy
Home
PrivacyPolicy
More
Home
PrivacyPolicy
PrivacyPolicy
Classic Free Games - Terms of Usage and User's Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy will help explain what information we collect, how we use it and what options you have in relation to it. The key points of our privacy policy are provided below. Our main object to protect the user data and personal information.
1. Information we collect from user
We collect following personal information from our user:
Registration information: information you give us when you sign up to access our Products,
Billing information: information provided by you and/or third-party stores.
Technical and device information: information from your mobile when you use our Products.
Feedback: your questions, suggestions or views on the Products.
2. Security and data retention
Your privacy is important to us and we take reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your information from unauthorized access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.
Your personal information will be kept by Classic Free Games. for the duration of your relationship with us and for as long as you use our Products and may be retained for a period after this time if it is necessary and relevant to our legitimate operations, our terms with you and in accordance with applicable laws.
3. Children’s information
Children’s are the assets of every nation therefor positive mental growth is very important for us... Therefore, the privacy policy managed according to USA laws. If we learn that we have collected personal information of users under the age of 13 or other applicable age of consent, other than persistent identifiers for support of the internal operations of the Products (in the U.S.) and/or for our legitimate interests (outside the U.S.), then we will take reasonable steps to remove such information. We may collect non-personally identifiable information from children, such as country settings and language settings to ensure compliance with the applicable law for the specified country. If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected personal information about your child.
4. Your choices and rights
You have options and choices over how we use your personal information. You may be required to register or sign in to use or access some of our Products, and may need to provide personal information to create a user profile which is associated with your use of our Products.  Where you are required to sign in to use or access our Products, you can also manage the personal information that you provide to us.
You have control over if we, and/or our partners, use personal information to provide targeted advertisements and you may withdraw consent related to the use of personal information to serve you targeted advertisements.
If you sign up to our marketing communications, you will be asked to confirm your communication preferences and given the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time.
You can contact us directly with requests to correct, erase, restrict, object to, or move your personal information. If you do not want us to process and/or access your personal information, you may be unable to use some of our Products
5. ADVERTISING
Ads appearing on our services (Games/Apps) may be delivered to Users by advertising partners (Third party), who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your Device each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non-personal identification information about you or others who use your Device. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
We are currently availing below mentioned ads services. You may visit their privacy pages to learn more.
1 Admob Ad Network  Privacy Policy - https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543
2 Unity Ad Network Privacy Policy -
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
We are using unity analytics to collect game player performance data to improve the game quality.
3 Fyber - Heyzap Privacy Policy -
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Our all the Advertisers are GDPR compliant.
Your questions and how to contact us
If you have any questions or comments about this policy or our practices you can contact us:
Email:  classicfreegames3d@gmail.com
classicfreegames3d@outlook.com
Google Sites
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse