ART IN GAMES | Privacy policy
General Application Privacy Statement
WHY WE COLLECT DATA?
There are several reasons why we do that:
To improve our games by analyzing statistical, non-personalized data about events in our games.
To store your game progress securely in the cloud.
To provide social experiences like leaderboards, daily events
To show you ads and provide content for free.
WHAT KIND OF DATA DO WE COLLECT?
Data that we collect and provide to our partners may include:
Unique advertising identificators (Google Advertising ID).
Additionally some of our games store data in our own databases. Those databases are used to provide social features like leaderboards, daily events or to store your game progres in the cloud. Data that we may store in our databases but do not pass to any of our partners may include:
Gamer ID (Android).
Game Center ID (iOS).
ANALYTICS
Most of our apps use analytics (usage data) in order to understand how users engage with our apps and how to improve the overall experience. The information gathered include: the device type, the session length, interactions with various user interface elements in the game. The analytics partners that we work with are:
Google Analytics
(
privacy policy
)
Our partners have their own privacy policies, please visit their websites to find more information.
ADVERTISING
Some of our games use advertising to provide the content free of charge. Those games launched on your device automatically send certain information to our advertising partners. Those information include: the name of the app, the device type and the advertising ID. Our advertising partners are:
Google AdMob
(
privacy policy
)
Our partners may try to personalize the ads for you to provide you the ads that are more interesting to you. Our partners have their own privacy policies, please visit their websites to find more information.
GAMING SERVICES
Google Play Games
(
privacy policy
)
Apple Game Center
(
privacy policy
)
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
HOW TO GET YOUR DATA REMOVED
If you'd like to get all of your data removed, please contact us at
airattack2info@gmail.com
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
Art In Games may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such information is used.
OWNER AND DATA CONTROLLER
Address: Na barine 12,  841 03 Bratislava, Slovakia
Contact:
airattack2info@gmail.com
c 2010 Art in Games, All rights reserved.
Designed and powered by
Art in Games