Struckd - Create, Share and Play Games
Menu
Download
What is Struckd?
Community
Struckd Privacy Policy
Last updated:  October 21, 2022
Last Edit/Review: December 23, 2022
What’s new as of December 23, 2022?
On December 23, 2022, we updated our ‘
Privacy Rights’ Section to encompass the changes
to the U.S.
State Privacy Laws as applicable.
Introduction & Scope
Welcome to the Struckd App (herein “App”). This Privacy Policy will provide you, the User, with information about Unity’s (herein “we”, “us”, “our”, or “Unity”)  Struckd App processing activities with respect to your Personal Information collected through your use of the App. This policy applies to our Struckd Users that have downloaded the Struckd App.
Please refer to Unity’s main
Privacy Policy
to further understand our data processing activities with respect to your Unity ID account data and other data collected as a result of your use of Unity’s other Site, Products or Services as well as your rights with respect to those activities.
Our Policies Concerning Children
If the user is a child, we may collect and store the below information solely for our internal operations and our legitimate interest:
IP address
Unique Installation-specific ID
Randomly generated User ID
Vendor ID
Device ID
We collect the above information
for internal analytics to understand the service and e.g., why an error is occuring in Struckd or what causes users to engage with Struckd
so that we can send push notification
so that we can make updates to the application without needing to push an update
We may share some of this information with our service providers who we contract with to help us provide our services to you. Please note, while we collect country and birth date,
this information is not stored
.
For more information on our policies concerning the collection of information from children in our other products, please see our main
Privacy Policy
.
If you or your parent or guardian have questions about this policy or how we use your personal information, you can contact us at
dpo@unity3d.com
Personal Information We Collect and its Sources
By downloading and using the Unity Struckd App, We collect Personal Information from you two ways:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Passively when you use the App.
Personal Information that you actively provide, may include:
Account Information
: The Personal Information you submit to create a Struckd account may include your name, age or date of birth, telephone number, mobile number, email address, gender, username, Password(s) that Users create to access parts of the Service or profile picture.
Financial Information
: Details of transactions you carry out through the App and information necessary for the fulfillment of your orders. When Users provide payment (e.g. credit card information, billing address, etc.) information to make a purchase, that information is sent to payment processors who assist Unity. Unity’s payment systems are not designed to store credit card numbers.
Social Feed Content
: You may also provide assets for publication or display on public areas of the App (collectively, “Social Feed Content”). Your Social Feed Content is posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of third parties with whom you may choose to share your Social Feed Content. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your Social Feed Content will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Your Communications with Us:
Users may provide us with information when they participate in community and forum pages on the App.
By downloading and using the Unity Struckd App, Unity may passively and automatically collect the below Personal Information from you:
Usage Information
. We collect information about your activity through our App. Information about your usage may include how you share target assets, user actions, day of first session, day of last session or session length.
Device Information.
The App may also collect device information such as the device identification, operating system, hardware and software versions, platform, screen size, and CPU/graphics characteristics.
Location Information.
When you use our App we may collect information about your location. IP addresses can be used to learn about the general location (e.g. city, state and country) of the User’s point of access to the App.
For more information on other Personal Information that Unity collects through your Unity account, and your use of other Unity Site, Products or Services, please see our main
Privacy Policy
. For information on cookies, and similar technologies that may collect information through your use of Unity’s Site, Products, Services and the App please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Purpose of Collecting Personal Information (How we use your Data)
We use the Personal Information we collect through your download and use of the Unity Struckd App to provide, administer, operate and improve the Unity Struckd App and its related Services (together, “Services”). Specifically, we may use your Personal Information for the below purposes.
Providing the functionality of the Services and fulfilling your requests, including to:
To create, administer and troubleshoot accounts, Services we provide;
To provide technical support and respond to inquiries;
To prevent fraud, enforce the relevant terms of service or licenses, and protect Users.
We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, when we have your consent (e.g., when you are requesting for us to respond to you), and/ or when necessary for our legitimate interests (e.g., to respond to inquiries from customers and potential customers, for license enforcement and prevention of software piracy, to inform decisions around service offerings, and for operational improvements).
Providing you with our newsletter and/or other marketing materials and facilitating social sharing
To send you marketing related emails, with information about our services, new products and other news about our company;
To facilitate social sharing functionality that you choose to use.
We will engage in this activity with your consent or where we have a legitimate interest.
Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions.
We use this information to manage our contractual relationship with you, or in some cases, based on your consent or our legitimate interest.
Accomplishing our business purposes.
To perform analytics and research aimed at improving the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of the App;
For data analysis and testing, for example, to improve the efficiency of our App;
For App maintenance;
For reporting and hosting of data;
For audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements;
For fraud and security purposes, for example, monitoring to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft;
For the prevention of criminal activity or harm to users of our Services;
For developing new products and services;
For enhancing, improving, or modifying our current website(s), products and services and/or assisting our developers with this activity;
For identifying usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our website(s) and Services are of most interest to users;
For determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, so that we can adapt our campaigns to the needs and interests of our users or our publisher’s and other advertising customer’s users; and
For operating and expanding our business activities, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to our users or assisting our developers with this activity within their business so we can focus our and their energies and resources on meeting our users’ interests;
We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have your consent or a legitimate interest.
Analysis of Personal Information for business reporting and providing personalized services.
To analyze or predict our users’ preferences in order to prepare aggregated trend reports on how our App is used, so we can improve our website(s) and Services.
To better understand you, so that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with information and/or offers tailored to your interests.
To better understand your preferences so that we can deliver content via our website(s) and Services that we believe will be relevant and interesting to you.
We will perform analyses based on our legitimate interest. We will provide personalized services either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest.
Aggregating and/or anonymizing Personal Information.
We may aggregate and/or anonymize Personal Information so that it will no longer be considered Personal Information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose.
How we might share the information we collect or receive
To our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You can consult the list and location of our affiliates here:
https://unity3d.com/contact/addresses
To our third-party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us.
These can include providers of services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, marketing, mailing, surveys, auditing, and other services
To third parties, to permit them to send you marketing communications, consistent with your choices.
Ads: Depending on the version of the App you are using, we may utilize the data collected from the App to place personalized ads elsewhere. This usage will permit other parties, such as publishers and attribution companies, to learn about the devices that received, viewed or interacted with ads.
Third-party products and services: As discussed in our
Cookie Policy
and elsewhere, we may permit advertisers and their agents to use cookies or related technologies within the Service to store information on or read information from your browser or device so that they can optimize their advertising campaigns, including to frequency cap and deliver targeted ads.
To third-party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions.
By using the Services, you may elect to disclose Personal Information:
On message boards, chat, profile pages, blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and content (including, without limitation, our Social Media Pages). Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public and may be available to other users and the general public.
Through your social sharing activity. When you connect your Services account with your social media account, you will share information with your friends associated with your social media account, with other users, and with your social media account provider. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy
To comply with applicable law and regulations.
This can include laws outside your country of residence.
To cooperate with public and government authorities.
To respond to a request or to provide information we believe is important
These can include authorities outside your country of residence.
To cooperate with law enforcement.
For example, when we respond to law enforcement requests and orders or provide information we believe is important.
For other legal reasons.
To enforce our terms and conditions or licenses; and
To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
In connection with a sale or business transaction.
We have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your Personal Information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings)
Such third parties may include, for example, an acquiring entity and its advisors.
Accessing/ Updating/ Deleting Your Information
Subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights regarding the Processing of your Personal Data. We provide Users with a variety of ways to access and update their information (described below). For those with Struckd accounts described below, please send any requests or questions to
legal@struckd.com
Retention
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services);
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
Transfers out of Country of Collection
Unity has implemented and maintains a framework consistent with applicable law for transfers of data outside of the country of collection, including for transfers out of the EEA.
Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you understand that your information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country.  In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE EEA: Some of the non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available at:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en
). For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we have put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission to protect your Personal Information. You may obtain a copy of these measures by contacting
DPO@unity3d.com
.
Safeguards
We employ a variety of measures to safeguard the collection, transmission, and storage of the information we collect. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect, process, and store, and the current state of technology. Please note that no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of the information you share with us and we cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site or App, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Links to Other Sites
As a reminder, this statement only describes Unity’s practices with regards to the Unity Struckd
Please refer to Unity’s main
Privacy Policy
to understand our data processing activities with respect to your Unity account data, data collected as a result of your use of Unity Struckd App, and other data collected as a result of your use of Unity’s Site, Products or Services as well as your rights with respect to those activities.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to change our practices and this statement at any time. We may send an email or provide notice within some or all of our offerings when this statement changes. We encourage you to check this page regularly so that you know what our current practices are.
Contact Us
Unity Technologies S.F., located at 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact), is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com.
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
Privacy Rights
United States of America
If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, please see the Section titled “
Additional Information for Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia
”, below, for additional information on how we handle your Personal Information and the privacy requests you may make under applicable law.
Europe Privacy Rights
If you are a European Union resident, the
General Data Protection Regulation
provides certain rights to you with respect to your personal data. Where Unity is a data controller, you have the following rights:
Right to Access
– You have the right to request Unity provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Right to Rectification (Correction)
– You have the right to request Unity to correct any information about you that you believe is incorrect.  You also have the right to request Unity to complete information about you that you believe is incorrect.
Right to Erasure (Deletion)
– You have the right to request Unity to erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
Right to Restrict Processing
– You have the right to request Unity to restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
Right to Object to Processing
– You have the right to object to Unity’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
Right to Data Portability
– You have the right to request Unity to transfer your personal data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
In addition, where our processing activities in respect of your Personal Data are subject to the GDPR, you may lodge a complaint with a European Union supervisory authority. If you do have a complaint, we would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before approaching your supervisory body, so please contact us at
dpo@unity3d.com
if you wish to discuss any complaint. You can find your supervisory authority
here
.
Canada Privacy Rights
The
Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
provides certain rights with respect to your personal data, such as:
Right to Access
– You have the right to request Unity provide you with a copy of your personal data.
Right to Rectification (Correction)
– You have the right to request Unity to correct any information about you that you believe is incorrect.  You also have the right to request Unity to complete information about you that you believe is incorrect.
Brazil Privacy Rights
The
Brazilian General Data Protection Act
provides you the right to:
Confirm Unity’s processing of your data;
Access your data;
Correct your incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated data;
Request anonymization, blocking or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data or of data processed in noncompliance with the Brazilian General Data Protection Act;
Port your data to other service providers or suppliers of products;
Delete your personal data when processed with your consent;
Obtain information on the public and private entities with whom Unity shared your data;
Obtain information on the possibility of not providing consent and on the consequences of the denial;
Revoke your consent to the processing of your data when we seek your consent; and
Lodge complaints before data protection authorities.
Israel Privacy Rights
The
Israel Protection of Privacy Law 5741-1981
: Any information provided by you is on a voluntary basis with no legal requirement to do so, but if you refuse to provide such information we may not be able to provide you with the Services. According to the Protection of Privacy Law, each person is entitled to inspect, either himself or through a representative authorized by him in writing or his guardian, any information about him kept in a database.
To exercise the above rights, email
legal@struckd.com
.
Additional Information for Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia
Collection, Disclosure, Sharing, and Sale of Personal Information
The following chart details which categories of Personal Information we collect and process, as well as which categories of Personal Information we disclose to third parties for our operational business purposes, including within the 12 months preceding the date this Privacy Policy was last updated. The chart also details the categories of Personal Information that we “sell” or “share” for purposes of cross-context behavioral or targeted advertising, including within the preceding 12 months. You may view our CCPA Transparency Report at
https://unity.com/legal/privacy-report
. This report provides details on our responses to requests to access, delete or opt-out under CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Shared with Which Categories of Third Parties for Cross-Context Behavioral or Targeted Advertising
Sold to Which Categories of Third Parties
Identifiers
, such as name, signature, contact information, online identifiers, and government-issued ID numbers
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
ad networks; marketing partners; social networks
ad networks; marketing partners
Personal information as defined in the California customer records law
, such as name, contact information, payment card number, financial information, medical information, insurance information, education information, employment information, and government-issued ID numbers
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
none
none
Characteristics of protected classifications
under California or federal law, such as sex, age, race, disability, and marital status
affiliates; service providers; legal authorities
none
none
Commercial Information
, such as transaction information and purchase history
affiliates; service providers; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
none
none
Biometric information
, such as scans of hand and face geometry
n/a
n/a
n/a
Internet or network activity information
, such as browsing history and interactions with our Services
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
ad networks; marketing partners
ad networks; marketing partners
Geolocation Data
, such as approximate location derived from IP address
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
ad networks; marketing partners
ad networks; marketing partners
Audio/Video Data
. Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information, such as call and video recordings
N/A
N/A
N/A
Education Information
subject to the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act such as student records, directory information
N/A
N/A
N/A
Employment Information.
Professional or employment-related information, such as work history and prior employer
affiliates; service providers; legal authorities
none
none
Inferences
drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences or characteristics
affiliates; service providers; ad networks; social networks; marketing partners; contest sponsors; legal authorities
ad networks; marketing partners
ad networks; marketing partners
Sensitive Personal Information.
Personal Information that reveals an individual’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, citizenship, immigration status, or union membership; the contents of mail, email, and text messages unless Unity is the intended recipient of the communication; genetic data;
The processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual;
Personal Information collected and analyzed concerning an individual’s health;
Personal Information collected and analyzed concerning an individual’s sex life or sexual orientation;
Personal Information collected from a known child.
affiliates; service providers;  legal authorities
none
none
Individual Requests
Subject to applicable law, you may make the following requests:
You may request to know whether we process your Personal Information, and to access such Personal Information.
If you are a California resident, you may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting  or sharing Personal Information about you;
The categories of Personal Information about you that we shared (as defined under the applicable privacy law) and the categories of third parties to whom we shared such Personal Information; and
The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise disclosed, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such Personal Information (if applicable).
You may request to correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information;
You may request to have your Personal Information deleted;
You may request to receive a copy of your Personal Information, including specific pieces of Personal Information, including, where applicable, to obtain a copy of the Personal Information you provided to us in a portable format;
You may request to opt out of the “sale” of your Personal Information; and
You may request to opt out of targeted advertising, including the “sharing” of your Personal Information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising.
Please note that Unity has placed a
California Notice of Rights
on its website to explain how California residents may exercise their privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. This notice is incorporated into this policy.
We will not unlawfully discriminate against you for exercising your rights under applicable privacy law.  To make a privacy request, please contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
or Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103. We will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the Personal Information subject to the request.  We may need to request additional Personal Information from you, such as your email or account information, such as email address/ device type/ device ID where applicable, in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests.  If you make a request to delete, we may ask you to confirm your request before we delete your Personal Information.
To request to opt out of any future sale of your Personal Information, or to opt out of any future sharing of your Personal Information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising or any future processing for purposes of targeted advertising, click
here
:
We do not knowingly sell or share the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Appeal Process
If you are a Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut consumer, and we refuse to take action on your request, you may appeal our refusal within a reasonable period after you have received notice of the refusal.  You may file an appeal by contacting us
DPO@unity3d.com
or Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103.
Authorized Agents
If an agent would like to make a request on your behalf as permitted under applicable law, the agent may use the submission methods noted in the section entitled “Individual Requests.”  As part of our verification process, we may request that the agent provide, as applicable, proof concerning his or her status as an authorized agent.  In addition, we may require that you verify your identity as described in the section entitled “Individual Requests” or confirm that you provided the agent permission to submit the request.
If you are a game player, we will not have a way to locate records about you outside of an app using Unity’s software, but you may direct your reports to be sent to your representative once you have verified your identity inside of the app. Unity account holders may also send data reports obtained through your account directly to your representative.  You need only to provide their email or mailing address instead of your own when ordering.
De-Identified Information
Where we maintain or use de-identified information, we will continue to maintain and use the de-identified information only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify the information.
Providing Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes:
California residents have the right to request the identity of any third parties to whom the resident’s Personal Information was provided, if such provision was to enable the third party’s direct marketing efforts. If you are a California resident and wish to make such a request, please submit your request to
DPO@unity3d.com
. Alternatively, you may opt-out of having your personal information shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, by emailing us at
DPO@unity3d.com
.
How we respond to “Do Not Track” signals:
We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our Services. We do not, however, recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations, and solutions. To learn more about Do Not Track signals, you can visit allaboutdnt.com.
Removal of content
Pursuant to California Business & Professions Code section 22581, if you are a resident of California, under 18, and a registered user of the Services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Services by writing to
DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
Version 9
Struckd AG
support@struckd.com
© Copyright 2021 Struckd