Privacy Policy - FTX Games
Home
About
Contact
Cookie Policy
Criminal Minds
End User License Agreement
Games
Home
Mhmm Menu Layout Loader
Narcos
Open Source Discloser
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Publishing
Star Trek
Terms
The Walking Dead Slots
Featured Jobs
Jobs
Uncategorized
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for Apple Arcade
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) explains how Tilting Point Media LLC (referred to as “Tilting Point”, “we”, “us”, or “our” in this Policy) collects, stores, uses, or otherwise processes the personal data of end users of our games for Apple Arcade (“
Games for Apple Arcade
”) (referred to as “you” or “your” in this Policy), and what rights you have if we are processing your personal data.
We use the term “
your data
” or “
personal data
” to refer to data that relates to you as an identified or identifiable individual (such as your name or email address), including non-personal data that can be combined with other data to potentially identify you. You must read and accept this Policy before accessing or using our Games for Apple Arcade so that you are aware of how and why we may use data relating to you.
DATA CONTROLLER
By “data controller”, we mean an entity that determines how and why personal data is processed. With regard to the personal data we process as described in this Policy, we are the data controller. Our company name is Tilting Point Media LLC. Our address is 521 Fifth Avenue Floor 21, New York, NY 10175, USA. While operating the Games for Apple Arcade, we may share your data with partners we work with. Some of these partners are data controllers independently of us and, therefore, independently determine how and why they process your data. For more information on these partners and why we may share your data with them, please refer to section 6 of this Policy.
CONTACT INFORMATION
In matters related to this Policy, you can reach us by email at
privacy@tiltingpoint.com
. You can also reach us by mail at 521 Fifth Avenue Floor 21 New York, NY 10175, USA.
WHAT DATA DO WE PROCESS?
We collect limited information about you in our Games for Apple Arcade. We collect:
(a) Game Profile Information
During your gameplay experience, the Game for Apple Arcade will generate non-personal information about your Game for Apple Arcade experience. This information cannot be used by us to identify you. This information is stored locally on your device and may also be saved to Apple’s servers in accordance with terms governing your relationship with Apple. This information will not be transferred to our servers without your permission. We call this your “Game Profile”.
(b) Email address for customer support
If you choose to contact customer support, your communication to us will be sent via email or our
support site
. Our customer support platform will store your email address so we can reply to your message.
4.WHY DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA AND ON WHAT BASIS?
When we process or collect your data, we ensure that we have a legal basis to do so. Below, you can find examples of the different purposes for which we process your data and the legal basis we have for each of those reasons.
To perform our contract with you (e.g. the license we grant to you to use our Games for Apple Arcade in accordance with the
Terms of Service
), we may process your data as necessary to:
create and maintain an account for you in our Games for Apple Arcade where applicable, and track your performance in Games for Apple Arcade,
enable you to play our Games for Apple Arcade,
provide the correct version of our Games for Apple Arcade to you (for example, selecting an appropriate language version for you),
where available, provide social features (for example, clans, matchmaking, or leaderboards) or events in our Games for Apple Arcade, or
handle your support requests or otherwise manage our relationship with you.
Based on our legitimate interest to constantly improve and promote our Games for Apple Arcade, we may process your data to:
operate and maintain our Games for Apple Arcade (for example, by making sure our Games for Apple Arcade are secure and function as intended).
Based on our legitimate interest to make sure our Games for Apple Arcade are a fair and safe environment for all users and for our business, we may process your data to:
moderate and monitor the use of our Games for Apple Arcade (including any messages sent through the Games for Apple Arcade), either automatically or manually,
ensure that our
Terms of Service
are followed,
detect, investigate, or prevent fraud or fraudulent or otherwise unauthorized behavior,
audit our operations or processes (for example, to verify that they function as intended and according to regulatory or contractual requirements),
establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations,
comply with legal obligations which apply to us (including accounting and tax requirements and requirements to provide information to competent authorities upon due request), or
protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another person.
WHERE DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA FROM?
We may collect data relating to you from the following sources:
directly from you when you submit it to us (for example, when registering an account with us, subscribing to our communications, sending support enquiries to us, or responding to our surveys),
directly from you and/or your device by automatic means when you use our Games for Apple Arcade,
with your consent, from other sources explained to you when asking for your consent.
Providing data to us is not mandatory. However, we are unable to provide the Games for Apple Arcade, or some parts or features of the Games for Apple Arcade, without processing your data. If you use our Games for Apple Arcade, we will collect data relating to you for some or all of the purposes described in this Policy, depending on the Games for Apple Arcade you decide to use and your choices when using them.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?
We may share your data with third parties to achieve the purposes described in this Policy. This may include sharing data with the following types of recipients:
other companies in the Tilting Point group (which includes our parents and subsidiaries) or our Game or Games for Apple Arcade related affiliates, for example where they help us develop or operate our Games or other Games for Apple Arcade;
persons or companies outside of the Tilting Point group that provide services to us and process data on our behalf when providing those services (for example, providers of hosting services, customer support software providers, services that add functionality to the Games for Apple Arcade, or other services that help us develop and operate our Games for Apple Arcade);
prospective or actual buyers or investors (including their agents or advisors) in the context of a planned or actual acquisition, merger, or other business restructuring,
competent courts of law or other government authorities where disclosure is necessary as a matter of applicable law or regulation,
any person or entity where we believe disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights or to protect your or another person’s vital interests, or
with any other person or entity with your consent.
In addition, please consider that some information you submit or make available through the Games for Apple Arcade may be visible to other users of our Games for Apple Arcade. This typically applies to, for example, your public profile information in our Games
for Apple Arcade
(such as your in-game alias), your chat messages in our Games
for Apple Arcade
, and information used to provide social features such as clans or leaderboards. We encourage you to carefully consider what information you wish to share in this manner.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
We will keep your data for as long as necessary to achieve the purpose(s) for which it was collected, including to provide you with the Games for Apple Arcade or to comply with any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. We may periodically delete or de-identify inactive accounts or other data in our Games for Apple Arcade. After the applicable retention period, we will either delete or de-identify your data or, if neither deletion or de-identification is possible (for example, due to data being stored on a backup server), isolate your data from further processing until deletion or de-identification is possible. We may continue to use data that is not identifiable to you (for example, aggregate data).
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA SECURE?
We have adopted measures to provide your data a level of security appropriate for the degree of risk involved with the data processing activities described in this Policy. These measures are designed to protect your data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, or alteration as well as unauthorized disclosure or access. The specific measures we employ vary depending on the sensitivity of the data, but typically include, for example, encryption, pseudonymization of identifying data where feasible, physical and technological controls to limit access to services or systems that contain personal data, and maintaining procedures to handle any suspected security incidents.
YOUR RIGHTS
With respect to our processing of your data, you may:
access, correct, or request the deletion of your data,
request us to restrict our processing of your data,
object to our use of your data for direct marketing purposes,
be informed about which third parties have received your data,
request a copy in machine-readable format of the personal data we have collected from you pursuant to this Policy,
where technically feasible, request that your data is transmitted to another controller.
You may also withdraw your consent
for processing your data at any time. Please be aware that we may continue processing your data despite your withdrawal of consent, if we also have another lawful basis for doing so. To access your data in our Games for Apple Arcade or to request its deletion, please contact us at
privacy@tiltingpoint.com
. In case we share any marketing communications with you, you may choose to unsubscribe from them by using the unsubscribe link provided in the messages we send. The unsubscribe link is typically found at the end of the message.
To exercise any of your rights, you may also contact us at
privacy@tiltingpoint.com
. To fulfill requests submitted by email, we may need to confirm your identity to verify your right to make the request, which may involve requesting additional information from you. For example, we may ask you to provide sufficiently detailed information about the account to which the request relates to enable us to confirm that you are the account holder or acting on their behalf.
While we will usually not do so, we reserve the right to charge you an appropriate fee for the exercise of your rights where permitted by applicable laws and regulations. If you believe that we have infringed your privacy rights, please contact us so that we can try to resolve the issue. However, if you are an EU resident, you have
the right to lodge a complaint w
ith your
local supervisory authority
.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
Tilting Point is a company based in the United States and, in order to provide you the Games for Apple Arcade, your data will be transferred to the US for processing and will be stored on Amazon Web Services. Since the United States is considered a country that does not ensure “an adequate level of protection,” according to the art. 45 of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), Tilting Point relies on specific appropriate safeguards for safe transfer provided in the art. 46 of the GDPR. Namely, Tilting Point collects and transfers your data to the United States only due to the following circumstance: because we entered into a contract with the Amazon Web Services, incorporating standard data protection clauses.
NOTE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, please be aware that under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“
CCPA
”), you are entitled to receive specific information on how we process your data, which we have included in this Policy. You also have specific rights to your data, including the right  not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
Under the CCPA, a business is required to provide notice to a consumer before the business sells the consumer’s personal information to third parties. The CCPA defines a “sale” as not only exchanges for monetary consideration, but also Disclosures of personal information for other valuable consideration. We do not sell your personal information.
12. AGE LIMIT
By accepting our
Terms of Service
and using our Games for Apple Arcade
, you represent that you are at least 13 years of age. Therefore, if you are under 13 years of age, please do not provide your personal data (including your name, address, telephone number, or email address) to us or use the Games for Apple Arcade to make your personal data available to others. If we discover that we unintentionally hold personal data relating to a user under 13 years of age, we will promptly delete the data from our records. If you have reason to believe we hold personal data relating to a user under 13 years of age, please contact us.
13. CONTROLLING LANGUAGE
This Policy may be provided as a courtesy in multiple languages, however, the English language version of this Policy shall control in the event of any ambiguity between the English version and a version provided in another language.
14. CHANGES
We may update this Policy from time to time, for example due to changes in our operations or the legal obligations that apply to us. Updates will be made available here. We may also inform you of any changes by other means that are appropriate to the significance of the changes.
© 2022 FTX Games & © Tilting Point. All rights reserved.
Terms
|
Privacy
|
Media
Tilting Point © 2022. All Rights Reserved.
×
By clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyzing site usage, and assisting in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Notice
Accept All Cookies
Customize Settings
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Viewed_cookie_policy:
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not the user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
JSESSIONID:
Used by sites written in JSP. General-purpose platform session cookie that is used to maintain users’ state across page requests.
Advertisement
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE:
This cookie is set by Youtube. Used to track the information of the embedded YouTube videos on a website.
IDE:
Used by Google DoubleClick to store information about how the user uses the website and any other advertisement before visiting the website. This cookie is used to present users with ads that are relevant to them according to the user profile.
bscookie:
Secure browser ID cookie.
Analytics
GPS:
This cookie is set by Youtube and registers a unique ID for tracking users based on their geographical location.
_ga – Google Analytics:
This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session, and campaign data for the site’s analytics reports.
Performance
YSC:
This cookie is set by Youtube and is used to track the views of embedded videos.
Preferences
lang:
This cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time the user visits the website.
Functional
bcookie:
This cookie is set by LinkedIn. The purpose of the cookie is to enable LinkedIn functionalities on the page.
lidc:
This cookie is set by LinkedIn and used for routing.
Save & Accept
Sign Up to Stay Up to Date for Criminal Minds Mobile Game
We use cookies to optimize your experience
I Understand
I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Accept
SUBMIT
Thank you!
By providing your email you consent to FTX Games solely contacting you about the availability of the Criminal Minds mobile game. Your email address will not be used for any further marketing or promotional purposes. Required.
By checking the box above I affirm that I am at least 18 years or older. Required.
By checking the box above I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Required.
You understand that we use cookies to optimize your experience in the site. By ticking this box, you agree to allow us to use cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Sign Up to Stay Up to Date forThe Walking Dead Slots Mobile Game
We use cookies to optimize your experience
I Understand
I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Accept
SUBMIT
Thank you!
By providing your email you consent to FTX Games solely contacting you about the availability of the The Walking Dead Slots Mobile Game. Your email address will not be used for any further marketing or promotional purposes. Required.
By checking the box above I affirm that I am at least 18 years or older. Required.
By checking the box above I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Required.
You understand that we use cookies to optimize your experience in the site. By ticking this box, you agree to allow us to use cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Sign Up to Stay Up to Date forThe Breaking Bad Mobile Game
We use cookies to optimize your experience
I Understand
I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Accept
SUBMIT
Thank you!
By providing your email you consent to FTX Games solely contacting you about the availability of the The Walking Dead Slots Mobile Game. Your email address will not be used for any further marketing or promotional purposes. Required.
By checking the box above I affirm that I am at least 18 years or older. Required.
By checking the box above I accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Required.
You understand that we use cookies to optimize your experience in the site. By ticking this box, you agree to allow us to use cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.