Privacy Policy | Game Mavericks
Privacy Policy | Game Mavericks
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Game Mavericks collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://www.gamemavericks.com website (“Site”) or or any our game provided on a mobile platform (for example, Apple’s iOS App Store, Google’s Play Store, and Amazon’s App Store) (collectively, the "Service"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Game Mavericks.
Information We may Collect and Sources of Information
We collect several categories of information:
Information You give to us
Technically gathered information when You use our Services
Information from third parties (such as Facebook and Twitter) in relation to our service.
We may collect information that You give to us, for example when You sign up to use our Services (in the Service or via third party login/connect). This information may include your name, unique username, pictures of yourself, e-mail address, date of birth, phone number.
We may use technical means to collect information about You when You use our Services. This information may include your Internet Protocol address, time of your requests or actions in the service, mobile device ID, hardware type and operating system version, operating system, access times, browser type and language, location based on Internet Protocol (“IP”) address or Global Positioning System (GPS), advertising ID, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), your device name, your email address (if You have connected e.g. to Facebook or Google+), and referring website addresses.
We may allow You to connect the Service to your social media account(s) such as through Facebook Connect, Apple’s Game Center or any other third party service to obtain information about You when You consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Game Mavericks and, consequently Game Mavericks may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits to make that information available. In such case we may collect Personal Information, such as your user ID, name, e-mail address, and profile picture that are available in your public profile with such third party, and content such as posts, comments, media, and applications. You may be able to control the types of personal data available in the profile of such third party services by adjusting the privacy settings available therein.
Game Mavericks may collect non-personal information on Users’ activities in the Services, such as the amount of levels completed and the length of time played, interactions with other players and other interactions with a game or website.
In order to improve the Services Game Mavericks may collect and use non-personal information. Game Mavericks may also use third party service providers to collect and use non-personal information. Information such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the Site, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the type of operating system used in the devices used to access. You may decline the collection and storage of your data in the future and opt out at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
In addition to, as an element of the Services, we also use other third party data analytics service providers, such as Google Analytics, Flurry, Game Analytics, Facebook Audience Network, which help us analyze and improve our games. The data collected by data analytics service providers enables us to understand usage of the Services. Usage information and Personal Information are stored by such service providers and are subject to their privacy policies. The current list of data analytics service providers We use in connection with the Services can be requested from Us at any time by contacting Us at support(at)gamemavericks.com
We may feature advertising within the Services, and may employ third party technologies to collect information in the Services. If You wish to “opt out” of certain targeted advertising, You can visit http://www.youradchoices.com and/or www.networkadvertising.org. Please note that the links above may not reach all of our advertising partners and certain targeted advertising may still be displayed to You.
Information collected related advertising networks shall be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the third-party providing applicable technology. If You want to be sure that no targeted advertisements will be displayed to You please do not use or access the Services. In addition, please note that if You “opt out” of targeted advertising, You will still receive advertising that is not personalized to You.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Game Mavericks may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Your Rights
You have the following rights, in certain circumstances, in relation to your personal information:
Right to access your personal information.
Right to rectify your personal information: you can request that we update, block or delete your personal data, if the data is incomplete, outdated, incorrect, unlawfully received or no longer relevant for the purpose of processing.
Right to restrict the use of your personal information.
Right to request that your personal information is erased.
Right to object to processing of your personal information.
Right to data portability (in certain specific circumstances).
Right not to be subject to an automated decision.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
You also have a right to independently remove personal information on your account and make changes and corrections to your information, provided that such changes and corrections contain up-to-date and true information. You can also view an overview of the information we hold about you.
If you would like to exercise these rights, please send your request to us support@gamemavericks.com. We will aim to respond to you within 30 days from receipt of request. We will need to verify your identity before we are able to disclose any personal data to you.
Changes to this privacy policy
Game Mavericks has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Game Mavericks
http://www.gamemavericks.com
support@gamemavericks.com