Privacy Policy for Action Hive
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Action Hive
Privacy Policy for Action Hive
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
March 04, 2022
At Action Hive, accessible from actionhive11@gmail.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Action Hive and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Action Hive. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent:
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Information we collect:
Collected automatically by us or our service providers:
Data about your game progress & account
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other Service
Data about your device, such as device name, model and operating system, screen resolution, browser type, country and language settings, internet provider, cellular net operator, network type
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers, such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, geo-location, IMEI
Data obtained through third parties, such as your social network ID, application store ID (Google Play Store, App Store), social network name, email, and friends list obtained through social accounts (Facebook, Google, VK, etc.).
What we use the information for:
Player experience improvement, development, and customization
Timely notification & related information delivery, such as support messages, updates, and security alerts
Service security maintenance
Monitoring of Service usage
Ads personalization
Improvement of the advertisements presented to you in accordance with your online behavior
Analysis of the advertisements effectiveness & their according tailoring
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.
How we use your information
Log Files
Action Hive follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Action Hive uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
For more general information on cookies, please read
"Cookies" article from the Privacy Policy Generator
.
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL –
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
We're committed to keeping your information secure by any means available, therefore, we've taken appropriate steps & measures according to industry standards, including, where suitable, encryption, to ensure that your personal data & transactions are protected from unauthorized access, misuse or modification.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Advertising Partners Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Action Hive.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Action Hive, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Action Hive has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Action Hive's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
·
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
·
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
·
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
·
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
·
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Action Hive does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Popular posts from this blog
Privacy Policy Letter
September 21, 2018
Updated date:June 5,2020 (can be change at any time)  Action Hive operates the website and the Action Hive mobile application (the "Service").   This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Action Hive is managed through  Free Privacy Policy .   We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.   Information Collection And Use   We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.   Types of Data Collected   Personal Data   While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable informat
Read more
Privacy Policy for Action Hive
March 02, 2022
At Action Hive , accessible from actionhive11@gmail.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Action Hive and how we use it. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Action Hive. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website. Consent: By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms. Information we collect: Collected automatically by us or our service providers: Data about your game progress & account Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other Service Data about your device, such as de
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Action Hive
Visit profile
Archive
March 2022
2
September 2018
1
Report Abuse