Luizapp Games
HOME
Privacy
Support
Privacy Policy
User License
Use License
Name City Online Membership Privacy and User Agreement
Name City Online (game) is a mobile device and Facebook game produced by Luizapp under the name "Luizapp Games" Game. By downloading, installing and/or becoming a member of the game, you agree that you have read and understood what is written here, and that you will comply with the terms of use and applicable laws. Terms such as "you", "your", "yours" are used for users. Terms such as "Name City Online", "us", "our", "ours" are used for "Luizapp Games". The plural uses of these terms also refer to the parties mentioned.
1. Introduction
              All content, materials, documents, information, graphics, designs, products, software, updates, patches and services of our sites, including but not limited to the game, are legally protected by relevant treaties and intellectual / artistic works laws. Those who try to access the game and its websites assume responsibility for this and undertake to comply with the laws regarding Internet, data transfer, e-mail and privacy without restriction. In the event that the game, websites and materials are used in violation of the terms of use specified here, the game makers have the right to terminate your Name City Online game account and cancel your membership without prior notice.
2. Terms of Use
              The use of the Game downloaded from our Sites, any application or code, files, images created with or integrated into the code, data accompanying the Game, updates, patches and other elements of the Game, including but not limited to, are defined by the terms of use set forth herein. Accessing or downloading the game and related applications in no way gives you ownership or any intellectual property rights to the Game and applications. Name City Online is a game played over the Internet and with the help of game servers. Therefore, your Internet connection must be active in order to play the game. The game developer cannot be held responsible for delays and/or interruptions in Internet connections that may arise from service providers and/or infrastructure. In case of data loss due to technical failures, loss of rights that may occur due to problems in accessing the game and services, the game owners agree to make efforts to solve the problems, but they do not guarantee compensation for the losses under all circumstances. When the developers detect people who use the game for other than the purpose of the game, they can impose penalties or remove them completely from the game. Each player is obliged to abide by the game rules and the decisions taken by the developers to organize the game. The game software is constantly being changed and updated by the developers. During these updates, the software may be changed to such an extent that the capacity of some devices is not sufficient to operate. In such cases, the software may not work on the device. Although the developers agree to make efforts to solve the problems that occur, they cannot be held responsible for the loss of rights you may experience if you cannot log in to the game. It is against the terms of use to try to solve the communication between the game software and game servers by backward engineering methods, listen, change, redirect to other servers, simulate game servers, establish and / or operate other game servers. The game developer has the right to initiate all kinds of legal proceedings against persons and institutions engaged in such activities. In-game chat (chat) areas; Making correspondence in violation of Turkish laws, publishing pornographic content, disturbing other players with slang words or inappropriate pictures, and harassing other players is against the terms of use. Responsibility for all kinds of writing and behavior belongs to the owner. Users who engage in this type of behavior may be temporarily and/or permanently blocked from accessing the game by the game developer and authorized persons. The game developer or the authorized persons have the right to examine the correspondence, if deemed necessary, in order to detect violations of the rules. If your account is blocked or terminated for any reason, you can request the transfer of your in-game features to another game account by paying a fee, if any. "Luizapp Games" reserves the right to change the content and price of the products sold in the game. Features that have started to be used through purchase are non-refundable. In case the official authorities request due to legal obligations, the internet address and in-game correspondence used by Name City Online players to access the game can be shared with the competent authorities. In the Name City Online game, in-app advertisements are displayed in the form of a full page and/or banner. Users can turn off ads using the in-app purchase options if they wish. User registration information is never shared with advertising companies. In the Name City Online game, in-app advertisements are displayed in the form of a full page and/or banner. Users can turn off ads using the in-app purchase options if they wish. User registration information is never shared with advertising companies. In the Name City Online game, in-app advertisements are displayed in the form of a full page and/or banner. Users can turn off ads using the in-app purchase options if they wish. User registration information is never shared with advertising companies.
3. Warnings
              Notices that include, but are not limited to, changes in terms of use or other rules; can be done via e-mail, regular mail or warning links on the sites. Terms of use are subject to change without notice to you. You must periodically review the terms of use to ensure that you act accordingly. In addition, while using some applications and services, you may have to comply with the rules specific to those applications and services that are shown or sent to you from time to time. All these terms and rules are hereby deemed incorporated into the terms of use set forth herein.
4. License Right
              Downloading, trialing, purchasing and/or subscribing to a game gives you; grants you an individual, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-commercial use license. You agree that the games and applications are protected by copyright laws and that the intellectual property belongs to the owner. In this context, you agree and undertake not to reproduce, sub-license, commercially use, create derivative works of the Game, applications or material in any way. You agree and undertake that you will not modify or misuse the game, its logos, trademarks and any other material owned by the game developer that is protected by intellectual property rights.
5. Personal Information and Privacy Policy
              The information you provide during registration or on the site provides you with a better service. Your personal information, chat and game history are stored on our servers with high security. This information is used only for statistical purposes and is not shared with the players themselves and/or other third parties in any way (Confidentiality is essential, except for the cases that require legal intervention in the Terms of Use section)
Home
Privacy
Support