Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
GameNexa
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Privacy
Policy
This
privacy policy will govern the use of the Application and associated
Service(s) developed/provided by GameNexa Studio Pvt. Ltd. (here in
after referred to as "We"or “Company”), a Private
Company Limited and having its place of business at Hyderabad.
Any
person (here in after referred to as "You") using the
Application shall be governed by this Privacy Policy. By agreeing to
use the Application and accepting the Terms and Conditions before
installing the Application, You agree to abide by this Privacy
Policy.
Accounts
and membership
You
must be at least 18 years of age to use this Game. By using this Game
and by agreeing to this Agreement you warrant and represent that you
are at least 18 years of age. If you create an account in the Game,
you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and
you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the
account and any other actions taken in connection with it. Providing
false contact information of any kind may result in the termination
of your account. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized
uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not
be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of
any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Collection
of Information
We
collect Personal and Non-personal information from You to allow You
the usage of our Application. Each time You use our Application,
non-personal information, such as Your Internet Protocol address(s),
the address of the last URL you visited prior to accessing our
website, your browser and platform type, your browser language and so
on may be collected by us. We may also collect personal information
such as your name, address, company information, area of interest,
e-mail address and so on for giving you access to the Application and
may display the same information on the Application for purposes of
enabling your transaction.
Advertisements
During
use of the Game, you may enter into correspondence with or
participate in promotions of advertisers or sponsors showing their
goods or services through the Game. Any such activity, and any terms,
conditions, warranties or representations associated with such
activity, is solely between you and the applicable third-party. We
shall have no liability, obligation or responsibility for any such
correspondence, purchase or promotion between you and any such
third-party.
Changes
and amendments
We
reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its policies relating
to the Game or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an
updated version of this Agreement in the Game. When we do, we will
revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of
the Game after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such
changes.
Security
and Confidentiality
We
understand and recognize that privacy is very important. We take all
the reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the
information disclosed by You and will not disclose the information on
any other forum other than Application and website and server
associated thereof. We provide creation of password-protected
account, which can be accessed only by You. We advise You to not
share Your password with any other person and always log out before
closing the browser window.
Third
Party Disclosure
We
will not disclose any of Your information to any third parties unless
we are bound by law to do so. We may however disclose it to our
trusted service providers or suppliers who help us in providing
Service(s) to You.
Disclosure
of Certain Information
In
certain cases where we are bound by the provisions of law to disclose
certain information to a law enforcing agency or to a court of law,
or in cases where we are directed by a competent law enforcing agency
to carry out an investigation into to the activities on your account,
we may do so without a notice to you. Such disclosure or
investigation will not amount to breach of any privacy obligations on
our part.
Additional
Policies and Information About the Service and Service Features
This
section contains additional policies and information about the
Service and Service features including geographic coverage
information, billing policies, and pricing and payment terms.
Billing
Policies
If
you elect to use features of the Service that have charges or
subscriptions (“Subscription Features”) you agree to the pricing
and payment terms and that we may update them from time to time.
Company may add new features for additional fees and charges, or
amend fees and charges for existing services, at any time in its sole
discretion. Any change to our pricing or payment terms shall become
effective in the billing cycle following notice of such change to you
as provided in this Agreement.
Pricing
and Payment Terms
Payment
methods
Company
accepts credit and debit cards issued through VISA, MasterCard,
American Express, and Discover.Company also accepts in-app payments
such as from third parties like Apple or Google. Company requires
that you provide the security code for your debit or credit card to
help protect against the unauthorized use of your card by other
persons. The security code is an individual three- or four-digit
number specific to your card that may be printed on the face of your
card above the embossed account number (if American Express), or on
the back of your card, on the signature panel (if Visa, or
MasterCard). In the event that Company is unable to charge the card
you have provided (e.g., expired credit card), Company will send you
a notice to update your card information. You will have a 14-day
grace period to update your billing information. If the account is
not updated within the 14-day grace period,Company will terminate
your subscription.
Pricing
Changes
Prices
for Subscription Features may change from time to time, in Company’s
sole discretion. If they do, and you currently have Subscription
Features, Company will provide you with notice of the change through
the Service or in email to you, at Company’s option, at least 30
days before the change is to take effect. Your continued use of the
Subscription Features after price changes become effective
constitutes your agreement to pay the changed amount. If you do not
agree to the new prices, please follow the instructions in the
“Closing Your Account” section below. You (and not Company) are
responsible for any charges or fees payable to third parties in
connection with the Service, such as ambulances and other emergency
responders.
No
Refunds
You
may cancel your account at any time; however, there are no refunds
for any unused time on a subscription, any license or subscription
fees for any portion of the Service, any content or data associated
with your account, or for anything else. Upon cancelling any
Subscription Features, your subscription will be valid until your
paid period is completed.
Payment
Information ; Taxes
All
information that you provide in connection with a purchase or
transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the
Service must be accurate, complete, and current. You agree to pay all
charges incurred by users of your credit card, debit card, or other
payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or
other monetary transaction interaction with the Service at the prices
in effect when such charges are incurred. You will pay any applicable
taxes, if any, relating to any such purchases, transactions or other
monetary transaction interactions.
Battery
Usage
Use
of the Service or Service features that require the use of Mobile
Software may use a significant amount of power from the battery of
any device that the Mobile Software is installed on. You may wish to
limit your use of these or other services on your device to the times
when they are necessary (e.g., you may want to turn off certain
Service features when you are not driving, or you may want to turn
off other applications and services when you are driving), or where
possible, you might wish to keep your phone plugged into a power
source.
Contact
If
you have a query, which was not addressed in this Privacy Policy, you
may contact us or at the following address:
GameNexa
Studio Pvt. Ltd,
1st
Floor,1-98/9/C5, Plot No. 1, Survey No. 72, Near, Image Gardens Rd,
VIP Hills, Jaihind Enclave, Madhapur, Hyderabad, Telangana
500081
Tel:+91-40-40212298,
Email:Gamenexastudio@gmail.com
New
versions of the privacy policy may be updated from time to time.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Powered by Blogger