Privacy Policy
SENYUK Privacy Policy
SENYUK develops and publishes social games, profecional software, websites and applications for the web and mobile device.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit Network Advertising Initiative. The NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) is a cooperative group of ad serving providers. The NAI has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere. The NAI is committed to provide consumers with clear explanations of Internet advertising practices and how they affect you and the Internet generally. For more information about the NAI, third party ad servers generally, and the opt-out opportunities available through the NAI, visit Network Advertising Initiative.
When you use a Service, you agree to be bound by all of the terms, conditions and restrictions in this Privacy Policy. Please read them carefully. Each of the Services has its own specific Privacy Policy, and if you download, access, or use a Service, you agree to also be bound by its specific Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY SERVICE.
This website uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when visiting this site. These third parties may collect and use information (but not your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, you can visit Google's Advertising and Privacy page.
If you wish to opt out of Advertising companies tracking and tailoring advertisements to your surfing patterns you may do so at Network Advertising Initiative.
Google uses the Doubleclick DART cookie to serve ads across it's Adsense network and you can get further information regarding the DART cookie at Doubleclick as well as opt out options at Google's Privacy Center
SENYUK respects your privacy and is committed to safeguarding your privacy while online at this site http://www.SENYUK.com. The following discloses how SENYUK gathers and disseminates information for this website.
Information we collect about you as a user of the service
When you use any Service, you may also get access to its online community within that Service and you allow SENYUK to access certain information about you. The information you allow SENYUK to access varies by application, and it is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish in that application. You can control and find out more about these settings within the application. For example, SENYUK may access and store some or all of the following information:
    Your in-Service username
Your device's MAC address
Social network User ID
Social network Fan Status
Your physical location and that of your access devices
By accessing an SENYUK Service, you are consenting and authorizing SENYUK> to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the application could provide to SENYUK through –our Terms of Use, as well as through any other Terms of Use posted on the portal you downloaded or accessed the Service from. Your agreement takes place when you "accept" or "allow" (or similar terms) in one of our Services.
RSS Feeds and Email Updates
If a user wishes to subscribe to SENYUK's RSS Feeds or Email Updates (powered by Feedburner), we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Users may opt-out of these communications at any time. Your personal information will never be sold or given to a third party. (You will never be spammed by SENYUK - ever)
Log Files and Stats
Like most websites SENYUK uses log files to store information such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring, exit and visited pages, platform used, date/time stamp, track user's movement in the whole, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc, are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. SENYUK may use cookies and the advertisers on this site may also use cookies, more information below.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites.
Advertisers
SENYUK uses outside ad companies to display ads on this website. These ads may contain cookies whose data is collected by external advertising companies. SENYUK does not have access to this information.
Changes to our privacy policy service
If We decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, We will notify you and other users by placing a notice on SENYUK.com or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address We have on file for you. We may supplement this process by placing notices in our Services and on other SENYUK websites. It is your responsibility to periodically check this privacy page for updates.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns please please contact us as described in the Section "Contact & Info".