Home
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the privacy policy portal of the 55 Best Games
55 Best Games
takes user privacy very seriously. This privacy statement applies to
55 Best Games
and its Apps and Games. We are committed to protecting your privacy. We are intended to avoid collecting your personally identifiable data such as your name, address, contact number, your password etc.
What this policy is about:
This Privacy Policy illustrates what personal information you may share with us, when installing and using this App/Game.
It also describes how we receive, collect, process and use such information. We will diligently respect your fundamental legal rights to data protection and privacy, when installing and using this App/Game.
Collection of Information:
We will collect technical information that may also be personal data (e.g. Internet connectivity, device ID etc.) from your device in order for us to be able to provide the functionality of the App/Game.
We also collect Date of birth and use it for no purpose other than displaying ads. If we detect age is under 13 we display ads that are suitable for under 13 aged user.
We reserve the right to use such information for statistics, user support and Marketing.
Ads:
Transfer of data for us to be able to deliver the App/ Game functionalities to you, we use third party sub-suppliers, to whom we may transfer data. Our sub-suppliers have all guaranteed that they will live up to the terms of this privacy policy, including ensuring safe-keeping of your personal data. With your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and by using the App/Game, you agree to the processing of your data in the form of a transfer to third parties. All of our sub-suppliers reserve the right to use the transferred information for statistics and user support without restrictions regarding App/Game in time.
Please note that we may also disclose information associated with you as well as contact information to third parties if required by law, in order to protect or defend our own rights.
Marketing:
We will use the information associated with you to be able to deliver our services in the App/Game. Furthermore, we may use the information to send you newsletters and for marketing purposes if you have agreed hereto according to applicable local law.
Change of Privacy Policy:
We are allowed to change this Privacy Policy at any time, and we advise you to review the Privacy Policy from time to time. In case of major changes in the content of this Privacy Policy, you will be informed about the changes and asked to agree hereto.
Thanks.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse