Sad Panda Studios - Games
GAMES
ABOUT US
DLC
SHOP
BLOG
GOODIES
FAQ/SUPPORT
GAMES
ABOUT US
DLC
SHOP
BLOG
GOODIES
FAQ/SUPPORT
Privacy Policy Agreement
Sad Panda Studios Ltd. and its employees (collectively, "Sad Panda") respect the privacy of its online visitors and users of its products and services. We know that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.  Please read this Privacy Policy to learn more about how we collect, use and share information from and about you when you play our games or visit our site. Thank you!
This policy is current as of its last revision date. However, please note that this policy may be amended from time to time to reflect changes and additions to the privacy policy. Please check back for the most current version before relying on any of the provisions in this privacy policy.
You must agree with the terms below, if you want to play our games. If you have any concerns about providing data to us or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy - you should not play our games.
What information do we collect?
There are several methods by which data can be collected by Sad Panda.
Direct Communications
If you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we send to you, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Game Play
If you load one of the Sad Panda titles on a supported publisher platform (Steam, Kongregate, Nutaku or other) then we will collect the username of your account so that we may assign or retrieve a unique ID (an SPS ID) to your game session.  We do not collect any other information about your account.
If you play one of the Sad Panda titles the game may periodically send completely anonymous game usage information.  This information is not tied to your account, your computer, or anything that would allow any sort of unique identification.  This anonymous game usage information helps Sad Panda improve their games.
If you save your game using the available cloud save functionality then Sad Panda will store a compressed version of your save game on our servers.  The compressed game content does not contain any personally identifiable information.  On Steam you are able to opt-out of cloud save via the Settings menu.
If you make an in-app purchase in a Sad Panda game then we will store a record of that purchase.  Sad Panda does not store any credit card information, as all payments are processed via a secure third party.
Website
We do not collect browsing information on our website ourselves.  However, the embedded Humble Widget, which we use for DLC purchasing, does collect browsing information.  You can learn more about about this data collection in the
Humble Bundle Privacy Policy
.  We also use embedded YouTube videos, which only load if you opt into clicking them.  If you do click a video link to have it loaded then you should also be aware of
YouTube's terms of services
.
What about Cookies?
Sad Panda does not store, collect or use cookies within any of our games or our website.  However, the web based games do use a type of local browser storage called IndexedDB for storing save game information.  By playing our games you consent to the use of local storage in accordance with this privacy policy.
How do we use the information we receive?
We may use the information we collect from and about you to:
Personalize and improve our Services, and allow you to set up a user account and profile that can be used to personalize your experience in using our Services;
Answering questions, respond to your inquiries or requests, and communicate with you about our products and services, including specials and new features;
Develop new products and services;
Provide you with customized advertising and content on the Services from us and on behalf of our partners and affiliates;
Research, address problems and improve the usage and operations of the Services;
Protect the security or integrity of the Services and our business; and
As described to you at the point of collection.
How is my personal information shared?
We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone.  We share your personal information only as described below.
Advertisers
We allow advertisers to choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and you agree that we may use any of the information we have collected from you (including information you may have decided not to show to other users) to select or allow the advertiser to select the appropriate audience for its advertisements.  For example, we may allow an advertiser to target an ad to you based on your country of residence.
Third Party Business Partners
We may become affiliated with third party businesses that may sell items to you through our Services, or we may provide services, or sell products jointly with these business partners.  You can easily recognize when a business partner is associated with your transaction, and you acknowledge that you are providing your personal information to Sad Panda and the business partner for these transactions.
Service Providers
We may share information with our service providers, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us.
Business Transfers
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets during the normal course of our business.  If Sad Panda, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, our customer information may be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. Should such transfers occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the recipient of the information use your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Protection of Sad Panda and Others
We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law, respond to judicial process, or provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Sad Panda, our employees, our users, or others.  This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent
We may share information with third parties as described to you at the point of collection or as otherwise disclosed to you upon your consent.
As part of our use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our customers, collectively, use our Services.  We may share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how people use the Services, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal user experience. However, we do not disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.
Social Networking and Chat Forums
Sad Panda's products or services may provide chat, forums, leaderboards, bulletin boards, or instant messaging tools to users. Any information that is disclosed in these services should be considered public information, and users who message one another may not know each other personally. Sad Panda has no obligation to keep private personally identifiable information that a user makes available to other users or the public using these functions. Users should exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in public forums. Users should also be aware that game play information disclosed during multiplayer game play (e.g. player name and current player statistics) is public information and may be displayed to other users.
Storage and Security of Personally Identifiable Information
You are responsible for actions taken under your account.  To help prevent unauthorized access to your account information we recommend that you limit access to your computer (or other device) and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
We endeavor to protect user information; however, we cannot guarantee the security of user account information.  Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
Links to Other Sites
Our games may contain links to other sites and apps. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites and apps. When linking to another site or app you should read the privacy policy stated on that site or app.
California Residents
Under California law, our players and customers that are residents of California may request information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties by Sad Panda.
If at any time you wish to opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties, and/or would like to unsubscribe from Sad Panda newsletters, services or promotions you may do so by contacting
[email protected]
How do I correct or delete my unique Sad Panda account?
If you wish to make changes to your account, or delete your account completely, you may do so by contacting
[email protected]
Please include your SPS identifier, which can be found within the game.
What is an SPS ID?
Your SPS ID is a unique identifier that is linked to your player account.  For example, if you are playing a Sad Panda game on Steam, then your Steam ID will be used to generate a unique SPS ID that will be associated with your account.  The SPS ID is generated by our own server software, which has been built in-house.  We took this step to further protect your privacy and to offer a better service to our players.  No personally identifiable information (including your IP address, location, or demographic) is stored by our software.  Your SPS ID is used to provide cloud save functionality, purchase and receipt verification, as well as customer support for your account.  As of writing, the SPS ID is used on all currently released Sad Panda products.
What about Children under 13?
We do not direct the Services or knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13.  To provide additional privacy protections regarding the collection of personal information, some of the features on certain Apps are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children.
What if I need to contact Sad Panda Studios?
If you have any questions or complaints about this privacy policy, or the privacy practices of Sad Panda, please contact us at
[email protected]
. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
You may also contact Sad Panda Studios Ltd. at the addresses below:
Sad Panda Studios
PO Box 20022 Towne Centre
Kelowna, BC  V1Y 9H2
Canada
Third Party Partners on Mobile
Sad Panda Studios uses the following user acquisition and advertising partners for our mobile games.  Please follow the links provided below to read their privacy policies and learn how you may exercise your data subject rights:
AdColony
AdMob
Apple Game Center
AppLovin
Google Play Games
ironSource
Kongregate
Meta (Facebook)
Pangle
Unity Ads
Vungle
This privacy policy was last updated on May 24th, 2022.
Thanks for reading this big long thingy! You're a rockstar.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2022 Sad Panda Studios Ltd.