SHADOWMATIC by Triada Studio Games
Privacy Policy
Triada Studio LLC (together, "Triada Studio" or "we") respects the privacy rights of our users and are committed to protecting the personal information collected about you. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, store, and use the information you provide us. By using the Triada Studio Services, you signify your assent to the terms of the Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to make changes in this Privacy Policy, so please check back from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Services will signify your acceptance of these changes.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) gathered when you are using or accessing the Services. This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any Personal Information that our business partners share with us or that we share with our business partners.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services and applications (“Third Party Services”) that you elect to access through the Service or to individuals that we do not manage or employ. While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Services. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access.
What data do we collect and why?
Personal and analytics data.
We may collect personal data that identifies you. Please note that we use Google/Firebase and Facebook Analytics that collect Android Device ID, Advertising ID, and other personal and sensitive information. Please see
Privacy Policy in Android Apps
,
Privacy and security in Firebase
and
Facebook Data Policy
for details on the information these SDKs collect. Based on this data we may create statistics, provide better services to our customers as well as analyze and further develop our Services.
Data security and sharing
Data security.
All of your data is protected in accordance with generally acceptable industry standards and although no system is 100 % secure, we take reasonable steps to safeguard your data from unauthorized access. We may use partners and contractors to process data for us in accordance with this privacy policy and in such cases we take steps to ensure that your data is kept secure.
Data sharing.
We do not share your personal data to third parties without your consent unless we are compelled to do so by law or when we face exceptional situations, such as detection or prevention of misuse or criminal activities.
We may process your data outside the country where you live in (for example if you are an EU citizen, outside the EU or the European Economic Area). This can happen if, for instance, the service provider of our analytical services is located outside your country. In such cases, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully and in accordance with this privacy policy.
External links
Our Services may contain links to external sites, such as Facebook and Twitter and link content from external third party sources. Please note that the use of such third party sites or content is subject to the privacy policies and usage terms of the third party in question instead of our own terms and we do not have control or assume any liability over such content.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
Contact us!
The data controller is Triada Studio LLC.
Should you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or the processing of your personal data, please contact us at
[email protected]
Last updated: 15 July 2020
Main page
Triada Studio Games and Shadowmatic are
registered trademarks of 
Triada Studio LLC. © 2020
Triada Studio LLC. All rights reserved