Protostar Privacy Policy - Protostar Games
Protostar Games
Making sweet games since 2014
Skip to content
Home
Dream Hopper
It’s Literally Just Mowing
Super Starfish
Sling Kong
Archive
Shouty Heads
Checkpoint Champion
About Us
Protostar Privacy Policy
Protostar is committed to protecting the privacy of our players. This privacy policy describes how Protostar uses and protects any information that you give us when you play any of our games. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this game, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this policy. Protostar may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Data collection from children
If a user identifies as a child whilst playing our games then we do not collect or transmit any sensitive information such as AAID, SIM Serial, Build Serial, BSSID, MAC, SSID, IMEI, and/or IMSI.
An identified child will also only see advertising that has come from Admob and providers approved for child targeted adverts and who adhere to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
What we collect
We or the companies we’ve partnered with may collect the following information:
Your approximate location (Not precise location).
The type of device you’re using.
Your game play statistics.
Advertising statistics.
What we do with the information we gather
We collect this information to improve your game-experience and to provide you with better advertising services.
Game Analytics
We record non-identifiable and non-personal information which tells us how you are playing our games and if your device encountered any issues. This data allows us to improve the game and fix bugs and crashes that may appear on certain devices.
If a user is identified as a child then they are automatically opted out of Analytics tracking.
Targeted Advertising.
Our advertising partners may track information such as your device’s Advertising ID in order to supply you with advertisements that are more targeted and relevant to you.  Where required by local law the user must grant permission within the game and can opt out at any time.
If a user is identified as a child then we inform the advertising partners as such and ensure that only non-targeted and age appropriate advertising is shown.
Other services
Protostar may use other companies services in our games that also collect data. Please refer to their individual privacy policies for more information on these services and the data that they collect.
Bright Data
In return for some premium features, including playing our games with advertising disabled, you may choose to be a peer on the Bright Data network. By doing so you agree to have read and
accepted the Terms of Service of the Bright SDK EULA:
https://brightdata.com/legal/sdk-eula
You may opt out of the Bright Data network by clicking the Web Indexing toggle to OFF in the game’s Options menu.
Facebook
Our games optionally allow users to link their Facebook profile to the game.  In these cases we only access your most basic account information such as Name for in-game display purposes as well as your friends list for display on high score leaderboards and sending friend challenges.  If you choose to sign into Facebook we will also link your Facebook account to your Playfab Game account so that game data can be easily restored to you.
Facebook Privacy Policy
If you wish your to unlink your Facebook account from your Playfab Game account please contact us at support@protostargames.com.
Game Data Storage
Your game inventory data could be stored on PlayFab’s cloud servers which we use to restore to you if you play our games across multiple devices.  If you wish to permanently delete this stored game data please contact support@protostargames.com
PlayFab Privacy Policy
Game Analytics Services
During gameplay we may track usage data such as game session length, which menus are accessed and which characters are being used.  This non-identifiable and aggregated data is used to help us make the game better.
GameAnalytics Privacy Policy
Advertising Providers
We strive to ensure that only appropriate advertising suitable for general audiences is shown.  If you feel you’ve received an inappropriate advert please contact us at support@protostargames.com
We currently serve advertisements from the following providers:
IronSource Privacy Policy
AdMob and AdSense Privacy Policy
Unity3D and UnityAds Privacy Policy
MoPub Privacy Policy
Vungle Privacy Policy
Chartboost Privacy Policy
Tapjoy Privacy Policy
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Opting out of services
Ways to opt-out of our Services:
if we send you an email, there will be an unsubscribe link;
if we post updates via
Facebook
you can ‘unlike’ our page and you will no longer get updates;
if you receive one of our tweets you can stop following us on
Twitter
; or
if we use another type of social media you can opt-out using that service.
If you need help opting-out please contact us at support@protostargames.com.
Links to other websites
Our games may contain advertising and links to other websites of interest. However, once you follow these links, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required and allowable by law.
Inquiries
If you have any inquiries regarding privacy or data collection issues please email us on:
support@protostargames.com
Comments are closed.
Protostar Press Kit
Sling Kong Press Kit
Checkpoint Champion Press Kit
Protostar Privacy Policy
Sling Kong Support
Super Starfish Support
Just Mowing Support
Shouty Heads Support
Dream Hopper Support
© Protostar Games 2014
Powered by
Nirvana
&
WordPress.
English
Arabic
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Dutch
English
French
German
Hebrew
Italian
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish