Ultimate Rummy
Privacy Policy
U Games Private Limited
("U Games", "we" or "us") recognizes that its
customers, visitors, users, and others (collectively or individually "Users")
who use games, applications, and other services hosted by U Games
(collectively, the "U Games Sites") value their privacy. This
Privacy Policy details important information regarding the use and disclosure
of User information collected on the U Games Sites. U Games provides this
Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or
continue using the U Games Sites.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the
U Games Terms of Service. Your use of the U Games Sites and any personal
information you provide on the U Games Sites remain subject to the terms of
this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.  If you access the U Games
Sites from a third-party social networking site or with the aid of a
downloadable application on your device, you may also be required to read and
accept the third party's terms of service and privacy policy.
Policy Objective
We, U Games are committed to protecting the privacy of our users
("you" or "users"). The objective of this Privacy Policy is
to inform you about how we collect, store and use the information you provide
in connection with the use and access of the
game
on a social network including any content in connection
with the same on our server side infrastructure, ("Service"). This
policy applies solely to the information (more particularly defined below)
collected by us in the course of your use of the Service. This Privacy Policy
forms part of our Terms.
Amendments
You are responsible to be aware of and agree to abide by this
Privacy Policy and any amendments made thereto from time to time. By using the
Service, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information in
terms of this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Information
When you
register
for obtaining the Services, we may collect and record the
information you provide or consent to provide us, whether through the Service
or through any other network or third party services.
"Information" comprises of "Personal
Information" and "Non-Personal Information" as defined below:
"Account Information" includes your User ID and your
password and any account security information provided by you for resetting
your password;
"Personal information" is such information which can be
used to identify your identity or to communicate with you, whether directly
obtained by us or from through a third party provider or network, and presently
includes, without limitation, the following:
(1)
Your name;
(2)
Your network or third party service User ID;
(3)
Cellular device's configuration and identification number;
(4) Cellular Service
number when you
sign up
for SMS notifications;
(5)
Your identifier for purchase transactions;
(6)
Your email address;
(7)
Your picture;
(8)
Your user identification number;
(9)
Your address; and
(10)
Any other relevant information included in your application,
social network or other online profile.
"Non-Personal information" is information that is by
itself insufficient to either identify you or communicate with you and may be
solicited by us. This may include, but is not limited to your:
(1)
Date of birth and
age
;
(2)
Gender;
(3)
The specifications of the computer systems and internet services
that you use;
(4)
Information about software and application use or preference;
(5)
Information about your websites and online services preferences;
(6) Your cellular
service features and provider details;
(7) Your location;
(8)
browser
type, Mac address, iOS advertiser
ID; and
(8)
Any other similar information about you which may be relevant to
our purpose.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we may, for the
purposes stated herein, collect Information about your occupation, language,
postal code and location, as well as Information about your computer, cellular
device, software, platform, incident reports, Internet Protocol (IP) address,
network address and connection, browser, ref pages, URLs, clicks, domains,
pages accessed, time spent overall and on each page, activity date and time. In
addition, you consent to our collection and use of all Information that you
provided to any social network, a cellular services provider or any third party
provider used to connect with or access the Service and agreed with such party
to share such Information with us. You shall be entitled to update the information provided by you by contacting us at support@ultimaterummy.in . Your information shall be updated subject to reasonable checks and confirmation by Play U Games.
We may also employ third parties to collect Information or any
part thereof, to provide email delivery services or to facilitate any other
aspect of our activity or interaction with you.
i. This app contains a software development kit (“SDK”) from a third party, Red Brick Lane Marketing Solutions Private Limited (“RBL”). The SDK is integrated with this app for the purposes of profiling the device on media consumption and other device data and utilizing the same to target relevant content and ads to the device (“Services”) pursuant to the terms and conditions of RBL Services (“Terms of Use”). Further details can be obtained at
http://www.zapr.in/privacy/.
ii. If you do not wish for RBL to identify media content viewing around your mobile device, please opt out of all RBL Services via the following link: http://www.zapr.in/privacy/.
iii. RBL does not collect any personally identifiable information or audio/video/image/contact files from your mobile device. For any questions or clarifications please reach out to:
privacy@zapr.in.
iv. RBL also automatically receives and tracks certain data about your mobile device (such as your device-type, installed software and language preference) or desktop interface; and may create a unique device or user ID for you. In some cases RBL can automatically detect or infer your location using GPS, your IP address, watermarks and/or Bluetooth, but often your operating system will require you to grant RBL permission to access your GPS or Bluetooth settings; please refer to your device’s system settings regarding location services
Use of Information
The predominant purposes of collecting Information from you are to
help improve the Service, fulfill your requests, resolve your issues and
support your transactions. In addition, we may use your Information in a form
that is not personally identifiable to help us in analyzing various aspects of
user behavior for the purpose of improving our Services. We may use your
Information in communicating with our users, including, but not limited to the
purpose of promoting our Services to you and other users and disseminating information
about products, new features, improvements, offers, upgrades, contests and
other material of interest. You may have an option to opt out of some
information of this nature. For the purpose stated herein, we can share any
aggregated Non-Personal Information with parties who help up in analyzing such
information.
Use of Personal and Non-Personal Information may be done
separately or in such combinations as may be suitable for the relevant purpose.
Our friend referral and/or finders, whether provided directly
through the Service or through a network or other third party provider, will
help you communicate with your contacts and will allow them to associate your
account maintained with us with profile and/or email address when you choose to
access friend referral on the Service. If you choose to use this, we may ask
you for your friend's name and email address to send emails or messages on your
behalf inviting him or her to try out the Service. We may retain such
information for a limited time solely for sending some reminders messages.
All Information collected by us will be used only for the purpose
specified herein. We restrict access of your Information to our employees, partners,
service providers, affiliates, tracking utility companies, contractors and
agents and only allow access to those who need to know that information and
only in order to process it on our behalf. Your Information may be archived by
us for future reference. You are aware and consent that we may employ several
third parties to facilitate us in providing the Services or to provide some
part of the Services on our behalf.
In the event you do not wish that we use your Information for any
of the purposes specified in the Privacy Policy, you may close your account by
uninstalling our application.
All users of the Service consent to the use of Information for the
purpose stated in this Privacy Policy.
Message Boards and Chat
You may choose to disclose any information about yourself or about
any person or organization in the course of generating any user initiated
content. Any information voluntarily provided by you without any indication or
request generated from us shall not be protected under this Privacy Policy. You
shall be responsible for all consequences of disclosing any information about
yourself or about any person or organization in such manner.
Exceptions to Restriction in Disclosure of Information or Account
Information
You understand and agree that we may be required to disclose any
Information or Account Information by a competent legal authority or that we
may voluntarily choose to disclose any such Information or Account Information
under reasonable belief that this is necessary for any lawful purpose. We will
be under no legal obligation to either inform you about the presence of such
request or contest such a request for Information or Account Information
whatsoever.
Reorganization or Change of Control
In the event of change of control, corporate reorganization or any
other event which alters the beneficial ownership of U Games or there is a
change in ownership of the business for the purpose of which such Information
or Account Information is created or collected, you grant unrestricted consent
to us to transfer all the Information or Account Information together with the
commercial interest in the successor in interest of U Games or the owner of
the business that will provides the Service.
Cookies & Links
We may use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is
a data file that uniquely identifies your browser. The Service may send cookies
to your computer or cellular device when you use or accesses the Service.
Cookies may be used for the purposes of improving the quality and ease of
access to the Service. Cookies on your browser are also used to target advertisements.
Cookies can be disabled but disabling Cookies may also impact your ability to
use full functionality of the Service
The Service may contain Links to third party websites or
applications. The presence of such Links does not indicate any endorsement of
these websites by us or that we have any affiliation with these websites. Your
use and access of any such website is solely at your discretion and entirely at
your own risk. We do not take any responsibility of the Information or Account
Information that you share on these third party websites and cannot guarantee
that they will adhere to privacy and security practices akin to
us. Furthermore,
the
use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, or tracking utility company is not
covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not have access to or control of these
cookies. Our partners, affiliates, or tracking utility company use session
ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site.
If you have granted us access to your Account Information through Facebook,
you may request us to delete your Account Information by following the
directions available at Facebook. You can request deletion of your Account
Information by removing the Ultimate Rummy application from your
social network or third party service account in accordance with the
instructions provided therein.
Data Security
We take appropriate organizational and technical measures to
protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure
or destruction of Information and Account Information. These include internal
reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security
measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to
guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store Account Information
and Information. We have an information security program and information
security policies which contain managerial, technical, operational and physical
security control measures adopted by us for that purpose.
While we have taken appropriate measures to protect the security
of Account Information and Information, we do not guarantee absolute protection
from security breach. Further, data which is transmitted over the Internet is
inherently exposed to security risks or threats. Therefore, we also cannot
guarantee any security for such information in the course of transmission
through the internet infrastructure or any unsolicited disclosures made by any
user availing the Services.
You are advised that if you become aware or suspect of or reasonably
suspect any breach of security, including compromise of your Account
Information, it is your responsibility to immediately notify us.
Data Retention
U Games shall retain the information provided by the users for such period of time as is required to fulfil the purposes for which such information is collected, as outlined in this Privacy Policy, subject to such longer time periods of retention as may be required under any applicable laws.
Policy with Respect to Persons Under 18 Years of Age
Data Retention
U Games shall retain the information provided by the users for such period of time as is required to fulfil the purposes for which such information is collected, as outlined in this Privacy Policy, subject to such longer time periods of retention as may be required under any applicable laws.
Data Access or Deletion Request
As a data subject you have certain data protection rights when we process your personal data. You may exercise your right at any time by contacting us.
Steps to Contact Us
1. Go to in-game
Settings
and tap
Support
button
2. Select any mode of contacting us
3. Use message as per request. Either data access or data deletion
This product is intended for use by those 18 or older for amusement
purposes only. Without prejudice to the above, we do not knowingly collect
personal information from people under the age of 13. We will take immediate
steps to delete such Account Information as soon as it is detected.
Grievance Officer,
U Games
currently appoints Mr. Avin Sharma as the Grievance Officer.
All complaints relating to personal data must be sent to the Grievance Officer
at
support@ultimaterummy.in
.
U Games
‘Ultimate Rummy’ is owned and operated by U Games 24x7 Private limited a subsidiary of Play Games 24x7 Private limited.