
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Stack Ball 3D team has adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain how Stack Ball 3D collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Stack Ball 3D’s Services.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICES. Stack Ball 3D reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If Stack Ball 3D makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Stack Ball 3D may post a notice on Stack Ball 3D’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "non-personal data" means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data Stack Ball 3D may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties,including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all Stack Ball 3D users.
Stack Ball 3D may use and disclose to Stack Ball 3D’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Stack Ball 3D services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Stack Ball 3D may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "personal data" means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by Stack Ball 3D is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account information. The information includes your Facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’ id on Facebook. Stack Ball 3D also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
Stack Ball 3D may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other Stack Ball 3D services and products. Stack Ball 3D may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Stack Ball 3D may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Stack Ball 3D. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site "friends" and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Stack Ball 3D may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Stack Ball 3D and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Stack Ball 3D collects and processes personal data on a voluntary basis and it is not in the business of selling your personal data to third parties. Personal data may, however, occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Stack Ball 3D may disclose personal data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Stack Ball 3D may hire agents and contractors to collect and process personal data on Stack Ball 3D’s behalf and in such cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party has been engaged by Stack Ball 3D. These agents and contractors may not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. Stack Ball 3D may use third party service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers, shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Stack Ball 3D has the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third parties to provide their services for Stack Ball 3D. Stack Ball 3D is not liable for the acts and omissions of these.
How do I contact Stack Ball 3D team about my personal information:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at zebrafungame@163.com.