GunGunOnline Privacy Policy
Information Collection
Information Usage
Information Protection
Cookie Usage
3rd Party Disclosure
3rd Party Links
Google AdSense
Fair Information Practices
Fair information
Practices
COPPA
CalOPPA
Our Contact Information
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our App.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address  or other details to help you with your experience.
Personal Data
​
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Cookies and Usage Data
​
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
​
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customise our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.
Tracking & Cookies Data
​
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our App or enter information on our App.
Use of Data
VGAMES Pte. Ltd. uses the collected data for various purposes:
​
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
​
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), VGAMES Pte. Ltd. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
VGAMES Pte. Ltd. may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so/li>
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
​
VGAMES Pte. Ltd. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
VGAMES Pte. Ltd. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
​
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Singapore and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Singapore and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
VGAMES Pte. Ltd. will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
How do we protect your information?
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We do not use Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include our partners and other parties who assist us in operating our App, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. VGAMES Pte. Ltd. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where VGAMES Pte. Ltd. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Firebase. Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
LINK
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
​
AdMob by Google. AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
LINK
. For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or app” page:
LINK
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
LINK
AdColony. AdColony is provided by Jirbo Inc.You can opt-out from the AdColony service by visiting the AdColony Opt-out page:
LINK
. You can also opt-out from AdColony through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA:
LINK
or opt-out using your mobile device settings. For more information AdColony, please visit the Privacy Policy of AdColony:
LINK
.
AppLovin. AppLovin is provided by the AppLovin Corporation. If you’d like to opt-out from the AppLovin service, please visit the AppLovin Opt-out page:
LINK
. If you’d like to learn more about AppLovin, please visit the Privacy Policy page of AppLovin:
LINK
Vungle. Vungle is provided by Vungle Inc.You can opt-out from Vungle service by following the instructions as described by Vungle on their Privacy Policy page:
LINK
. For more information about Vungle, please visit Vungle Privacy Policy:
LINK
.
Unity Ads. Unity Ads is provided by Unity Technologies. You can opt-out from the Unity Ads service by following the instructions as described by Unity Technologies on their Privacy Policy page:
LINK
. For more information about Unity Technologies, please visit Unity Technologies Privacy Policy:
LINK
.
Behavioral Remarketing
VGAMES Pte. Ltd. uses remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google Ads (AdWords). Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
LINK
. Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on –
LINK
– for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
LINK
.
Facebook. Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
LINK
. To opt-out from Facebook’s interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:
LINK
. Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA:
LINK
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada:
LINK,
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe:
LINK
, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook’s Data Policy:
LINK
.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
GunGunOnline
support@vgamestd.com
Last Edited on 2021-08-16