Innock Studios Pvt. Ltd.
Innock Studios Pvt. Ltd.
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2018
INNOCK STUDIOS PVT. LTD. (hereinafter referred to as "We", “our” “us” or “ The Company”), a Private Limited Company and having its place of business at DELHI, is engaged in developing and promoting the Games and Applications (herein after called the “Services”). under the name and style of INNOVATIVE GAMES. Our company highly respects the privacy rights of its customers or users and protects the personal information and any other information collected, gathered and used in connection with Innock Studios Pvt. Ltd. products, and services.We are committed to follow the privacy policy which will govern and guide to use of the Applications and associated services. This privacy policy applies to all games, applications, websites and other related services developed and provided by our company.
1.General
The scope of the policy is limited to the information and data collected or received by our company through your use of the services provided by our company. By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. You can choose not to share informations with us. This is completely voluntary, but by doing so you shall not be able to enjoy most of the features of our services. We are not responsible for the actions of individuals with no relationship to our Company or third party companies, the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer.
2.What type of information we collect (Personal Information& Non-Personal Information)
To access the Services, The company subject to your own consent and free will may collect both types of information Personal as well as Non-personal about you. While using our applications we may collect personal information such as your name, nick name, address,telephone number,location, company information, area of interest, e-mail address and so on for giving you access to the application and may display the same information on the application. Some of the data we collect automaticaly while you use our services like:
Your IP address and Mobile device ID, Advertising ID etc.
Data about your device such as Device name and Operating System, Browser type, Language, Location and so on.
These non-personal information is resonably required by the company to enhance our services.
3. Why we collect data
It is necessary as wel as important to know as to why we collect such data.
We collect data just to:
To create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our services.
It is necessary to operate our services smoothly.
To provide and deliver product and services you request.
To communicate you our services, features and other improvements.
To receive feedback/response regarding our product and services.
To enable you to communicate with other players.
To analyse and monitor use of the services and it’s social features.
Thus by doing so we just make the services more enjoyable for our players/users.
4.Cookies
User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. When you use our applications these data Collection tools automatically track and collect certain technical information that your computer or device sends to our Site such as your IP addresses, browser types, browser language, referring and exit pages, URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, clickstream data, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, game information and the date and time of activity on our Service, and other similar information. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
We use cookies for a variety of reasons, including to: analyze the usage of our Site and Service; provide a more personalized experience; manage advertising; allow you to more easily login to our Site and Service; help make your visit to our Site and/or use of our Service more efficient and more valuable by providing you with a customized experience and recognizing you when you return.
5. How do we use of information collected
We may request information from you to allow you to use our Application and to track your usage of our Application in order to improve the facilities provided under our Application in an organized manner. We will use your information to provide you with our personalized services and to benefit you fully from the usage of our Application. We may also use your information to notify you the important changes in our Application and other information updated on the application.
Our company assure you that we never misappropriate any data provided to us from the users. We does not sell or rent your Personal Information to third-parties for marketing purposes without your consent and permission. We may share your Personal Information you provide with our subsidiaries and related companies. We may share Personal Information with business partners that assist us  in providing you the services. Our Company is committed to giving you the choice whether or not the company  uses your information for marketing purposes or shares information with business partners.
6. Security and Confidentiality
We understand and recognize that privacy is very important. We take all the reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the information disclosed by you and will not disclose the information on any other forum other than Application and website and server associated thereof. We provide creation of password-protected account, which can be accessed only by You. We advise You not to share Your password with any other person and always log out before closing the browser window.
7. Third Party Disclosure
We will not disclose any of Your information to any third parties unless we are bound by law to do so. We may however disclose it to our trusted service providers or suppliers who help us in providing Service(s) to You. In certain cases where we are bound by the provisions of law to disclose certain information to a law enforcing agency or to a court of law, or in cases where we are directed by a competent law enforcing agency to carry out an investigation into the activities on your account, we may do so without a notice to you. Such disclosure or investigation will not amount to breach of any privacy obligations on our part.
8.Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly and deliberately collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Services.  In the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 within the Services or in connection with any Content or Software, we do not collect, store or use any personal information of such user. Further, in the event that our company receives personal information that we discover was provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete such personal information in a secure manner.
9. Safeguards
Innock Studios maintains appropriate safeguards that ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the personal information we collect and store about our users. Personal information collected by us is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible by authorized employees. We also take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we transfer personal information provide sufficient protection of such data.
10. Links to third party sites or services
Our Application may contain links to other websites, which do not fall under the scope of this Privacy Policy. We do not hold any responsibility for the Privacy Policy of such other websites. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain third party, we recommend that you read the privacy policy of the site or service to which you link before you submit any personal information.
11.Changes to the policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time.  If we decide to change this Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the date at the top of the page.  The changes will be effective when posted.  Please check this page on a regular basis so that you remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy policy or the information we  hold about you, on the email address given here in below:
E-mail:
innockstudioscontact@gmail.com