Midva Games - Privacy Policy
Midva Games
Blog
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
1.
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy is a document that explains how your personal data is collected and processed by Midva when you use Midva’s apps and games. Midva is a developer and a publisher of apps and games, and in the further text may be referred to herein as “we”, “us” or “our”, as the context requires.
It is important that you read this document carefully, before you start using our apps and games, to find out what personal information we collect and for what purpose, how we store data and what we do to ensure that your information is safe. After reading, you will understand that personal data we collect is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for the proper functioning of the certain app or game, so you will be able to decide whether you will give or not your consent to the processing of data relating to you.
We hope that the text of our privacy policy is clear and transparent, but if there are additional questions and concerns, you can contact us on our e-mail address found below in the section Contact and complaints.
1.1. About this privacy policy
This privacy policy will make you understand what personal data we collect from you, how we process this data and why and how we store and protect them. You can read more about these topics in the next section so as in the sections below.
Our privacy policy applies to all of our apps and games, whether played on our website, on mobile devices or PCs. It also applies to our marketing and advertising activities on all platforms and other services that we may provide to you from time to time. In this privacy policy, we refer to our apps and games, websites, marketing and advertising activities and other services collectively as our “Services”.
1.2. Changes to the privacy policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, depending on the specific changes, we will provide you with additional notice or require a renewed consent. We recommend you to take a little time and review the privacy policy whenever you access our apps and games to stay informed about how we process your personal data and how you can protect your privacy.
1.3. Data we collect and process
We collect information from you just for the purpose of the proper functioning of the app or game and sometimes we might collect some personal data. Here is the list of the information we collect:
1.3.1. Information we collect automatically through our apps and games
When you access or use our apps and games, we automatically collect general information about you, including:
Age – minor or not.
Log information – we log information about your use of our app or game, including the type of device you use, the features you use.
Device information – we collect information about the device you use to access our app and game, including information about the device’s software and hardware, unique device identifiers (i.e. Device ID and advertising ID), device tokens for push-messages, mobile network information and time zone.
Usage information – we collect information relating to your use of our app or game, including your game progress, scores, achievements and interactions with other players.
Consumption information – we collect information about your consumption habits relating to your use of our apps and games, including which purchases you make with both virtual and real currencies and the reception of virtual goods in-game.
1.3.2. Information we collect from you on request
Some of our apps and games must access your personal data for the sake of proper functioning of app or game. If you are using a certain the app or game, we might ask from you the following data:
Nickname – used in the app or game
E-mail address – your e-mail address.
1.3.3. Information we collect from other sources
If you log into our app or game using a third-party site or platform such as Facebook, Apple Game Center and Google Sign-In, we access information about you from that site or platform, such as your screen name, profile information and friend lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party site or platform provided that you have given the third-party site in question such consent.
If you log into our app or game using a third-party site or platform, you represent and warrant that:
– your access and use of such features in connection with app or game will comply with the applicable terms and policies of such site or platform, and
– that you are over the minimum age limit that is prescribed for such third-party site or platform by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions.
1.3.4. Purpose of processing data
We use information about you for the following purposes in accordance with the legal bases for each type of personal data as described below:
Age is being processed:
to identify whether you are a child or an adult for data protection purposes to determine the legal requirements for our processing of your data.
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for compliance purposes, see Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR.
Log-, device-, usage-, and consumption information are being processed:
to provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information as requested by you / as agreed with you;
to provide and maintain app or game and the app/game experience;
to personalize and improve app or game and provide tailored content and features;
to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with app or game; and
to provide children (as this term is construed under GDPR in EU, COPPA in the US and the relevant applicable legislation in other jurisdictions) with reasonable contextual advertisements in app or game.
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
to provide non-child users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified under Sharing of information) for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in app or game (behavioral advertising).
Our processing for the above purpose is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. The disclosure of your advertising ID to third parties for the purposes of behavioral advertising is based on your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR (see more below under Sharing of Information).
Nickname is being processed:
to identify you among other users on leaderboards, ratings, and scores.
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party in order to facilitate the delivery of requested products and services, see Section 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
E-mail address is being processed:
to identify your account in purpose of synchronization of your data between different devices.
for promotional and commercial purposes, for sending questionnaires and announcement purposes. You can opt out of receiving promotional email messages from us by following the unsubscribe steps which can be found in the emails. Also be aware that even if you have opted out of receiving promotional email messages, you may still receive some messages related to your account, infos about transactions, and some similar messages.
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party in order to facilitate the delivery of requested products and services, see Section 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
Information from other sources are being processed:
to provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information.
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party in order to facilitate the delivery of requested products and services, see Section 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
to link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with a better service.
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.
We only process your information to the extent that is necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information has been collected.
1.4. Push notifications
We send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide app or game-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages, if you have agreed to such notifications. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
1.5. Storage of information
We will store your personal data for as long as necessary in order to provide you with the app or game otherwise fulfill the purposes as described above, unless further storage is required in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or to comply with applicable law, including accounting rules.
Your personal data are deleted or anonymized as soon as it no longer serves one of the above-mentioned purposes and in any event, no later than three (3) years after your interaction with app or game has ceased.
1.6. Sharing of information
We share information with third-party partners and service providers: companies for payment processing, cloud storage and hosting providers, social media companies, analytics and advertising companies. They help us provide better services to you and be better in doing our business. For more information about our business partners, please
contact us
.
We disclose information about you to the following categories of recipients based on the legal bases in Sections 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c) and 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (see a description of the legal bases above):
Social networks, see more under “Social Sharing features”;
Third parties if we are required to disclose your personal data by applicable law,
rule, regulation, legal process or in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
The authorities if we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our policies or if the disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of company or others;
Other players in order to provide certain in-app features, such as leaderboards, if you log into the App using a third-party service, such as Facebook, Apple Game Center or Google Sign-in.
Advertising network companies in order to serve contextual advertisements (the data include your IP-address, Device ID and advertising ID).
Furthermore, if you have given your consent in accordance with Section 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, we share your advertising ID to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within the App. We use or may use the following advertising network and analytics companies:
Ad Mob – https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Unity Ads – https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Facebook Ads – https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Adcolony – https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Chartboost – https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269
AppLovin – https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
IronSource – https://www.ironsrc.com/privacy-policy/
Soomla – https://soomla.com/privacy-policy.html
Firebase – https://policies.google.com/privacy
The recipients’ use of the disclosed information will not be covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions concerning the processing carried out by such third parties, you should review their privacy policy.
In connection with our processing, we use data processors such as server hosting providers, technical service providers for supporting internal operations, user login services and analytics service providers.
1.7. Social sharing features
Our apps and games offer social sharing features and other integrated tools, which let you share actions you take in our app or game with other media. You must be over the minimum age limit that is prescribed by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions to use any social sharing features integrated in app or game. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature.
Games and apps have social features from the following providers:
Facebook
Google
For more information about the processing carried out by the respective third parties in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features, which can be found here:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google: https://www.google.com/about/company/user-consent-policy.html
1.8. Children
Our apps and games are for a general audience. In order to comply with the legislation, you will be presented to an age screen, when launching our app or game. When presented with this age screen, it is important that you state the correct age.
Based on your age information and your device settings, we do not process personal data of children under the minimum age limit that is prescribed by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions for behavioral advertisement. If such personal data have been processed without our knowledge, we will, after having become aware of the incident, immediately take reasonable measures to stop such processing and promptly delete any such data from our records.
If you have additional questions about our privacy practices related to children under the applicable minimum age, please contact us via e-mail address found below.
1.9. Security
We take commercially reasonable precautions to protect your personal information and ensure the security of our systems.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
Your rights in relation to your personal data
If you are a user of our app or game you have certain rights in relation to your personal data according to EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you wish to use any of the rights described below, you may contact us at any time via e-mail address found below.
Right to request access
You have the right to request access into the data that we are processing on you, see Article 15 of the GDPR, including information about:
the purposes of the processing
the categories of personal data concerned
the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or
will be disclosed
the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored
Furthermore, you have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. Please note that the access may be restricted due to intellectual property or trade secrets.
Right to rectification and erasure
You have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified, see Article 16 of the GDPR.
Furthermore, you have the right to have your personal data erased where one of the following grounds applies, see Article 17 of the GDPR:
the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed,
if you have withdrawn your consent and there are no other legal grounds for the processing,
if you have objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing,
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law,
the personal data have been unlawfully processed or
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services.
Please note that your right to erasure may be limited if the data are necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The right to restriction of processing
You have the right to obtain restriction of processing in certain circumstances, see Article 18 of the GDPR. If you have the right to restriction, we will only process your data with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim or to protect a person or important grounds of public interest
The right to withdraw consent
If we have asked for your consent to our processing of your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, see Article 7 of the GDPR.
If you withdraw your consent, we will cease processing of the data for which you have withdrawn consent, unless we have a legal obligation to keep some or parts of your data.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent, your user license to use our game or app will cease automatically.
The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
The right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you have provided us with which we process in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller if the processing is based on consent or contract performance, see Article 20 of the GDPR.
The right to object
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation when the data are processed based on the balancing-of-interest rule in Section 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, see Article 21 of the GDPR. In this case, we will cease the processing unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights, and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. We will cease the processing of your personal data for this purpose after the objection. Please note that if you exercise this right, your user license to use app or game will cease automatically.
If you wish to make a complaint about the processing of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority.
2.0. Data controller
We are responsible for deciding how and why we collect and use your personal data. If you want to contact us, you can find our contact details in the section below.
2.1. Contact and complaints
If you have any questions about the privacy aspects of our products or services, or would like to make a complaint having to do with a privacy matter, please send a written request at: support@midva.games
Like Us on Facebook
MOST POPULAR POSTS
10 Bizarre Christmas Facts
10 Best Christmas Decoration Ideas for a Magical Holiday Home
11 Unique Christmas Gifts People Don’t Expect to Get
The Best 7 Christmas Movies to Watch this Holiday Season
Christmas in Japan – Chicken instead of Turkey
Categories
Christmas
Halloween
News
Latest Games
Navigation
Midva Games
Blog
Hidden Objects Games
Find The Difference Games
Download Free Android Games
Download Free iOS Games
Facebook Fan Page
VK Fan Page
About Midva
About Us
FAQ
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact
Most Popular Hidden Objects Games
Hidden Object Enchanted Castle
Hidden Objects House Cleaning
Hidden Objects Haunted House
Hidden Objects Messy Kitchen
Mystery Objects Zen Garden
Hidden Objects Love
Most Popular Find The Difference Games
Find the Difference – Rooms
Find Differences – Kitchens
Find the Difference – Gardens
Find the Difference Fairy Tale
Find the Difference Big Cities
Find the Differences – Haunted
© 2023
Midva Games
— Best hidden object and find the difference games