Privacy | Polyforge - Available on the App Store and Google Play
Impactblue Studios Pty Ltd Privacy Policy
At ImpactBlue Studios Pty Ltd (Australian Business Number: 27
613 389 861) (defined here as 'We' or 'Our'), We value your
comments, suggestions and feedback. Our Privacy Policy sets out
how we collect, use and disclose "personal information" and
other "non-personal information" we have gathered about you.
This policy will let you know:
What information is collected from you;
How your information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
How you can access, update, or delete your information.
We are bound by the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) ("Act")
regarding the manner in which We handle your personal
information and how We respond to your requests to access and
correct it. We also adhere to the principles enshrined in the US
Privacy Act (1974) ("US Act") and the principles contained in
the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We will
comply with all relevant legislative requirements, and, in the
event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will
override the provisions of this document.
Children's Privacy
We strictly adhere to Australian privacy law. Our games and our
website are not aimed at children under 13 years of age. If you
believe that We have inadvertently collected information from a
person under the age of 13, please contact us at the email
address below and the information will be permanently deleted.
What is Personal Information and why do we collect it from you?
'Personal Information' is information or an opinion that
identifies you as an individual. We collect and store your email
when you sign up for our newsletter, or where you nominate to
specifically allow our games to collect your email. If you
contact us directly for any reason, we may also keep a copy of
that correspondence. Your email is collected only to keep you
informed of new ImpactBlue Studios products and changes to our
existing products.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is defined in the US Act to include
information or opinion about such things as an individual's
racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a
political association, religious or philosophical beliefs,
membership of a professional body, criminal records or health
information. We will not attempt to obtain nor record any
sensitive information.
Security Of Personal Information
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that
reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access,
modification or disclosure. We don't guarantee website links or
policy of authorised third parties and you access those sites at
your own risk.
Access To Your Personal Information
Under the Act, and under the US Act you have the right to access
the Personal Information We hold about you and to update and/or
correct it, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to access
your Personal Information, please make out your request to us in
writing at the address listed below. ImpactBlue Studios will not
charge any fee for your access request, but may charge an
administrative fee. Please be aware that in order to protect the
Personal Information in our database, we will require
identification from you before releasing any information.
Third Party Advertising
Advertisements from third party ad networks may be displayed in
our Games from time to time. All reasonable endeavours are used
to ensure that these ad networks comply with the Act, the US
Act, and COPPA in the provision of their services towards us. If
you click on any advertisements through Our game, the
advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies
to collect data. Some of this may be personal information, and
some of it non-personal information. We recommend that you
review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser
with whom you are interacting before doing so. The list of our
ad networks privacy policies may be found here:
Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
IronSource:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Collection Of Other 'Non-Personal' Information
Some non-personal information may be gathered while you use Our
games. Non personal information is general, non-identifiable and
anonymous information that is gathered for statistical,
analytical and research purposes such as the improvement of our
games (for example, bug fixes).
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current
version of our Privacy Policy can be found at
http://playpolyforge.com/privacy
.
We will always keep this up to date so that you know what
information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and
when we may disclose it.
Complaints
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our
Privacy Policy at the address below.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please
contact us at:
E:
impactbluestudios@gmail.com