Privacy Policy – Simplified Apps
Skip to content
Simplified Apps
Android Game Publisher
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
simadmin
2016-06-28T11:22:03+00:00
Simplified Apps – Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is really important to Simplified Apps. We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information we receive from users of our game applications for mobile devices and tablet computers (the “Apps”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Apps.
We respect and value your privacy concerns. This Privacy Policy applies to all of our games, websites and other related services, collectively the “Services”. In order to provide better services/apps/games, we might collect some of your information and this privacy policy describes what information we collect and how we use/process it.
Information we collect
Your information will be collected on the basis of your input and/or automatically. We collect your name, IP address, device model number, device user agent, location information, advertising id (android/ios), device id, and/or any other information that may be collected by third parties (such as ad networks). We do not collect any information that you have saved on your mobile device such as contacts and/or appointments. Some of information is not mandatory to provide us (for example player nick name and information that you provide in support queries to us via email), so you have the option to provide us or not.
How we use the information
We may use your information for the purpose of providing, delivering, protecting, marketing and/or improving our services. Some of your information (such as your name, country etc.) might be posted on global leaderboards/online scoring system and will be visible to other users of our services. We also might use your information for Google analytics, Flurry analytics to better understand your interest and serve you better (for example to update and develop player profile, customize service experience etc)
Third party advertising, analytics, services (Our Partners)
Some of our services/apps/games are supported by third party ad networks that serve advertisements within our services/apps/games. These adnetworks send advertisements and links to your device and that will appear in our services/apps/games. When our services/apps/games request such advertisements, some of your information (such as your IP address, location information, device User Agent, Advertising ID, device ID etc) is transferred to us and these third party ad networks. You can find the list of ad-networks / partners that we use below and can request to opt out of personalized advertisements.
How to contact us
If you have questions about data protection or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to contact us. Our contact information is as below:
Name of the company collecting the personal data “the controller”:
Simplified Apps
Email:
care@simplifiedapps.in
Your rights
Personalized advertisements opt out:
You can always opt-out of personalized advertising in our services by checking the privacy settings of your device. Please review your device’s user manual on how to do so.
Our Partners
Our advertising, analytics Services partners are listed below. Some of these partners are used in few territories only.
Chartboost
Privacy Policy & opt out
Facebook
Privacy Policy & opt out
Google Admob, analytics, Firebase, Play game services
Privacy Policy & opt out
IronSource
Privacy Policy & opt out
Unity
Privacy Policy & opt out
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may be revised from time to time. Please visit
Our Privacy Policy Page
frequently to stay aware of changes. Your continued use of our services/apps/games will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
For more information and enquiries, please contact us at
care@simplifiedapps.in
Last Updated: April 30th 2021
Proudly powered by WordPress