Privacy Policy Wordie | Jumpgate AB
Home
Investor Relations
Press Releases
Careers
Contact
Select Page
Privacy Policy Wordie
Privacy Policy
Jumpgate AB
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Modified: January 28, 2021
Jumpgate AB, a Publicly Listed Company in Sweden (“Jumpgate,” “us” “our” or “we“) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy“). This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, store, share and protect your information in connection with the Wordie mobile application (the “Apps” the
www.jumpgategames.se
website, and the services and tools related to the game and App (including, but not limited to, any websites, portals or other software applications offered by Jumpgate) (collectively, the “Services“).  This policy applies only to information we collect through the App or Services and any emails, texts or other electronic communications sent through the App or Services.
This policy DOES NOT apply to information collected offline, through any other apps or websites (including websites you may access through the App or Services) or by any third party. These other websites, apps or third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information through them.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding collection and use of your information.  If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not access or use the App or Services.  By accessing or using the App or Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
Please email us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices at: contact@jumpgategames.se
NOTICE REGARDING DISPUTE RESOLUTION:  Any disputes or claims arising under this Privacy Policy, or relating in any way to your use of the App or Services, will be resolved by final and binding arbitration.  Unless you opt out, you will only be able to pursue claims against Three Gates on an individual basis, not as part of any class or representative action or proceeding, and you will only be permitted to seek relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) on an individual basis.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy. We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we make material changes to how we treat your personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page and if you are covered under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we will notify you in the game or App of any applicable material update requiring your explicit consent. Your continued use of the App or Services after we make changes is deemed to be your acceptance of those changes, so please check this policy periodically for updates.  The date that this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.  While we intend to notify you of any substantive changes to the Privacy Policy, you are responsible for periodically visiting this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Children Under the Age of 13 in USA and Canada and Under the age of 16 in the EU. The App and Services are not intended for children, defined as under 13 years of age in the United States and Canada, and under 16 years of age in the European Union, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child, please contact us immediately at: contact@jumpgategames.se – Attention: Data Protection and Compliance Officer.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It. We collect information from and about users of our Games, Apps and Services: (i) directly from you when you provide it to us; and (ii) automatically when you use the App or Services.
3.1  Information You Provide to Us.  When you access or use the App or Services, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, such as name, physical address, postal address, email address, telephone number, location data, or any other information we might collect that is defined as personal or personally identifiable information under applicable law (“Personal Information“). This information may include: (i) information you provide by filling in forms on the App and Services when you register, request certain information, or report a problem with the App or Services; (ii) records and copies of our correspondence (including email addresses and phone numbers), if you contact us; (iii) your responses to surveys; (iv) details on transactions you carry out through the App or Services
3.2  Information Collected Automatically and Tracking.  When you download, access or use the App or Services, we may automatically collect: (i) usage details (including traffic data, location data, communication data and the resources you access and use through the App and Services); (ii) device information (including IP address, operating system, browser type, hardware ID, mobile network information and the device’s telephone number); and (iii) location information (including real-time information about the location of your device).  If you do not want us to collect this information, turn off those features within your mobile device’s operating system, or do not access or use the App or Services. To turn off these settings on iOS devices, follow these steps: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT207092 To turn off these settings on Android devices, follow these steps: https://support.google.com/pixelphone/answer/3467281
3.3  Information Collection Technologies.  The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include cookies (or mobile cookies) or web beacons.  Cookies are small files sent to and stored on the computer or device you use to access or use our App or Services.  Cookies may be used to monitor use of our App or Services, customize content specific to your interests, ensure that you do not see the same advertisements repeatedly and prevent fraud. It may be possible to refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your computer or device.  However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain portions of our App or Services.
3.4  Third-Party Information Collection.  When you access or use the App or Services, or access their content, certain third parties, such as advertisers, analytics companies (e.g. Google Analytics), your mobile device manufacturer or your mobile service provider may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you, your computer or your device.  The information these third parties collect may be associated with your personal information or your online or mobile activities over time and across different websites, apps and other online services websites. Such third parties may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioural) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.  If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How We Use Your Information. We use information that we collect about you or that you consent to providing to us, including any personal information, to: (i) provide you with the App and Services and their contents, and any other information, products or services that you request from us; (ii) fulfil any other purpose for which you provide it, such as facilitating interactions with third parties; (iii) give you notices about your account and any subscriptions, including expiration and renewal notices; (iv) carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection; and (v) notify you when updates are available, and of changes to any products or services we offer or provide through the App and Services. The usage information we collect helps us improve our App and Services and deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences, customize our App and Services according to your individual interests, speed up your searches, and recognize you when you use the App or Service.
Disclosure of Your Information. We may disclose aggregated information about our users. Also, we may disclose your personal information to: (i) our subsidiaries and affiliates; (ii) contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are contractually bound to keep your personal information confidential and only use it for purposes for which we disclose it to them; (iii) to a buyer or other successor to all or substantially all of our assets, or to the assets of any division related hereto, through merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer; (iv) to comply with any court order, law or legal process; (v) to enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; or (vi) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our rights, property, or safety, or those of our customers or others.
Your Choices About Our Collection, Use and Disclosure of Your Information. We strive to provide you with choices about your personal information. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. You may be able to choose whether or not to allow the App or Services to collect and use real-time information about your device’s location through the device’s settings. However, if you disable or refuse cookies or block the use of other tracking technologies, some portions of the App or Services may be inaccessible or not function properly. You can review and change your personal information by logging into the App or Services and visiting your account profile.  We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information for interest-based advertising; however, these third parties may provide you with choices relative to your personal information.
Your California Privacy Rights. Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents who use our App or Services may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please send us an email at contact@jumpgategames.se or write us at Jumpgate AB, ATTN: Privacy Department, S:t Hansgatan 35, 621 56 Visby, Sweden.
Your European Privacy Rights Under GDPR and GDPR Compliance. If you are a citizen of the EU, we understand the data protection regulations and are focused on full compliance with GDPR. In compliance with the European General Data Protection Act, you have the right to inspect data we keep related to you. Should you want to inspect the data related to your account, please send a request to: contact@jumpgategames.se or write us at Jumpgate AB, ATTN: Privacy Department, S:t Hansgatan 35, 621 56 Visby, Sweden. You also have the right to be forgotten, so you may request all of your data be removed from our servers. Please note that if you exercise your right to be forgotten, we will no longer be able to aid in any recovery of any accounts, purchases, or data after such a request. If you feel we have made a mistake, or need to correct anything related to our handling of your data, please contact us at: contact@jumpgategames.se – Attention: Data Protection and Compliance Officer, and we will address the concern immediately.
Data Security. We implement measures designed to protect your personal information from accidental loss or unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, the safety and security of your information also depends on you. We urge you to protect your user information and password and to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the App or Services, which may be viewed by other users of the App or Services. Unfortunately, transmitting information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal information when transmitted through our App or Services.  Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk, and we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide. Should we become aware of any data breach involving your data, we will notify you immediately.
Disputes; Arbitration; Waiver of Class Action. This Privacy Policy includes binding arbitration (unless you opt out of arbitration within 60 days of the earlier of your first use of the App or Services or registration with the App or Services) and a waiver of certain class action rights.  Please carefully review this policy before using our App or Services.
Jumpgate AB - S:T Hansgatan 35,621 56 Visby, Sweden - Org. nr 556842-4062 info@jumpgategames.se - Copyright © Jumpgate 2021