PlayToddlers - Terms of Use
Games
About
Support
en
ES
BR
Games
About
Support
Legal Information
At PlayToddlers we do not have small print
We do not collect personal data
When you download and use our mobile content, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any personal information.
We do not use your location
We do not store, collect or share your geographic location.
We only show our own ads
We only show ads about other PlayToddlers’ games. All ads are perfectly suitable for children of any age.
We answer your privacy questions
If you have any questions or concerns about this document, please contact us. We are more than happy to help you.
Last update 18/04/2017
PLAYTODDLERS S.L.
, from now on referred as
PlayToddlers
is committed to protect the privacy of our users. While our apps and games are for the whole family, our website
www.playtoddlers.com
is intended for parents and educators only.
By using this website or any of our content, you agree with this privacy policy.
PlayToddlers
may modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time as we add new features or laws change. We recommend reviewing this page frequently.
Privacy Policy
We do not collect personal information
PlayToddlers
does not collect any information that allows users to be identified individually.
PlayToddlers
can collect information that parents and educators voluntarily provide through the website.
In addition,
PlayToddlers
may collect non-personal information about the use of your website and its applications for the sole purpose of improving its contents. This information will be collected respecting the best practices for children under 13 years.
When the user contacts us to request information or support, his email address will be used only to provide the information requested and will not be stored.
When the user provides us with an email address to subscribe to the
"PlayNews"
mailing list, the user confirms that this address is not a personal data, nor does it contain any personal data. This address will only be used to send news of products of
PlayToddlers
and will never be sold or ceded to third parties except in the case of services of third parties strictly necessary for the sending of such mails. This subscription can be canceled at any time by contacting us or using the link enabled for it in the emails received. The mailing list is not confidential and will not be used to send confidential information.
About non-personal information
To help us provide you with the best service, we use Unity Analytics services to better understand the use of our games and applications. You can find the Unity Analytics privacy policy at
https://unity3d.com/cn/legal/terms-of-service/analytics
.
This information is for internal use only and it will never be shared without your consent.
PlayToddlers
may use third-party services to provide services such as sending emails or help with technical support. We only work with companies that respect this privacy policy and agree to use the information provided solely for the designated purposes. Such third party services may be established inside or outside of the European Union.
Tracking and Location
PlayToddlers
does not collect any kind of information that allows to track or locate users individually.
Third Party Terms and Conditions
In our contents, we can include links to third-parties websites and services. Please be sure to review the privacy policy of those services and websites before using them, PlayToddlers is not responsible for the practices of those services and pages.
Also, to use content served through mobile application stores you must agree with the terms and conditions of those stores.
Legal Notice
In compliance with article 10 of Spanish Law 34/2002, of July 11, on services of the Information Society and Electronic Commerce (LSSICE), the company identification data are presented below.
PlayToddlers S.L.
- CIF B87796124, founded on 30-03-2017, registered in the Mercantile Registry of Madrid at Volume 35749, Folio 102, Sheet M-642447, Inscription 1st, domiciled at:
Avenida de la Via Láctea, 19 2 A
Móstoles, Madrid
Spain
hello (at) playtoddlers.com
This website has been created by
PlayToddlers S.L.
for information purposes and for the personal use of users. Through this Legal Notice, it is intended to regulate the access and use of this website, as well as the relationship between the website and its users. Accessing this website means knowing and accepting the terms and conditions described on this page: access to this website is the sole responsibility of the users.
PlayToddlers S.L.
Reserves the right to modify these terms of use at any time, such changes will only affect users who visit this website from the moment these changes are published.
All content displayed on the website
www.playtoddlers.com
belongs to
PlayToddlers S.L.
as exclusive intellectual property with all rights reserved.
Need some support?
Take a look to our support page.
Discover amazing games!
Games with values, for the whole family.
Join PlayToddlers!
Contact us and tell us what you are capable of.
Join PlayNews, our newsletter!
Be the first to know about updates and new games
Sign up
Instagram
Youtube
Twitter
Facebook
Flickr
Copyright © 2012-2023 PlayToddlers S.L.
Terms of Use