Robbery Madness Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 15, 2021
By using the game Robbery Madness, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and consent to our processing of information as specified therein.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM YOU
1.1. Personal Information
The game  does not knowingly ask for any Personal Information in our game. Anyway the game contains advertisements provided by Unity Ads and Gadsme. Those providers are using some user information in order to provide ads designed for specific device types, player languages, and game preference. Those information can be: device type, country, device language, in-game behavior and purchases, IP address, Apple’s Advertising Identifier (IDFA), and Google Play advertising ID.
Unity Ads and Gadsme are GDPR compliant. In case of Unity Ads, the user is able to disable this Ads targeting on each displayed Ads by clicking on the appropriate icon.
For more informations about Unity Ads, please see the links below:
https://unity3d.com/legal/gdpr
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
The game is using Unity Analytics, for the purposes of delivering our services. For more information please see the link below:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
For more informations about Gadsme:
https://www.gadsme.com/privacy-policy
The game is using third party services like Apple Game Center and Google Play Games, for purposes of saving the game progress (Cloud Saves). Those services can collect some information about you. Please follow the links below for more informations:
Game Center:
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/
Google Play Games:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
1.2. Non-personal Information
The game is made in Unity, which automatically collects information about the user's device. Such as device identifiers, IP address, country of install, device manufacturer, etc. Please see the following link for more informations:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
The game itself automatically collects information about your progress in the game and User specific settings, like Music Volume, Look sensitivity, Graphics Quality.
1.3. Links to Other Sites
This game contains links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
2.CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The game does not address anyone under the age of 13. We also do not knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. The game is intended only for players over 16 years of age, which is specified in our
Terms & Conditions
. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide us with any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided some personal information, please contact me at [robberymadness@gmail.com], so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
3. CHANGES
Privacy Policy is updated from time to time. Please visit this Privacy Policy page on a regular basis.
4.CONTACT US
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at [robberymadness@gmail.com].