INTRODUCTION AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY — Octopus Games
Перейти к содержимому
About
Solutions
Portfolio
Menu
About
Solutions
Portfolio
Team
Careers
Contacts
Menu
Team
Careers
Contacts
INTRODUCTION AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
INTRODUCTION AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Octopus Games LLP and its affiliates are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users («users» or «you»). This Privacy Policy (the «Policy») describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with our website at
gamedevsource.com
(the «Site») or any Octopus Games LLP game provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android) (collectively, the «Service»). Personal information can include, for example, an individual’s first and last name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or credit card number. Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to information collected or received by Octopus Games LLP through your use of the Service. Octopus Games LLP is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICE. We may update this Policy from time to time. You are responsible for periodically reading this Policy. We will post all changes to this Policy on this page and the modified policy will specify its effective date.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND USED
Our primary objective in collecting your information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable you to easily navigate and enjoy the Service. For example, Octopus Games LLP may use your information to create your account, improve our Service, provide customer support, resolve disputes, connect users, create reports for internal use and notify you of updates to the game (or of other/new games) and special promotions. We store information on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.
iOS or Other Platforms
When you use any of the Octopus Games LLP games or applications, we automatically collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID, hardware type, the version of your operating system («OS»), your in-game activity, and your location (based on your Internet Protocol («IP») address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends. Octopus Games LLP uses country information to customize the user experience and promotions, enforce our terms of service, and make recommendations about user connections. We may also give users the opportunity to opt-in to location-based services, which rely upon a device’s GPS coordinates. You may opt-out of these location services via the settings on your device. A user’s location may be used to suggest friends with whom they might want to connect, analyze usage trends or target certain promotions.
Platforms/Third-Party Marketplaces
In the course of providing our Service on third party platforms/marketplaces, such as Apple’s App Store, the platforms/marketplaces may collect information about you or receive information from us in order for the platforms/marketplaces to provide or analyze their services. Please note that these platforms/marketplaces were developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by Octopus Games LLP and that Octopus Games LLP is not responsible for the actions of those people or companies. You should carefully review the terms of service and privacy policies of the platforms/third-party marketplaces that you use to access our Service.
When you use or connect to a Octopus Games LLP mobile app by or through a Third Party Platform,  such as Facebook or other social networking site,  you allow us to access and/or collect certain information from your Third Party Platform profile/account (such as your Facebook account) or via any cookies placed on your device by such Third Party Platform as permitted by the terms of the agreement and your privacy settings with the Third Party Platform. We will share such information with the Third Party Platform for their use as permitted by the terms of the agreement and your privacy setting with the Third Party Platform.
Facebook Connect
If you sign into the Service with Facebook Connect we will collect information that is visible via your Facebook account such as: (1) your first and last name, (2) Facebook ID, (3) Profile Picture/URL, and (4) list of Facebook friends. Your name will be primarily used for user registration and in social features, which may include friend-to-friend interaction, chat or messaging functionality, public leaderboards, head-to-head competition and other similar features.
In-Game Dialog Boxes
When you register to play our games through the Service, we may ask whether you’d like to provide us with certain pieces of information, which could include: your email, username, phone number, gender, birthdate, home address, and address book. We will do this through in-game dialog boxes, which you may choose to skip. If you provide your email address in connection with a Octopus Games LLP game, the email address will be retained by Octopus Games LLP and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with Octopus Games LLP games and notify you about company news and promotions. Your username may be used for social features in our games (e.g., presenting someone’s name on a message board). Your phone number may be used to help connect you with other users via our social networking system and for SMS notifications. Your gender and birthdate may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions. Your home address will be used if we have merchandise or other physical promotional materials we want to send to you. We may also request access to your address book to connect you to other players in the game. If we begin offering our Service on a platform without an in-app purchase billing system, we may need to collect credit card and billing information.
Email Newsletter
You may elect to sign up for the Octopus Games LLP email newsletter, which will contain information and advertisements about our products. We may also contact you with targeted email promotions.
Website
When you visit our Site, your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically. We may also collect information about your usage and activity, such as number of clicks, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. We may use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Service.
Other Collection
We may also acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2) your email of a question to our customer support, (3) your purchase of a virtual product of any type, (4) your participation in surveys regarding the Service or (5) your participation in a sweepstakes or contest through the Service.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with Octopus Games LLP games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at
support@gamedevsource.com
.
Push Notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you.  You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files.  This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them.  This data is stored within Amazon Web Services.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics and MobileAppTracking by Tune. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties.  We do not have access or control over these third parties.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service.  The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address.  They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services.  After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service.  In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
How We Use Information
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:
create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
identify and suggest connections with other Octopus Games LLP users;
operate and improve our Service;
understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
provide and deliver products and services you request;
send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Octopus Games LLP and our selected partners;
enable you to communicate with other users;
link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user’s computer and to «remember» things about the user’s visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. The Service sends cookies to your computer when you access or view content of Octopus Games LLP game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our Service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
We may feature advertisements served by third party advertising companies which deliver cookies to your computer so the ads you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies tag your computer with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
WEB BEACONS
We may collect information using Web beacons. Web beacons or «gifs», are electronic images that may be used on our Site or in our emails. We may use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Octopus Games LLP does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies.
Octopus Games LLP may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. Examples of these services include sending e-mails to you and analyzing data. While these agents and service providers may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for Octopus Games LLP, they may not use such information for any purpose other than providing such services to us.
We may release your information as permitted by law or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Octopus Games LLP may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We may share aggregate and anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
CHANGING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
You may contact us regarding any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy by visiting
Our Contact Page
(https://gamedevsource.com/#Contacts)
. If you completely delete all of your information, your account may become deactivated. You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations. Under California law, California Residents who have an established business relationship with us may choose to opt out of the disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval. If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval, please contact us at
Our Contact Page
(https://gamedevsource.com/#Contacts)
SECURITY
Octopus Games LLP has put in place industry standard technical and organizational measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact our
Support Team
(https://gamedevsource.com/#Contacts)
!
© 2014-2022 Octopus Games
Trademarks belong to their respective owners. All rights reserved.