Tunnel Town : Privacy Policy
Tunnel Town
Home
Screenshots
Help
Feedback
Privacy Policy
Tunnel Town™ Privacy Policy
WildWorks, Inc.
Privacy Policy
WildWorks, Inc. ("WildWorks") has developed this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use and protect the information we may acquire through your use of Tunnel Town™, other WildWorks games ("
WildWorks Games
") or any website operated by WildWorks (collectively with WildWorks Games, the "
Services
").  Your privacy is important to us and we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you can make informed decisions about your use of the Services.
If you have any questions about our use of information or these terms, please contact us at
support@tunneltown.com
. Our customer service personnel will strive to professionally and amicably resolve any concerns or complaints regarding the collection, use, transfer or disclosure of information.
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND CONSENT TO THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED HEREIN.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Non-Personally Identifying Information
means information that, by itself, does not personally identify you. Non-Personally Identifying Information includes Personal Information that has been de-personalized or aggregated, demographic information, Services usage Information and device properties such as: (a) unique device identifier ("UDID"), Media Access Control ("MAC") Address, or other device identifiers; (b) device software platform, firmware and manufacturer; (c) mobile phone carrier; (d) geographical information such as zip code, area code, internet protocol ("IP") address and location; and (e) other Non-Personally Identifying Information that we might find useful in improving the Services or other WildWorks services.
How Non-Personally Identifying Information is Collected.
We may collect Non-Personally Identifying Information through your interaction with us and/or your use of the Services.  We may also employ third-party ad serving and/or analytics technologies that use certain methods to collect information through the Services.  These technologies may be imbedded within the Services and may collect demographic and location information as well as information from your device including, but not limited to IP address, UDID, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet and on-line usage information and in-game information.
How Non-Personally Identifying Information is Used.
We may collect and store your Non-Personally Identifying Information to analyze Service usage, improve and serve ads, manage and provide the Services or for any other purposes relating to improving WildWorks services and products. We may disclose Non-Personally Identifying Information to third parties and/or allow third parties to collect Non-Personally Identifying Information through embedded technology within the Services.  These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.  You acknowledge that the third parties, such as advertising and analytics specialists that receive Non-Personally Identifying Information may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products.  If you do not want to be subject to the practices of these third parties, please do not use or access the Services.
Whenever practicable, we will use anonymized versions of device identifiers to make it more difficult for third parties to combine the information from the Services with other information sources.  Although we take commercially reasonable steps to instruct third parties to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, we do not have access to or control of third-party technologies.
Cookies, Beacons and Tracking.
The Services may use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags, clear GIFs and web beacons.  WildWorks treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as Non-Personally Identifying Information.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
Personally Identifying Information
means specific identifiable information about you which may be used by itself to identify, contact or locate you (e.g., your name, mailing address, email address, screen name, social network site ID, phone number, photo(s), birthdate, gender, or social network friend connections. WildWorks may use collected Personally Identifying Information for purposes of analyzing Services usage, providing customer and technical support.
How We May Acquire Personally Identifying Information.
We collect and store Personally Identifying Information only with your consent and we do not sell your Personally Identifying Information to third parties. We may acquire your Personally Identifying Information when you participate in in-game registration, contests and special events; access Services using a third-party ID (such as an ID from a social networking site or gaming service); subscribe to news updates; share on a social network via the Services; request technical or customer support; or otherwise provide Personally Identifying Information to use or access features of the Services.  We will not access your photos, videos, GPS data, address book, call log or SMS Log without your express consent to do so.  Please note that some elements of the Services may not be available if you do not consent to our use and storage of these items.
How Personally Identifying Information is Used.
We may use your Personally Identifying Information to provide customer and technical support, improve the Services, provide personalized elements of the Services, optimize delivery of the Services (including ad content) and further develop WildWorks Games or other WildWorks services and products.  Personal Information may occasionally be disclosed in accordance with applicable law and this Privacy Policy. We may combine Non-Personally Identifying Information with Personally Identifying Information.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Financial Information
means information relating to payments and billing (e.g. account information, billing address, social security number and driver's license numbers).
How We May Acquire Financial Information.
We may collect and store your Financial Information when you provide it to us, such as when you conduct a transaction through the Services, contact customer support or participate in certain in-Service registrations, contests or special events.  We do not collect Financial Information about you when you purchase WildWorks Games through Distributors.
How Financial Information is Used.
All Financial Information is collected for billing and payment purposes only and will be protected and administered by WildWorks and/or our authorized third party partners.  We do not sell your Personally Identifying Information to third parties, but we may share your Financial Information with third-parties as needed to provide the Services and as described in this Privacy Policy.
SOCIAL NETWORKS
Certain features of the Services may enable you to connect to social networking sites and for us to obtain additional information about you and your social network.  In such instances, we may be able to collect certain Personally Identifying Information and Non-Personally Identifying Information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make such information available to us. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, social network user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site "friends" and other information you have included in your social networking site profile.  We may associate, combine and/or use information collected through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control.
We may use third-party companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf such as fulfilling orders, hosting, information storage, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing Information, providing marketing assistance and providing customer service.  We will provide such entities with access to certain information they need to perform their functions, but we will take measures to ensure that they may not use the information for other purposes.  We share information only as described above and only with third parties that are either subject to this Privacy Policy or to a privacy policy that is at least as protective as this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers.
We may reorganize, get acquired or create subsidiaries. If we do, the information you provide may be transferred as a business asset.  Said information will remain subject to any pre-existing privacy polices (unless you consent otherwise.)  We may also provide your Financial Information, Personally Identifying Information and Non-Personally Identifying Information to other companies in the WildWorks family.  We reserve the right to any information collected from you upon the occurrence of any such transaction.
Legal.
We disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders and other legal processes as well as to establish/exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will share Personally Identifying Information and Non-Personally Identifying Information in order to investigate, prevent or take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS
If you have opted to receive email communication from us, WildWorks may use your email address to send you emails describing promotions or events.  You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails by following the instructions in the email or by contacting us at
support@tunneltown.com
.  Once WildWorks has processed your opt-out request, WildWorks will not send you further promotional emails unless you opt back in to receiving such communications.  Whether you opt out of receiving promotional emails or not, WildWorks reserves the right to communicate with you via email with respect to important information, notices or changes relating to the Services.
INFORMATION RETENTION AND CORRECTNESS
WildWorks may retain the Information collected subject to this Privacy Policy for the time needed to fulfill the purposes referenced in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  WildWorks does not verify the correctness of Personally Identifying Information.
Even if information is changed or deleted, we may still retain some of the information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of Services.
THIRD PARTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please note that your access to and use of the Services may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, on-line gaming platforms and social networking services.  You recognize and agree that WildWorks is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and any third party's use of your Personally Identifying Information.
We do not store or share your financial information except as described in this Privacy Policy.  However, if you bought or otherwise accessed the Services through a third-party distributor such as Apple, Google or Amazon, that company may collect and store your Financial Information. Please review any applicable Distributor's privacy policies to see how it handles your information. Here is a link to the privacy policy of one of the Distributors we use:
Apple -
http://www.apple.com/privacy/
SECURITY
While no security system is completely secure, we and our third-party partners and vendors take commercially-reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the information collected, including but not limited to, ensuring that all Personally Identifying Information is disclosed only on a "need to know" basis.
MINORS
We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifying Information from persons under the age of 18. If it comes to our attention that Personally Identifying Information has been collected from a person under the age of 18, we will delete this information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we may have Personally Identifying Information from or about a child under the age of 18, please contact us at the email address below.
CONDITIONS OF USE/CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
In choosing to access the Services, you agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to the use of your information as described herein is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.  We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Services constitutes acceptance of such changes.
CONTACT.
Please contact us at
support@tunneltown.com
if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
Copyright 2014 © WildWorks, Inc.
Terms
·
Privacy