Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 21, 2022
This policy describes what information we collect from you and how we use and manage it. This Privacy Policy may be revised without notice and will become effective upon posting on this page.
How the Company Uses Your Personal Information
This policy covers how EKKORR Co.,Ltd.("Company", “we”, “us” or "our") treats personal information that we collect and receive.
Personal information is the information about you that is personally identifiable such as your name, address, email address, or unique device ID (“UDID”) and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that the Company does not own or control or to people that the Company does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
The Company may collect personal information when you register with the Company.
When you use the Service, the Company may ask you to create a nickname (“Nickname”) which will become your user name and the Company-generated ID shall be provided to you (collectively “User ID”), and depending on the Service (as defined under the Terms of Service), the Company may ask for information such as your name, home address, phone number, email address, Google® credentials (including Google Plus®), Facebook® credentials, and/or any other applicable third party social network service (collectively “SNS”) providers.
When using the Services via SNS, you may be able to use applicable SNS to sign into the Service and authenticate your account, which would allow you to be recognized in-app based on your SNS account.
In this case, the Company may collect your account information, such as your name, gender, date of birth, SNS ID, phone number, and SNS friends. This will allow the Company to provide you with social features, such as chat, messaging, leaderboard, and other similar features.
When purchasing products or services of the Service, you will be required to provide additional information such as a valid credit card number, expiration date, and billing addresses. In addition, the Company may collect UDID, your geographic location based on you IP address, your game platform ID (“GP ID”), the version of your operating system (“OS”), MAC Address, and your in-Service activity.
We may ask additional information such as your date of birth (age), and gender. Additionally, after you register and sign in to our services, certain information that you provide is not anonymous to us: a user has the capability to search for another user on any applicable SNS.
Please note that the personal information that we collect will allow us to inform you about our products, services, and upgrades, to provide technical/order support regarding your use of our service. In addition, we may use personal information internally to conduct research and evaluation to enhance our service to you.
The Company may install a software development kit (“SDK”) in the Service. The Company may use the information collected using the kit for services such as calculating conversion rates and analyzing advertising performance.
The SDK may collect your personal information, such as your IP address, version of your OS, UDID, MAC Address, and geographic location.
Additionally, your personal information may be assigned or transferred to third-party assignees in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization, or other similar changes in the Company’s corporate structure. If such an event occurs, we will notify appropriate information regarding the change to users who have provided the Company with his/her contact information.
The Company may collect information through other activities that you may participate in, such as contests, surveys, customer support, and purchase of Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods (as defined in the Terms of Service).
In addition to the information that the Company may collect, applicable third-party marketplace, such as Google’s Android Market and Apple’s App Store, may collect your information. You understand and agree that the Company is not responsible for such third-party marketplace collection, and is not responsible for the actions of these third parties.
Please review the terms provided by these third parties.
Lastly, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information if required by law, instances including but not limited to, responding to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. 
In addition, we may disclose the information if we reasonably believe it is necessary to share information to investigate, prevent, or bring legal action against you if you are suspected of conducting illegal activities, violating the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, or other applicable agreement(s) for the Company, its products or other related third party that causes injury to us and/or to other users.
Under California law, if you are a legal resident of the State of California, you may request information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to third parties.
As discussed above, we do not disclose or share your personal information with third-party companies without your consent. If you wish to opt-out to prevent your personal information from being disclosed or shared with third parties and/or receiving information from the Company regarding our products, services, or promotions, please inform the Company at ekkorrgame@ekkorr.com.
Retaining and Deleting Personal Information
Users and their legal representatives can view or modify their registered personal information anytime through the platform operator or app store operator and request termination of the service by logging out and deleting the application.
Users and their legal representatives may withdraw their consent to provide personal information (delete account) anytime. To do so, you are to click “Delete Account” in the “Settings” of the game app.
Security of Your Information
We have put in place appropriate security measures, including encryption and de-identification, to prevent your personal information from being accidentally leaked, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, etc. who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place safety procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so. However, we will not be responsible for any problems that may arise despite those safety measures and procedures, such as your negligence or problems on the internet. Please note that no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure and that complete security of any information we collect and use therefore cannot be guaranteed.
Your Privacy Rights
Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your personal information, and to request access to, rectification, erasure, and portability of your own personal information. To make a request concerning your rights or if you have any other questions, please contact us by sending an email to the address specified in the please contact the Company at ekkorrgame@ekkorr.com. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Cookies on the Company
Cookies are small bits of information sent by a host that is stored on your hard drive or storage by your device’s browser.
Cookies speed up your online usage by remembering your personal information such as your User ID (i.e. your e-mail address and/or password), and gather your Service activities data for improving the quality of the Service and marketing or promotional purposes.
You may disable cookies on your device. However, each device and its browser have unique cookies preference setting so please refer to your device for more information.
Minors Under the Age of 13 & the Between the Ages of 13 and 18
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register.
NO ONE UNDER THE AGE OF 13 MAY PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 13, PLEASE DO NOT ATTEMPT TO REGISTER OR SEND ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF TO US, INCLUDING YOUR NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, AND/OR EMAIL ADDRESS.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please inform the Company at ekkorrgame@ekkorr.com.
IF YOU ARE BETWEEN THE AGES OF 13 AND 18, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN HAS REVIEWED AND AGREES TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE AND THE PRIVACY NOTICE.
Information Retention
We retain the information as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the reliable services. For example, we need the information of the inactive users in case they require their account data.
Information Transfer
We may transfer the data to a certain country in order to retain and process your information. This transfer is limited to the purpose of providing the service to users.
Confidentiality
We grant the right to access to personal information about you only to authorized employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy please contact the Company at ekkorrgame@ekkorr.com.
GDPR
The personal information collected by us shall be used only for the purposes specified in the Privacy Policy 'Information Collection and Use', and shall be notified to the users in advance and agreed upon. Residents of EU member countries may refuse to process their personal information under GDPR and withdraw their consent at any time if they do not wish to use the service. Requests for the above can be made via email through the Customer Service Center. Email address: ekkorrgame@ekkorr.com
CCPA
The users living in California are entitled to receive specific information on how we process their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We can also share your personal information with third parties to provide better service. Based on the CCPA judgment, this may be considered as the 'sale' and you have the right to refuse the sale of your personal information using email or the opt-out feature in the game. Email address: ekkorrgame@ekkorr.com
Amendments
We may amend, at our discretion, any portion of this Policy at any time by posting or displaying the amended Policy on the official community. You will be deemed to have accepted such amendments by continuing to use the Service, so please review it frequently.