Lite Tools Games
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Lite Tools Games
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes how we (
Lite Tools Games,
AoFun Games Studio
) collect the information when you play our games downloaded from Google Play Store, Apple Store and other third party app store. The Policy also explains how we use and disclose the information collected from you.
“Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations.
What
Personal Data
We Collect ?
When you register for the Services as a registered user, we may collect the following Personal Data from you directly:
your name,
email address
zip code/postal code
user name.
We also may receive Personal Data from other third parties if you sign-up to use the Services via certain third-party social networking sites (each a “Social Networking Service”). In this case, we may receive and use Personal Data you have provided to such Social Networking Services and made available via your account privacy settings. In this regard, we may choose to collect the following Personal Data:
your name,
profile picture
friends list
IP address
Facebook and other unique IDs
email address
If you do not provide us the relevant Personal Data, you may not be able to use our Services completely.
We also may collect the following Personal Data from our website or your device when you are using the Services or are navigating to the Services from other (third party) websites: certain information about your computer or mobile device including operating system, software version, Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, mac address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, language, details about your browser, location information (including inferred location based off your IP address), Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the Services. Information we collect may be associated with your account and the devices you use.
If you choose to purchase any virtual goods as part of your use of the Services, to the extent available, we or our third-party service providers may collect the following Personal Data from you in order to facilitate your payment for such virtual goods: Purchase history (this does NOT include payment method details or banking information which is collected and processed by a third-party).
How We Use Your Personal Data?
To Provide Products, Services, or Information Requested including to manage user information and accounts; respond to questions, comments, and other requests; provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services; answer requests for customer or technical support; and allow you to register for events.
For Administrative Purposes including to measure interest and engagement on our Services; conduct research and development; improve or develop new products and Services; ensure internal quality control; verify an individual’s identity; communicate with you about your account, activities on our Services and policy changes; process your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased; process applications and transactions; prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and enforce our terms.
To Market Our Products and Services including to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include to tailor content, advertisements, and offers; to notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you; to provide Services to you and our sponsors; and other purposes you consent to or are disclosed when you provide Personal Data.
To Communicate with You including to collect Personal Data from you such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
To better understand how users access and use our Applications and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our Applications and Services, analyze player traffic and activity, respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
Where permitted by law, and in accordance with all applicable terms and conditions, for marketing and promotional purposes. For example, we may use your information, such as your email address, to email you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you. We may also use the information that we learn about you to determine where to assist us in advertising our Applications and Services.
How We
Share
Your Personal Data?
W do not sell your Personal Data to third parties, nor have we sold Personal Data in the past 12 months.We disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of service providers and other parties:
Payment processors(Such as Apple and Google).
Ad networks(Such as Google Admob, Facebook, Unity, Ironsource, Applovin, Adcolony).
Hosting and other technology and communications providers.
Analytics providers(Such as Appsflyer).
Social media services.
In order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To protect us or our users to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy, or as support or evidence in any dispute or litigation in which we are involved.
With your consent.
Other parties authorized by you.
Personal Data
Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. For example, the Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of Personal Data you provide to us. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account。
If you believe that an unauthorized access has already occurred please report it immediately to us.
We will store your Personal Data for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
If you want to delete your account data in our game, please enter settings page, logout third party account(Such as Google,
F
acebook), and contact us by email(you must provide your Player
ID
or Facebook ID), we will
help you
delete your account data stored in our game.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you have certain rights with respect to that information.
Right to Know.
You have a right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected about you. You also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale of such personal information. Note that we have provided much of this information in this privacy statement. You may make such a “request to know” by contacting us with email.
Right to Request Deletion.
You also have a right to request that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions. To make a request to delete, you may email us.
Right to Opt-Out.
Note that the CCPA defines “sell” and “personal information” very broadly, and some of our data sharing described in this privacy statement may be considered a “sale” under those definitions. In the past 12 months, we have sold cookie IDs, device IDs, and IP addresses. To opt-out from “sales” of personal information, please visit our “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” page. We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Further, to provide or delete specific pieces of personal information we will need to verify your identity to the degree of certainty required by law. We will verify your request by asking for your name and your email address or the username associated with your account.
Finally, you have a right to receive notice of our practices at or before collection of personal information, and you have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights set out in the CCPA.
Additionally, under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by email. Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated email address.
California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services, or applications have a right under California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 to remove, or request and obtain removal of, content or information they have publicly posted. To request that we remove content or information you have publicly posted, email us. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data about children under 16 years of age; if you are a child under the age of 16, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 16 years of age, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 years of age may have provided Personal Data to us, please contact us with email.
Other
Facebook Ads Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google Ads Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Goole Play Refund policies:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2479637#policy
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so please be sure to check regularly. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the primary access points to the Services or as otherwise required by applicable law.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at :
WonderCrossword@outlook.com
Amended September 17, 2021.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse