PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Timuz Games has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to  explain how Timuz Games collects, stores, and uses the information collected in  connection with Timuz Games’s products, services and websites including, but not  limited to Timuz Games’s Games, Timuz Games Games on-line stores.
Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy  Policy, please contact us at privacy[a]Timuz Games.com.
BY INSTALLING, USING, REGISTERING TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING  THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND GIVE AN EXPLICIT AND  INFORMED CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN  ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY  POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE, REGISTER TO OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE  SERVICES. Timuz Games reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable  times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will  signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
1. Non-personal data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data”  means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally,  non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is  data Timuz Games collects about the use of Timuz Games Services, from which any personally  identifiable data has been removed.
Timuz Games may use tools or third party analytical software to  automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly  enable Timuz Games to identify you. The types of non-personal data Timuz Games may collect  and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but  not limited to IP address, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and unique  device identifier or other persistent or non-persistent device identifier  ("Device ID"); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii)  mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and  coarse location; (v) game progress, time used playing, score and achievements;  (vi) other non-personal data as reasonably required by Timuz Games to enhance the Services  and other Timuz Games products and services.
Timuz Games may use Flurry analytics tool  in order to develop and analyze use of the Services. If you wish to opt-out  from Flurry analytics, please follow this link:  http://www.flurry.com/resources/privacy.html.
Timuz Games may use and disclose to  Timuz Games’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes  of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and  providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other Timuz Games  services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies  utilized by Timuz Games may combine the information collected with other information  they have independently collected from other services or products relating to  your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own  privacy policies.
Timuz Games may supplement your personal and non-personal data  with data received from third parties in connection with demographic,  advertisement, market and other analytics surveys or services.
2. Ad Serving Technology
Timuz Games reserves the right to use and disclose the collected  non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by Timuz Games or Timuz Games’s partners and contractors. Timuz Games may employ third party ad  serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a  result of ad serving through Services. Timuz Games or third parties operating the ad  serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as  information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising  is presented within the Service. Timuz Games or third parties may collect and use  data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including but  not limited to for purposes of determining your coarse location), Device ID,  MAC, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet and  on-line usage information and in-game information. The foregoing data may be  used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy  policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who  deliver ads for Timuz Games may combine the information collected with other  information they have independently collected from other services or products.  These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.  These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want  to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Although Timuz Games  takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to  comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, Timuz Games does not  have access to or control of third party technologies.
Timuz Games may display to you  behaviorally targeted advertising. If you wish to "opt out" of  certain targeted advertising, please visit http://www.youradchoices.com and/or  www.networkadvertising.org. Please note that the links above may not reach all  Timuz Games’s advertising partners and certain behaviorally targeted advertising may  still be displayed to you. If you want to be certain that no behaviorally  targeted advertisements are not displayed to you, please do not use or access  the Services. Additionally please note that if you “opt out” it does not mean  that you will no longer receive advertising. It just means that the advertising  you see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests and may be  less relevant to you.
3. Location Data
To the extent Timuz Games makes location enabled Services  available and you use such Services, Timuz Games may collect and process your  location data to provide location related Services and advertisements. For  example, some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated locations. Timuz Games  may use various technologies to determine location, such as GPS, Wi-Fi or other  network-based data such as IP address. Your GPS geo-location is not accessed  without your consent. Notwithstanding Timuz Games’s partners who are providing  location related parts of the Service, Timuz Games will not share your GPS  geo-location with third parties without your consent. To the extent Timuz Games makes  available GPS geo-location to third parties in accordance with this Privacy  Policy, it will be provided anonymously. Please note that Timuz Games may share your  anonymous coarse location with its partners.
4. Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means  personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an  individual.
Likely situations when you make personal data available to  Timuz Games include, but are not limited to: (i) registration for Services, contests  and special events; (ii) accessing Services using a third party ID, such as  social networking sites or gaming services; (iii) subscribing to newsletters;  (iv) purchasing a product or services through Timuz Games’s online stores; (v) using “tell a friend,” "email this page," or other  similar features; (vi) requesting technical support; and (vii) otherwise  through use of Timuz Games Services where personal data is required for use and/or  participation.
The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of  activity you are engaged in. The personal data Timuz Games may collect, process and  use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/nick name, Timuz Games  Services’ or third party service ID, e-mail address, phone number, photo or  other image, birth date, sex, address, friend connections, avatar image, credit  card information, shipping information; and location (only if directly  identifiable to you, otherwise Timuz Games treats location as non-personal data).
If you choose to use Timuz Games’s  "tell a friend" or a similar service about Timuz Games Services or order a  gift certificate for your friend, Timuz Games may store your friend's name and  contact details that you provide to Timuz Games.
Timuz Games may use personal and non-personal data, both  individually and combined together, for purposes of analyzing usage of the  Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing  Services (including managing advertisement serving), customizing Timuz Games’s  communications and to further develop the Services and other Timuz Games services and  products. Timuz Games may combine non-personal data with  personal data.
Timuz Games may use your personal data to send messages to you  with informative and/or commercial content about Timuz Games’s services or third party products and services Timuz Games thinks may be of  interest to you, such as new features and services, special offers and updated  information.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be  able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional  information about you. In such cases, Timuz Games may be able to collect certain  information from your social networking profile when your social networking  site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to  make that information available to Timuz Games. This information may include, but is  not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address,  your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on  your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking  site “friends” and other information you have included in your social  networking site profile. Timuz Games may associate and/or combine as well as use  information collected by Timuz Games and/or obtained through such social networking  sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Personal data may be disclosed in accordance with applicable  legislation and this Privacy Policy. Additionally, Timuz Games may disclose personal  data to its parent companies and its subsidiaries in accordance with this  Privacy Policy.
Timuz Games may hire agents and  contractors to collect and process personal data on Timuz Games’s behalf and in such  cases such agents and contractors will be instructed to comply with our Privacy  Policy and to use personal data only for the purposes for which the third party  has been engaged by Timuz Games. These agents and contractors may not use your  personal data for their own marketing purposes. Timuz Games may use third party  service providers such as credit card processors, e-mail service providers,  shipping agents, data analyzers and business intelligence providers. Timuz Games has  the right to share your personal data as necessary for the aforementioned third  parties to provide their services for Timuz Games. Timuz Games is not liable for the acts  and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
Timuz Games may disclose your personal data to third parties as  required by law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an  investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity  that is illegal or may expose you or Timuz Games to legal liability. Timuz Games may also  disclose your personal data to third parties when Timuz Games has a reason to believe  that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference  with Timuz Games’s rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or  may suffer loss or damage, or Timuz Games believes that such disclosure is necessary  to protect Timuz Games’s rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial  proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Timuz Games. To the extent  permitted by applicable law, Timuz Games will make reasonable efforts to notify you  of such disclosure through Timuz Games’s website or in another reasonable manner.
6. Data Retention and Correctness
Timuz Games retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy  Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this  Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by  law. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes  specified in this Privacy Policy, Timuz Games deletes all aforementioned data in its  possession within a reasonable timeframe. Timuz Games does  not verify the correctness of personal data.
Irrespective of the above, Timuz Games may still retain some of  the data to the extent such retention is necessary to resolve disputes, enforce  Timuz Games user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and  constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of Services.
7. Cookies, beacons and tracking
The Services may use “cookies” and other technologies such  as pixel tags, locally shared objects, clear GIFs and web beacons. Timuz Games treats  information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
Cookies: A “cookie” is a small bit of record-keeping  information that websites often store on a user's computer. Timuz Games’s cookies do  not include personal data and are typically used to quickly identify your  device and to “remember” you. You can disable cookies or set your browser to  alert you when cookies are being sent to your device; however, disabling  cookies may affect your ability to use the Services.
Flash cookies & HTML5: Timuz Games may also use Flash cookies  (locally shared objects) and HTML5 storage (locally stored objects). Locally  shared objects are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to  remember your settings to personalize the look and feel of the Services.  Locally shared objects only collect data in the aggregate. You may prevent  locally shared objects from being placed by disabling locally stored objects in  your browser or visit www.adobe.com. Locally stored objects, such as HTML5 Web  Storage, are used for similar purposes as cookies but typically may contain a  greater amount and different types of data than browser cookies.
Web Beacons and pixel tags: A “web beacon” or a “pixel tag”  is an electronic image that allows Timuz Games to count users who have visited  certain pages or viewed certain advertisements. Web beacons, like cookies, do  not include personal data. E-mails and other electronic communications Timuz Games  sends to you may contain pixel tags that enable Timuz Games to track your usage of  the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what  links were followed, if any.
8. Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that your access to and use of the Services may  be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies,  including but not limited to application stores, map data providers, mobile  software platforms, on-line gaming platforms, social networking services and  payment providers. You recognize and agree that Timuz Games is not liable for any  such third party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.
Timuz Games may in its discretion make available links through  advertisements or otherwise enable you to access third party products or  services. Please note that, while using such products or services, you are  using products or services developed and administered by people or companies  not affiliated with or controlled by Timuz Games. Timuz Games is not responsible for the  actions of those people or companies, the content of their products or  services, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or  services they may offer. The fact that Timuz Games is linking to those products or  services does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those  people or companies.
Timuz Games may from time to time make available Timuz Games’s partners’  services, such as sweepstakes or polls and such services may require you to  disclose personal data in order to register for and access such services. Such  services will reasonably identify the partners at the point of where you are  required to disclose personal data. If you at that point choose to disclose  your personal data, such personal data may be transferred directly or via Timuz Games  to such third parties and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices  of such third parties. Timuz Games is not responsible for the privacy practices and  policies of such third parties and, therefore, you should review the privacy  practices and policies of such third parties prior disclosing any personal data  in relation to such services.
Please note that certain Services that Timuz Games may offer, such  as multiplayer gaming, social networking and gaming console services, may use  third party services to provide authentication for the Services with a gaming  console ID, social networking ID or gaming network account. When you register  to join or use the Services from a third-party gaming or social networking  system, certain personally identifiable user and/or membership data may be  transferred automatically to and from Timuz Games and you hereby consent to the  processing, using, combining, disclosing and retaining of such data in  accordance with this Privacy Policy by Timuz Games.
9. Safeguards
Timuz Games follows generally accepted industry standards and  maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity  and privacy of the information in Timuz Games’s possession. Only those persons with a  need to process your personal data in connection with the fulfillment of their  tasks in accordance with the purposes of this Privacy Policy and for the  purposes of performing technical maintenance, have access to your personal data  in Timuz Games’s possession. Personal data collected by Timuz Games is stored in secure  operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent  unauthorized on-line access to personal data, Timuz Games maintains personal data  behind a firewall-protected server. However, no system can be 100% secure and  there is the possibility that despite Timuz Games’s reasonable efforts, there could  be unauthorized access to your personal data. By using the Services, you assume  this risk.
10. Other
Please be aware of the open nature of certain social  networking and other open features of the Services Timuz Games may make available to  you. You may choose to disclose data about yourself in the course of  contributing user generated content to the Services. Any data that you disclose  in any of these forums, blogs, chats or the like is public information, and there  is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Timuz Games is not responsible for  any personal data you choose to make public in any of these forums.
If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country  of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the  Services. Timuz Games encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in  their children's online experience at all times. Timuz Games does not knowingly  collect any personal information from children under 13 years of age and if  Timuz Games learns that Timuz Games has inadvertently gathered personal data from children  under 13 years of age, Timuz Games will take reasonable measures to promptly erase  such personal data from Timuz Games’s records.
Timuz Games may store and/or transfer your personal data to its  affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United  States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. Timuz Games  may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate  merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Timuz Games’s  stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation,  during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this  Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
11. Further information
Timuz Games makes good faith efforts to enable you to review,  update or correct your personal data in Timuz Games’s possession. In order to do so,  please contact Timuz Games at privacy Timuz Games.com. Timuz Games will need sufficient information  from you to establish your identity and to verify your access request, and also  to assist us in handling your request. Please note that even if personal data  is changed or deleted according to your request, Timuz Games may still retain some of  your personal data to resolve disputes, enforce Timuz Games user agreement(s), and  comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the  security, integrity and operation of Timuz Games Services.
Timuz Games regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy  Policy. If Timuz Games receives a formal written complaint from you, Timuz Games will  attempt to contact you directly to address any of your concerns. Timuz Games will  cooperate with the appropriate governmental authorities, including data  protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the collection,  use, transfer or disclosure of personal data that cannot be amicably resolved  between you and Timuz Games. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or  relating to this Privacy Policy or the breach, termination or validity thereof  shall be finally settled at Timuz Games's discretion (i) at your domicile's competent  courts; or (ii) by arbitration in accordance with the Rules for Expedited  Arbitration of the Arbitration Institute of the Indian Chamber of Commerce. The  arbitration shall be conducted in india, in the English language. YOU AGREE  THAT YOU MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST Timuz Games ONLY IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND  NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE  PROCEEDING.