Frenzy Games Studio
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Frenzy Games Studio
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the world of mobile gaming provided by Frenzy Games Studio, its affiliates, and its subsidiaries (collectively “us,” “our,” “we”).
Frenzy Games Studio
is committed to protecting your privacy.
Frenzy Games Studio
owns, operates, or provides access to several interactive games and applications of mobile and services. This Privacy Policy describes among other things, the types of information collected about you when you visit our games, how your information may be used, and when it may be disclosed, how you can control the use and disclosure of your information, and how your information is protected. Trust is a cornerstone of our mission at
Frenzy Games Studio
. We are committed to gaining and maintaining your trust by following a core set of Privacy Principles.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not collect Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax and other device numbers, social security numbers, calendar entries stored within your Device, contact entries stored within your Device, files, content, photographs, location information and other metadata in photographs and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Services, and/or the Site which identifies you or another person. Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device, including from your address book, location, photos or contacts folder, in order to enable certain features of an Application or the Services, such as the feature that finds and suggests mutual friends and other individuals who you may know. Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active.
SECURITY
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information or is impenetrable.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements. If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service, and not to this Privacy Policy. We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information. Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service.
OUR POLICY TOWARD CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
The Services are not directed to children under 13 years of age. If you become aware that your child under 13 has provided us with personal information without your consent. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. By using any Application, the Services or the Site, you are representing to us that you are not under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years of age, you are not authorized to use any of the Applications and must immediately delete it from your User Devices. We recommend that minors, who are 13 years old but under 18 years old, ask their parents or legal guardians for permission before sending any information about themselves to us or anyone else, whether by using an Application, the Services or the Site.
Privacy Protections for Children
Our game services are not intended for children. Our games are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. We may ask for your age to ensure that we are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken when information has been collected from children under 18. In those instances where a Frenzy Games Studio service has actual knowledge that it collects information from children or offers a service directed
toward children as defined under applicable laws, it will comply with those laws.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the last modified date and such changes will be effective upon posting.
Contact & Complaints
If  you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time. You may also submit questions or comments using the
email
address listed below
.
squadcell.playgames@gmail.com
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse