Privacy Policy -
Skip to content
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Contact Us
About Us
Main Menu
About Us
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Sample Page
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Eagle Games SE AB is a Swedish game development company that specializes in creating mobile games. This privacy policy illustrates the way user data may be collected and processed by Eagle Games SE AB when you use one of our games or visit our website. This privacy policy administers and minutiae the major doctrines that Eagle Games SE AB  applies to the data we collect and process to:
(i) Develop, publish and monetize mobile games (Android and IOS), and
(ii) Run our official website
https://eaglegamesstudiose.com/
For any queries related to this policy or our procedures around privacy and data protection in general, please feel free to contact Eagle Games SE AB  team on the provided contact information in this policy.
Our policy regarding children
Eagle Games SE AB
never knowingly or willingly collect any personal data vis-à-vis children under 16 years of age.
WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHY DO WE COLLECT IT FROM YOU?
‘Personal Information’ is information or an opinion that identifies you as an individual. We collect and store your email address, where you nominate to allow our games to receive your email address correctly. If you contact us directly for any reason, we may also keep a copy of that correspondence. Your email address is collected only to keep you informed of new products and changes to our existing products.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Here, at Eagle Games SE AB, we highly understand a user’s perspective of sharing personal data. Hence, we will not sell, trade, rent, or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
COLLECTION OF OTHER ‘NON-PERSONAL’ INFORMATION
Eagle Games SE AB does not use cookies to track your movement around the web; our website
https://eaglegamesstudiose.com/
and apps/games may contain APIs from third parties. To get detailed information about third parties and how do they use your information, you can click and find about them. Our third-party partners and their privacy policies are as follows:
AdColony
AdMob
Amplitude
AppLovin
Facebook
GameAnalytics
Heyzap
HyprMX
ironSource
InMobi
Unity Ads
Vungle
POLICY UPDATES
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at https://sixarrows.com.au/privacy-policy/. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it and when we may disclose it.
Copyright © 2024
Scroll to Top