Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
We at Mediocre AB, reg. no. 556852-0604,
is a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of Sweden
with registered address at
Adelgatan
21, 211 22
Malmö, Sweden (“Mediocre”)
respect
your privacy and
therefore provide you with this Privacy Policy to inform you about what data we
collect and how it is used.
Regarding Personal Data collected and
processed under this Privacy Policy, Mediocre
is the controller
. The
purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain how we collect, store, use,
transfer or disclose your Personal Data. Personal Data means any information
that can identify you, directly or indirectly, such as for example your name,
location data or online identifiers.
This Privacy Policy applies to the Games,
Website and Support Function we at Mediocre provide you as the user with as
well as to any related services such as specific websites or other services (the
games,
websites
and services herein after referred to
as “
Properties
”). We may display advertisements from other companies and
other content that links to websites provided by other companies in the Properties.
We at Mediocre cannot control or be held liable for these third parties’
privacy practices and content. If you click on any link or advertisement provided
by another company, please understand that you are then leaving the Properties
and any Personal Data you provide will not be covered by this Policy.
Mediocre reserves the right to change this
Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated version online at www.mediocre.se/privacy_policy.
Therefore, please review the Privacy Policy frequently to ensure you are aware
of any changes. If we make a substantial change to the Privacy Policy, we will
provide you with a notice through the Properties or by email.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on April
3, 2023.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO YOUR PERSONAL
DATA
The EU’s General Data Protection
Regulation (“GDPR”), gives you certain rights to your Personal Data. These
rights can be found (mainly) in chapter 3 of the GDPR and include:
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
Right of Access
– You have the right to request information concerning if we process your
Personal Data and if we do, you have the right to know what kind of Personal
Data;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
Right of Rectification
– You have the right to request that we correct and rectify any inaccurate or
incomplete Personal Data concerning you;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
Right to Erasure
– You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Data. Note that we
may retain information needed to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements,
protect our legal rights and comply with technical and legal requirements and
constraints related to the security and operation of our
Properties
;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
Right to Restriction of
Processing
– You have the right to request that we
temporarily or permanently cease processing of some or
all of
your Personal Data;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
Right to Data Portability
– You have the right to receive a copy of your Personal Data for the purpose of
transferring them to another service provider;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
Right to not be the
subject of Automated Decision Making
--
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on
automated processing. Including profiling, which produces legal effects on you
or otherwise significantly affect you;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
Right to Withdraw Consent
–
You may at any time withdraw your consent
to the processing of any Personal Data based on your consent, without it affecting
the lawfulness of any processing done before you withdrew your consent;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
Right to Object –
You
have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data for a certain
purpose or to object to your Personal Data being used for direct marketing; and
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
Right to lodge a
complaint with a supervisory authority
– If you believe that Mediocre has infringed your rights or otherwise infringes
the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority,
in particular an authority established in your Member State.
If you have any questions about your
privacy, your rights, or how to exercise them, please contact us using the
information provided to you in the “HOW TO CONTACT US” section of this Privacy
Policy.
If you have concerns regarding the
processing of your Personal Data, we hope you can work with us to solve them.
However, you can also contact the Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection
(“IMY”) or your local Data Protection Authority. The Swedish Authority for
Privacy Protection can be reached through the following address:
Phone:
08-657 61 00
Mail:
Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten, Box 8114, 104 20 Stockholm
Email
imy@imy.se
THE DATA WE COLLECT AND USE
Below, we have set out which categories of
data we collect, a description of that data, the legal basis we are using for
collecting that data, and the purpose of collecting the data. If you have
objections or further questions regarding
e.g.
a
purpose for a particular processing or would like a more granular description
of the data collected, please contact us in accordance with the “contact us”
section.
The
Personal Data we collect from you
Categories
  of Personal Data (ex. in parenthesis)
Description
Legal
  Basis
Purpose
Player ID, Display/User
  name
Data which has been
  anonymized for use in the Game but is anonymized and encrypted.
N/A
Anonymized Data is not
  subject to GDPR regulations and as such, it may be freely used. Nevertheless,
  we wish to inform you that
we
anonymize
data with encryption and
  this cannot be connected to any user.
Contact Data (email
  address or Facebook username)
Data stored for us to
  be able to contact you in support matters.
Legitimate interest (Art. 6(1)(f))
In certain
  circumstances you may provide us with contact information, such as when you
  wish to contact us via our contact form – please note that we save the
  contact information you provide in such circumstances, to be able to reply to
  you. If you have contacted us for a support
matter
we will be able to see your account name on that platform (e.g., Facebook). We
  may also need to contact you for the benefit of your interests, and as such
  will save your email address for that purpose. We deem such a purpose to constitute
  a legitimate interest.
Location Data (city,
  language, country, IP-address)
Data regarding standard
  information of the user of the website.
Legitimate interest (Art. 6(1)(f))
Our
  homepage web server stores a standard access log file with IP addresses that
  we can access. Since we allow comments on the
websites
we can access the IP of the commentor.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We
only share Personal Data with one third-party partner. This is our contracted
customer support,
Webbium
AB, reg no. 556945-9422, is
a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of Sweden
with registered address at Jakob
Bagges
Gata
26, 382 38
Nybro
, Sweden.
This Personal Data is shared for the possibility of providing support via web,
Facebook
and Twitter. To the extent we share Personal Data
with
Webbium
, it is only for support matters and we
have implemented suitable and justifiable contracts between us and
Webbium
for the management of the provided Personal Data.
We
only work with actors whom we truly believe respects the security of your
personal data and who treat it in accordance with the GDPR or the relevant
applicable law. To the extent we believe it justifiable and reasonable (as a
general practice, and in terms of what you as a user can reasonably expect) we
share some data
on the basis of
our legitimate
interests. Our legitimate interest in this context
consist
of wanting to provide you with relevant and swift support, which is helpful to
you. If you use our support channels via any social media platforms you are
advised that the support management can see your profile to the extent you have
allowed this via your own privacy settings.
TRANSFERS TO COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EU AND
EEA
We do not transfer any data to any Personal
Data to any country outside the EU and EEA. Should this ever change this
Privacy Policy will be updated in relation to such change.
DATA RETENTION AND DELETION
We will not retain or keep any Personal
Data for longer periods than what is necessary for the purposes outlined in
this Privacy Policy. We will delete your Personal Data which we process for the
performance of a contract or
on the basis of
consent,
if you terminate your contract with us, withdraw your consent or where you
request us to delete your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
However, we may still retain information where we have a legitimate interest to
use your Personal Data. For example, to resolve disputes, enforce our user
agreements such as our Terms of Use, or to comply with legal requirements.
CHILDREN
The Properties are not directed to
children under the age of 13.
We
do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 13 years old in the Properties
or in connection therewith. If you are under 13 years, please do not use or
access the Properties.
We
believe it is important to safeguard the privacy of children and encourage
parents to regularly monitor their children’s use of online activities. If you
are a parent and believe that your child under the age of 13 has accessed
and/or used the Properties and provided Personal Data to us, please contact us through
the mailing address at the end of this Privacy Policy and we will work to
delete that account and any such personally identifiable information.
If we
learn that we have collected and processed Personal Data of a child under the
age of 13 years, we will take reasonable steps to ensure the erasure of the
Personal Data from our systems. This may require us to delete the child’s
account to the Properties.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you
have any questions,
complaints
or comments regarding
how we process your Personal Data or our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@mediocre.se