Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”).  This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to
DPA@unity3d.com
.
Language
English
中文
Deutsch
Español
日本語
Русский
Français
한국어
Português
Social
Subscribe on YouTube
social-youtube
Follow on LinkedIn
social-linkedin
Follow on Twitter
social-twitter
Follow on Facebook
social-facebook
Follow on Instagram
social-instagram
Footer
Purchase
Products
Unity Ads
Subscription
Asset Store
Resellers
Education
Students
Educators
Certification
Learn
Center of Excellence
Download
Get Unity
Download Archive
Beta Program
Unity Labs
Labs
Publications
Resources
Learn platform
Community
Documentation
Unity QA
FAQ
Services Status
Case Studies
Made with Unity
Unity
Our Company
Brand
Newsletter
Blog
Events
Careers
Help
Press
Partners
Investors
Affiliates
Security
Social Impact
Inclusion & Diversity
Copyright © 2023 Unity Technologies
Legal
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Cookie Settings
"Unity", Unity logos, and other Unity trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere (
more info here
). Other names or brands are trademarks of their respective owners.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. Visit our
cookie policy page
for more information.
Got it