Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
GameZen, Inc. ("We") has adopted this Privacy Policy to inform you how we collect, store, use the information collected in connection with our game or application ("Service"). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to only information collected from us through use of the Service.
By using the Service, you are agreeing to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and we encourage you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Collection of Information
Our primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Service.
Collection from the Service
When you access or use the Service, we may collect the following Personal Data from your device: (1) certain technical information about your mobile device, including mobile device ID (IFDA, Google Advertising ID or other identifiers), IP address, location information (including inferred location based off your IP address), system language, and version of your operating system; and (2) usage statistics about your interactions with the Service, including but not limited to scores, play count, last play date, and messages on message boards in the Service if applicable.
Collection from the other source
We also may receive personal information from other third parties if you sign-up to use the Services via a third party site or platform such as Facebook, Apple Game Center and Google Play Service. In this case, we may receive and use Personal Data you have provided to such third party site or platform and made available via your account privacy settings. In this regard, we may choose to collect the following Personal Data: your name, profile picture, friends list, IP address, Facebook and other unique IDs and email address.
Purchase Data
If you choose to purchase any virtual goods as part of your use of the Services, to the extent available, we or our third-party service providers may collect the following Personal Data from you in order to facilitate your payment for such virtual goods: Purchase history (this does NOT include payment method details or banking information which is collected and processed by a third-party).
Others
In addition to information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as in games or on message boards. Any action you perform with other players are considered public, and are your sole discretion.
We also may acquire information from you through your email of a question to our customer support.
Use of Information
We use information collected through the App for the following purposes.
Technical and Usage Information:
To create your Service accounts and allow you to access and use our Service;
To provide and maintain the Service and the user experiences;
To provide news and information about the Service that we think will be of interest to you;
To personalize and improve the Service and provide tailored content and features;
To provide technical and customer support;
To respond to inquiries that you may have about our Service
Information from other source:
To provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information; and
To link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Share of Information
Other Registered Users:
If you sign-up the Service via a third party site or platform such as Apple Game Center, Google Play Service and Facebook, your information will be disclosed to other users in order to provide certain social in-app features, such as leaderboards, achievements and other social interactions with other users inside the Service.
Advertising Networks:
We share your advertising ID to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving contextural advertisements to you within the App.
We may use the following advertising network company:
Google Ads :
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/
Unity Ads :
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for us may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services.
Others:
In all cases of data access and collection, the personal information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, leased, loaned, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties.
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites. The fact that the Service links to a website or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that we endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. We are in no way responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites to which you chose to access from the Service. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of those websites when exiting the Service.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
You understand and agree that we may be required to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including but not limited to a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of the public. Note that we are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that we may receive.
Additionally, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to our successor or assignee, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in your Facebook profile page. If you completely delete all this information, your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us at
support@gamezen.com
. We will need sufficient information from you to establish your identity in order to fulfill your request, and will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.
Retention of Your Information
We generally retain your personal information as long as your account is active and for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which such personal information is processed. Please note, however, that we may retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically and reasonably feasible to remove such information from our databases.  Consistent with these requirements, we will endeavor to delete your personal information promptly upon your written request.
Security
We have put in place reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee 100% to be secure. We cannot ensure or warrant that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
Policy Regarding Children
The Service is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information we will delete such information from our files as quickly as possible.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this policy, please contact us at:
GameZen, Inc.
#1906, 13, Eonju-ro 30-gil
Gangnam-gu
Seoul 06292, Republic of Korea
privacy@gamezen.com
© Copyright @ GameZen. All Rights Reserved.