All Topfun Services are governed by this Privacy Policy and by using or accessing a Service You give consent to the processing, use and disclosure of your data. Please do not install or use the Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Policy.
Topfun reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
1. How We Collect Your data
Likely situations when you make personal data available to Topfun include, but are not limited to: (i) by using Topfun¡¯s mobile apps or visiting our websites, (ii) registration for Services, contests and special events; (iii) accessing Services using a third party ID, such as social networking sites or gaming services; (iv) subscribing to newsletters; (v) purchasing a product or services through Topfun¡¯s online stores or within the app (or "in-app purchase"); (vi) using ¡°tell a friend,¡± "email this page," or other similar features; (vii) requesting technical support; and (viii) otherwise through use of Topfun Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.
The data we process on you may include, but is not limited to: email address, device ID, IP-address, user names and passwords.
Topfun may supplement your data with data received from third parties in connection with demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics surveys or services.
2. Location Data
To the extent Topfun makes location enabled Services available and you use such Services, Topfun may collect and process your location data to provide location related Services and advertisements. For example, some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated locations. The location data is processed and stored only for the duration that is required for the provision of the location related Services.
Topfun may use, depending on the service (1)IP-based location based on the IP address presented by the end-user, (2) fine geo-location data based on coordinates obtained from a mobile device¡¯s GPS radio, or (3) coarse, network-based geo-location data based on proximity of network towers or the location of WiFi networks.
Your fine, GPS-based geo-location is not accessed without your consent. Notwithstanding Topfun¡¯s partners who are providing location related parts of the Service, Topfun will not share your GPS geo-location with third parties without your consent. To the extent Topfun makes available GPS geo-location to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy, it will be provided anonymously.
3. Analytics
Topfun uses your information to perform its own analytics and to enable analytics provided by third parties. We use analytical information for supporting business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development, improving products and services, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations. Topfun may also use third-parties, such as a Flurry in order to develop and analyze use of the Services. For more information about Flurry and its services please see http://www.flurry.com/.
4. Friends
If you choose to use Topfun’s "tell a friend" or a similar service about Topfun Services or order a gift certificate for your friend, Topfun may store your friend's name and contact details that you provide to Topfun.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, Topfun may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Topfun. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. Topfun may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by Topfun and/or obtained through such social networking sites.
5. Disclosure and Transfer of Personal Data
Personal data may be disclosed to third parties including third parties located outside the European Union or the European Economic Area in accordance with applicable legislation and this Privacy Policy.
Topfun may use third parties to collect and process personal data on Topfun’s behalf and in according to Topfun’s instructions. Topfun is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties, except as provided by mandatory law.
6. Data Retention and Correctness
Topfun retains the collected data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter Topfun deletes all aforementioned data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe. Topfun does not verify the correctness of personal data.
Please note that some data may be further retained if necessary to resolve disputes, enforce Topfun user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of Services.
7. Cookies, beacons and tracking
The Services may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, local shared objects, hardware-based device identifiers, Operating System-based identifiers, clear GIFs and web beacons. Topfun treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
Cookies: A “cookie” is a small file stored by your browser when told to do so by a website. Typically websites place a number of different cookies on an end-user’s machine. Some of the cookies are “1st Party,” from the website itself, and others are “3rd party,” belonging to advertising and analytics entities or social networks. Topfun’s cookies do not include personal data and are typically used to quickly identify your device and to “remember” your browser during subsequent visits for purposes of functionality, preferences, and website performance. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your device; however, disabling cookies may affect your ability to use the Services.
Flash cookies & HTML5: Topfun may also use Flash cookies (local shared objects) and HTML5 local storage. Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies, but which are not stored in the browser and can also be used to remember your settings, to personalize the look and feel of the Services, or for advertising and analytics. You may prevent Flash cookies from being stored by following the instructions provided by Adobe athttp://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html.
Web Beacons and pixel tags: A “web beacon” or a “pixel tag” is an electronic image (often not visible to the end-user) that allows Topfun to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements. Additionally, e-mails and other electronic communications Topfun sends to you may contain pixel tags that enable Topfun to track your usage of the communication, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed, if any.
8. Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that your access to and use of the Services may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and Topfun is not liable for any such third parties’ use of your personal data.
Certain Services that Topfun may offer, such as multiplayer gaming, social networking and gaming console services, may use third party services to provide authentication for the Services with a gaming console ID, social networking ID, or gaming network account. In connection with such use, certain personally identifiable user and/or membership data may be transferred automatically to and from Topfun.
Topfun may disclose your personal data to third parties in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Topfun’s stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process provided, however, that this Privacy Policy shall continue to govern such personal data.
9. Safeguards
Topfun follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in Topfun’s possession.
10. Special Note about Children’s Privacy
Topfun does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If Topfun learns that Topfun has inadvertently gathered personal data from children under 13 years of age, Topfun will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such personal data from Topfun’s records.
Topfun understands the need to provide extra privacy protections to users who are children. To that end, features and services such as social networking plug-ins, behaviorally targeted advertising, and collection of data for the purpose of building user profiles are not available to users under 13. Topfun also does not allow our third party partners who engage in such practices to access personally identifiable data from users under 13.
Topfun and its partners do collect non-personally identifiable data from children. This includes, for example, collection of IP-based geolocation data to ensure that the product, service or features served comply with applicable laws of that nation.
Topfun and its partners also collect data to assess general information about the use of products, such as the number of visitors to our sites and services and which sections of a site or service are popular. Topfun also uses this data to provide contextually-relevant advertising to users, to prevent users from seeing the same ad repeatedly, and to allow users to personalize their experience on the site or service (for example, to save a high score in a game). Topfun and its partners may also use cookies, pixels, hardware-based identifiers, Operating System-based identifiers, and software-set identifiers, to manage and measure the performance of advertising.
Please note that Topfun’s partners may have their own policies related to tracking technologies for analytics and ad-serving purposes. While Topfun requires that companies comply with Topfun’s privacy policy before Topfun allows those companies to access our sites and services, Topfun does not actually control third-party data collection and use. Topfun encourages parents to review the list of operators below and to become familiar with those parties policies and practices.
If you have additional questions about Topfun’s Privacy Practices related to children under the age of 13, please contact us at privacy@mytopfun.com.
11. Further information
This Privacy Policy is governed by Finnish law excluding its choice of law provisions.
Topfun makes good faith efforts to enable you to review, update or correct your personal data in Topfun’s possession.
Topfun will need sufficient information from you to establish your identity and to verify your access request, and also to assist us in handling your request.