privacy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
By using the game Wheelie Challenge(the "Service"), you agree with this policy.
Advertisement
We show ads in this game. At the beginning of the game we ask your consent to show either personal or non-personal ads. Personal ads are based on previously collected data and they are more relevant to the user. Non-personal ads use only contextual information and is not based on past behavior of the user. You can change this consent in the game options menu at any time. You can read more about ads and our ad partners below.
In EEA countries and in UK we also ask your age in neutral age screen. This information is stored only in your device and it is obtained so that we can serve ads suitable for your age. You can delete that data by removing the game from your device.
In EEA countries and in UK
ads are limited to non-personal ads.
Google AdMob
Advertising services from Google AdMob is used to monetize the game. They may collect information such as your device identifier and IP address. They may collect user interaction information such as taps and ad views. They may collect diagnostic information such as crash logs, app launch times and energy usage. All this information is used for Google AdMob to function and to improve their services. They may also collect your personal or non-personal information. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
Google AdMob's data handling process, such as use of encryption while data is in transit, and instructions on how to delete your data, are provided in their privacy policy.
AdMob's Privacy Policy
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Additional information
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
Unity
This game is made with Unity. Unity may collect information about your device, such as your device identifier and IP address. They may collect diagnostic information such as app launch times and energy usage. All this information is used for app functionality, analytics and to improve their services. Unity uses encryption while data is in transit and if you want to delete your data, you may need to contact them directly.
Unity's Privacy Policy
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not knowingly collect any personal data concerning children under 18 years of age.
Age Limit
Our service is not intended for children under the age of 13.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to change and we may make any changes to this Privacy Policy as we see fit.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact at
tomicogames@gmail.com
Last updated: May 5, 2022
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse