Privacy Policy - Mobile Apps
Privacy Policy
Datenschutzerklärung (switch to German version)
Revision: 21st of March, 2022
This is the Privacy Policy of Ploosh GmbH, Lechrainstr. 32 1/2, 86163 Augsburg, Germany.
You can access this information online at https://privacy.ploosh.net/ppgmbh/ .
We take your privacy very seriously and are committed to being transparent with how we use your information. Ploosh GmbH (collectively “We” or “Us”) may receive information from users through ploosh.de and through any of our apps or mobile games (the “Services”).
Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
With whom we share that information and under what conditions.
The choices we offer, including how to access, update or remove that information.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: privacy@ploosh.de
1. Information we collect.
We collect information from you to provide a better experience to our users and improve our business and products.
We collect information in the following ways:
a. User Provided Information.
Our services may collect your birthday or birth month, which we use for purposes of determining the age of our users and complying with privacy regulations.
b. Third-party account information.
Some features of the Services such as sharing, require connection to third-party services and sites.  When you use these sharing functions, you may be directed to those third party sites or apps, which may require you to log in using your account for that service.  Currently, our sharing features may link you to Facebook or Twitter. These third-party sites have their own privacy policies which govern how they collect and treat your data once you log in to their services.  These polices can be found here:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy
c. Payment Information.
Our Services may offer you the option to purchase the paid, ad-free version of our apps.  When you choose this option you will be directed to the app marketplace of your respective platform, where you may be asked to enter payment information.  We do not collect your payment information through our services.  You may review the privacy policies of online marketplaces where we publish our apps here:
Apple (iTunes):
http://www.apple.com/privacy/
,
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/ww/
Amazon (Amazon Appstore for Android):
http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201485660&ref_=mas_help_legacy_legal_doc_page
,
http://www.amazon.com/privacy
Google (Google Play):
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
,
https://play.google.com/intl/en-US_us/about/play-terms.html
d. Automatically Collected Information.
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like the frequency with which a user logs in.
Specifically we collect your IP address as part of our server logs, the language, country and version of your app installation, 
and a unique installation ID, which is a randomly generated number that corresponds to each installation of our app 
(we do NOT collect your device’s unique hardware ID).  
This information is used only for internal operations such as tracking the number of installations and distinguishing between paid 
and ad-supported versions of our apps.
2. Geolocation Information.
Our services do not collect Geolocation information from you.
3. How we use information we collect.
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve our services, to develop new services and offerings and to protect us and our users.
Age information is used to comply with privacy regulations.
Payment information is only collected by your device’s third party app marketplace or store,
not directly by our app and is used by that third party (Apple or Google, for instance) to process payments for purchases you make through those stores.
When you contact us, we may keep a record of your communication as well as other information referenced in this Privacy Policy
to help solve any issues you might be facing.
We will ask for your consent before using personal information for a purpose other than those
that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
4. When and with whom do we share the information we collect?
We may share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
a. With your consent
We will share personal information with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have your consent to do so.
b. For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
c. For legal reasons.
We will share personal information with companies, outside organizations or individuals if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
d. If Ploosh GmbH is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information;
e. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information (things such as total number of users, or overall percentages of types of stories) publicly and with our partners such as businesses we have a relationship with, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information to show trends about the general use of our services.
5. Third Party Plugins and Ad Networks.
We are currently not using any third party plugins in our apps. Our apps do not display ads from Ad networks. This privacy policy will be updated if this changes in the future.
6. Opt-Out Rights.
You can stop all collection of information by our Services by uninstalling any associated App. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
7. Children Under 13.
We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information for any child under the age of 13 unless we first obtain verifiable parental consent.  We may collect contact information for parents or guardians from a child who self-identifies as under 13 for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent. In the event that we are made aware of any personally identifiable information being unknowingly collected via our Services from a child under the age of 13 we will take immediate steps to delete all information collected from them.  If you are the parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and have a concern regarding your child’s information on our site or collected through our app, please contact us immediately at: privacy@ploosh.de  and we will work with you to address your concerns and delete any information that may have been unknowingly collected.
Please note that our partners may have their own policies related to tracking technologies for analytics and ad-serving purposes. We inform all of our partners that our apps may be directed at children and have requested that they do not collect or use persistent identifiers to serve behavioral (interest-based) advertising. However, we do not actually control third-party data collection and use. We encourage parents to review the list of operators in the Third Party Plugins and Ad Networks section above and to become familiar with those parties policies and practices.
8. Security.
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information.
We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information 
we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to 
authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Applications.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
9. Changes.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here at http://privacy.ploosh.de/ . You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
10. Your Consent.
By using the Services, you are consenting to our processing of User Provided and Automatically Collection information as set forth in this Privacy Policy
now and as amended by us.
“Processing,” means using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to,
collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information. If you reside outside of Germany, your information will be transferred to Germany, and processed and stored there under German privacy standards.
By using the Application and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, Germany.
11. Contact Us.
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Applications, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at privacy@ploosh.de ( Physical Address: Ploosh GmbH , Lechrainstr. 32 1/2, 86163 Augsburg, Germany )