US Offroad Gamers
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started
Skip to content
US Offroad Gamers
Menu
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
US Offroad Gamers its subsidiaries and its affiliates
(“Company” or “We” or “Us” or “Our”)
respect the privacy of its users (“User” or “You”). We are
committed to protect our User’s Information. We believe that you have a right
to know our practices regarding what information we collect for Admob or third
party Advertisement serving technologies such as unity ad, and Google Analytics
for collecting Games statistics we use in our Games, and under what
circumstances, if any; how we use it. When you play our Games. We disclose it.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT PLAY ANY
GAMES OF US Offroad Gamers.
If we change or modify our privacy policy, we will post
those changes to this privacy policy page. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO CHANGE OR
MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME, so please review it frequently.
BY PLAYING OUR GAMES, YOU AGREE THE TERMS & CONDITIONS
SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, including to the possible collection and
processing of your Personal Information (as defined below).
OFFLINE USE
US Offroad Gamers allows the use of some features in its
Games offline (without internet connection). Offline play of the Games will
preclude the collection of any information pertaining to You and/or Your play
of the Games (including, as applicable) by any Third Parties (defined below)
and/or US Offroad Gamers.
ONLINE USE
US Offroad Gamers does not collect any information from its
Users. Some information may nonetheless be collected through third party
services which are used in US Offroad Gamers Games such as advertising networks
and stored on such Third Parties’ servers.
Non Personal
Information:
US Offroad Gamers allows Third parties to collect non
personal information or non-identifiable information (“Non-Personal
Information”).
To put it simply, with respect to such Non Personal
Information we have no idea what is the identity of the User from which Third
Parties have collected the Non-personal Information.
Non Personal Information collected by Third Parties may
include the following technical information:
Type of operation system (e.g. Android, iOS,
etc.)
Screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.)
Language (e.g. English)
Device Vendor (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, Huawei, Samsung
etc.)
Geo-location – only general location may be collected. No
street name or city/town name is collected.
US Offroad Gamers allows Third Parties collection of Non
Personal Information for strict and limited purposes. Namely, for the limited
purpose of analyzing the Service in order to provide You with the Service functionalities
and performance.
Persistent User
Identifier and No Other Personal Information:
Third Parties may also collect from Users a persistent User
identifier. US Offroad Gamers allows for this information to be collected
strictly for internal operations of the Service including serving You with
contextual advertisement (“contextual advertisement” are ads that are
served to you without connection to any behavioral elements).
US Offroad Gamers does not allow Third Parties to collect
information that may identify an individual (other than the persistent User
identifier which is collected for the limited purpose of internal operations of
the Service) nor does it allow the collection of any information of private
and/or sensitive nature (“Personal Information”).
US Offroad Gamers does not allow any personal information to
be linked to the persistent identifier, even from other services.
AD SERVING TECHNOLOGY
US OffroadGamers’s may employ proprietary or third party ad
serving technologies that may use cookies, tracking pixels or other
technologies to collect information as a result of ad serving through our Games
as well as to help track results.
Some dynamic in-game advertisement serving technology enable
advertising to be temporarily uploaded into your Game, mobile device and
replaced while you are online. We or third parties operating the advertisement
serving technology may use information such as age and gender as well as information
logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is
presented within the Games and to calculate or control the number of unique and
repeat views of a given ad, and/or deliver ads that relate to your interests
and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns.
We or third parties may collect data for this purpose
including device ID’s, information about your software, applications and
hardware, browser information (and/or information passed via your browser),
hardware, machine or device make and model, advertisement(s) served, in game
location,
length of time an advertisement was visible, other Internet
and website usage information, web pages and mobile internet sites which have
been viewed by you (as well as date and time), domain type, size of the
advertisement, advertisement response (if any), and angle of view. The
foregoing data may be used and disclosed per this policy and the privacy policy
of the company providing the ad serving technology.
These ad serving technologies are integrated into our Games;
if you do not want to use this technology, do not play.
Below are provider names of some of the third-party
advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the
privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
Admob:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Adcolony:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
SECURITY
We take a great care in maintaining the security of the
Service and your information and in preventing unauthorized access to it
through industry standard technologies and internal procedures, including
through the use of encryption mechanisms. However, we cannot guarantee that
unauthorized access will never occur.
IN APP PURCHASE (IAP)
We provide some features or item to be bought or unlocked as
in game or app purchases through the mechanism provided by the app store
(Google, Apple etc.). We take it for granted that any IAP made by You or your
child is with your full knowledge, understanding and consent. As We do not
force or fool the user to make any IAP so the company would not be responsible
for any refund or claim whatsoever regarding IAP. This will only applicable if
/ when “In App Purchase” feature is added in our Games.
QUESTIONS
AND FEEDBACK
If You have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy,
You are most welcome to send us an email to the following address:
muddasiroffroadgamer@gmail.com
Advertisement
usoffroadgamers
Uncategorized
Leave a comment
January 21, 2019
4 Minutes
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
US Offroad Gamers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
US Offroad Gamers
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Report this content
View site in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar