Privacy Policy - Microcosmum: survival of cells
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy - Microcosmum: survival of cells
Privacy Policy - Microcosmum: survival of cells
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application "Microcosmum: survival of cells" (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Alexander Byzov.
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download the Application. When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your user name; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help.
Automatically Collected Information
The developer is neither collecting nor storing any information.
The Application has been built with Unity. Please also refer to their
privacy policy
.
The Application offers the optional use of
Google Play Services
.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Policy Regarding Children
The Application is not geared toward children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information we will delete such information from our files as quickly as possible.
Security
The developer does not collect or store any data. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.  You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at dev9games9st@gmail.com.
Report abuse
Page details
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse