Privacy Policy | eRapid Studio
Games
Blog
Support
Contact
Games
Blog
Support
Contact
Last updated: August 18, 2019
If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use our software.
What is Personal Information and why do we collect it from you?
‘Personal Information’ is information or an opinion that identifies you as an individual. We collect and store your email when you nominate to specifically allow our games to collect your email. If you contact us directly for any reason, we may also keep a copy of that correspondence and email. Your email is collected only to keep you informed of new eRapid Studio products and changes to our existing products.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is defined in the US Privacy Act (1974) to include information or opinion about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.
eRapid Studio will not attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.
Security of Personal Information
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure. We don’t guarantee website links or policies of authorised third parties and you access those sites at your own risk.
Access to your Personal Information
Under the Privacy Act, NPP 6 gives you the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you and to update and/or correct it, subject to certain exceptions. If you wish to access your Personal Information, please make out your request to us in writing at the email address listed below. eRapid Studio will not charge any fee for your access request, but may charge an administrative fee. Please be aware that in order to protect the Personal Information in our database, we will require identification from you before releasing any information.
Links to Other Sites﻿
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Collection of other ‘Non-Personal’ Information
Though eRapid Studio itself does not use cookies in order to track your movement around the web, our websites and apps may contain APIs from third parties.
Our third party partners, and their privacy policies are as follows:
Google Play Services:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase:
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics
Fabric:
https://fabric.io/privacy
Unity Ads:
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Google Analytics:
http://www.google.com.au/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Children’s Privacy﻿
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Privacy Policy Updates
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at
http://erapidstudio.com/privacy-policy/
We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
Complaints
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy at the address below.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
contact@rapidgs.com
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Youtube
Email
Games
Blog
Privacy Policy
Support
Contact
Copyright © 2016 - 2020 eRapid Studio. All Rights Reserved by Dariusz Mazur
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Accept
Read More