Privacy Policy | Treetop Crew
Games
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Treetop Crew and Roots Media Privacy Policy
Treetop Crew
does not collect
any personal information from visitors of our site or apps. We do analyze data related to our games by quantities through third party platforms. This includes app analytics where we may track number of installs, impressions, in-app purchases and KPIs reached (e.g. progression) which we see necessary to further enhance our games.
Consent
By using our games you consent to the use of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Services
We use the following third party services on our apps:
Unity Analytics
Appsflyer
Facebook SDK
We use Google Firebase to improve the game experience, store data and to provide in-game multiplayer features.
Privacy Policy
We use Google Google analytics to improve the game experience.
Privacy Policy
We use Photon Networking to provide in-game online multiplayer features.
Privacy Policy
The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address to provide their services under their respective privacy policies.
Advertising partners
We use third party ad providers to display ads in our games. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
We use different advertising partners on our apps such as:
IronSource
Google AdSense
Privacy Policy
AdColony
Privacy Policy
Unity Ads
Privacy Policy
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Amendment of this policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
Contact Information
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Treetop Crew Oy
support@treetopcrew.com
Last edited on 2022-04-07