▷&nbsp한국어
&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp▶ EngLISH
Privacy Policy
Dargom Studio and/or its affiliates (“Dargom Studio,” “we” or “us”) respect your rights and our obligations regarding your privacy and personal information, and we provide this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use, share, store, and disclose your information we obtain when you are using Dargom Studio’s games (“Dargom Studio Games”) and related services, including, without limitation, the use of Dargom Studio Games, participation in an online community for Dargom Studio Games or social network services offered  Dargom Studio branded websites (collectively, the “Dargom Studio Service”).
            This Privacy Policy applies to any person or entity that uses the Dargom Studio Service, except to a resident of the Republic of Korea.
            Dargom Studio may amend, at our discretion, any portion of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting or displaying the amended Privacy Policy within and/or on Dargom Studio Games, Dargom Studio branded website.
            You will be deemed to have accepted such amendments by continuing to use the Dargom Studio Service. Except as otherwise stated, any such amendments will be automatically effective 30 calendar days after they are initially posted.
1. Information We May Collect
1.1. Information Received Through Your SNS Account.
            When you use the Dargom Studio Service through your SNS account, such as Facebook or Google+, you allow us to access and/or collect certain information from your SNS profile/ account as permitted by the terms of the SNS Platform and your privacy setting thereon. The information you allow us to access varies depending upon the Dargom Studio Service you use as well as the terms of the SNS Platform and your privacy setting thereon. For example, Dargom Studio may access and/or collect some or all of the following information from your SNS profile/account when you use or connect to the Dargom Studio Service through your SNS account:
            • your profile picture or its URL
• your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo
• the user ID numbers and other public data for your friends
• your physical location and that of your access devices
(collectively, the “SNS Information”)
By using the Dargom Studio Services through your SNS account, you are authorizing Dargom Studio to collect, store, and use you SNS information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as well as the terms of the SNS Platform and your privacy setting thereon.
1.2. Information You Provide To Us Directly.
When you use any of the Dargom Studio Service (including through a SNS) we may collect the following information you provide to us directly:
            We may collect and store arcs of such Public Postings on Dargom Studio’s servers, and all Public Postings are subject to this Privacy Policy.
            Customer Support Correspondence When you ask our customer support team for assistance, we may collect and store from you the contact information as well as your payment information regarding the purchase of digital items of Dargom Studio Games to the extent reasonably necessary to provide customer support.
            Promotional Events We may offer you the opportunity to participate in promotional events regarding Dargom Studio Games through Dargom Studio Games, Dargom Studio branded websites, or third party websites or platforms. If you choose to participate in such promotional events, we may collect and store the information you provide in connection with your participation in the event, such as your e-mail address or phone number, and we will use and/or disclose that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless stated otherwise. We may use information you provide to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes.
            Your entry in the promotional event may also result in your being added to our mailing lists as well as those of our promotional partners associated with such an event. The acceptance of a prize may require you to allow us to post publicly some of your information within or Dargom Studio branded websites.
            We will use such contact information solely for such a friends-matching service, and we will not store such information after fulfilling this purpose. If you are an iOS user, we will not access your contact list and/or address book on your mobile device unless your identity is verified in a reasonable way
            Telephone Number/ Technical & Usage Information Collected Through Automated Means When you access and/or use the Dargom Studio Service, we may collect
            (a) certain technical information about your mobile device, including MAC Address, IP Address and mobile device ID (except for iPhone’s unique identifier, “UDID”)
            (b) usage statistics about your interactions with the Dargom Studio Service.

            Such information and usage data is collected through the use of server log files and/or tracking technologies. We may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons, clear GIFs on certain our services, games, advertising and web pages to analyze your use of our services, games, advertising and web pages, to customize, improve our services, games, advertising and web pages, to measure promotional effectiveness, and to promote trust and safety. E-mails and other electronic communications we send to you may contain code that enables us to track your usage of the communications, including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed (if any). You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser, device permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our services, games, advertising and web pages.
            Please note that certain features of our services, games, advertising and web pages will not be available once cookies are declined.
2. How We Use the Information We Collect
Dargom Studio may use the information we collect through your use of the Dargom Studio Service for providing enhanced game services and promotional information regarding Dargom Studio Games. For example, we may use the information we collect in any of the following ways:
            • Creating your Game Account and managing the account information;
• Informing you of (a) products, new products, services, features, promotions, enhancements, and updates regarding the Dargom Studio Service and (b) updates to the Dargom Studio Policy;
• Promoting and facilitating your use of the Dargom Studio Service, including the targeted advertising, and affiliate marketing;
• Marketing Dargom Studio Games to you, including sending you offers, promotion information, newsletters, local or push notifications, e-mail campaigns, and communications regarding new, improved or existing Dargom Studio Games;
• Providing customer supports and responding user inquiries;
• Fulfilling your request and/or order for Dargom Studio Games and our obligations under the Dargom Studio Policy;
• Enabling user-to-user communication and interaction;
• Soliciting your input and feedback to improve user experience;
• Monitoring the technical functioning of the Dargom Studio Service;
• Developing new and/or improved games, products, services or offerings;
• Analyzing market trends and user traffic;
• Trouble-shooting errors or issues with any of the Dargom Studio Service; and
• Complying with applicable laws, regulations, or administrative orders.
3. Sharing of Your Information
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Application to provide its full services, as well as for the following purposes: Contacting the User, send important information via email about the applications services such as critical bugs, maintenance and new tools.
            We do not and will never share your account data with any third-party except as specified in this policy. We will never sell your account data under any circumstances.
4. Change/Delete Your Information
4.1. Information We Receive From SNS
To manage the information Dargom Studio receives about you from an SNS, you should change your privacy setting of the SNS in accordance with any applicable policy of the SNS
4.2. Profile Information
You may change or update the Profile Information by logging into your Account.
4.3. How users can delete personal information
If you click the Extra tab in the game settings and select Delete Account, the personal information we collect will be deleted after being stored for one month. We do not store financial transaction details.
            Users can also request deletion of personal information through e-mail. If you request deletion to help@dargomstudio.com, we will delete the collected information after confirming that you are the owner of the account.
5. Security of Your Information
Dargom Studio takes commercially reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, sensitive data that you share and we collect and store. Despite our efforts to enhance a security level of the Dargom Studio Service, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We strongly encourage you not to share your account password with any third parties for any reasons. If you have questions regarding the security measures of the Dargom Studio Service, please contact us at help@dargomstudio.com
6. Our Policy Concerning Children
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should not use our websites or games at any time. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from such children, we will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records.
7. Your California Privacy Rights
California residents have the right to receive (a) information identifying any third party company to whom Dargom Studio may have disclosed (within the previous calendar year) his/her personal information for that company’s direct marketing purposes; and (b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. If you are a California resident and wish to obtain such information, please send a request email to help@dargomstudio.com
8. Questions
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please feel free to contact us by sending an email to help@dargomstudio.com
-DargomStudio-