Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Last modified date: June 6, 2019
This Terms of Use ("Terms") is a legal agreement between you and "Home Memories". (“Yafang Zhu ”) and governs the use by "you" of Yafang Zhu ’s website, services, forums, games and applications (collectively, the "Services"). By using the Services you agree to these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not purchase or use the Services.
BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
PLEASE REVIEW Yafang Zhu ’S
PRIVACY POLICY
, WHICH IS INCORPORATED INTO THESE TERMS BY REFERENCE
1. LICENSE AND RESTRICTIONS.
Subject to these Terms, Yafang Zhu  grants you a non-exclusive, limited, revocable, non-transferable license to use the Services for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not: (a) modify, translate, reverse-engineer, reverse-compile or decompile, disassemble, create derivative works of, or use data gathering or extraction tools in connection with the Services; (b) reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or otherwise exploit the Services, in whole or in part, for any purpose without Yafang Zhu ’s express written consent; (c) frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) without the express written consent of the respective owner; (d) use any data mining tools or automation tools such as spiders, crawlers, scripts, bots, or any automated method of recording information; (e) use any meta-tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing “Yafang Zhu ,” its affiliates, partners or artists without Yafang Zhu ’s express written permission; or (f) engage in any conduct in connection with the Services that may be considered illegal or tortious including, without limitation, “hacking” the Services, or infringing the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of Yafang Zhu  or third-parties.
Additionally, where the Services are a downloadable game and/or application (“App”), Yafang Zhu  grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to use the App for your personal, non-commercial use on authorized devices, unless otherwise specified. The App may not be copied, resold, or sublicensed. These Terms apply to all versions and updates to the App, including, without limitation, free and paid versions.
The App may include measures to control access to the App (including age controls), prevent unauthorized copies, or otherwise attempt to prevent anyone from exceeding the limited rights and licenses granted under these Terms. You may not take any action to circumvent or defeat such security features. If you disable or otherwise tamper with the technical protection measures, your license to use the App or other Services shall be considered automatically revoked.
2. THIRD-PARTY PRODUCT, SERVICES AND LINKS.
Yafang Zhu  may offer third-party products through the Services. You assume all risks and liabilities associated with the use of any such third-party products. Additionally, your rights and obligations regarding such products or services will be governed by the separate terms of use and privacy policies of the applicable third-party provider.
The Services may include hyperlinks to other websites over which Yafang Zhu  has no control. Yafang Zhu  is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources and will not be responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such third-party websites or resources.
3. ACCESS TO THE SERVICES.
By using the Services, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age (or have reached the age of majority if that is not 18 years of age where you live) or that you have reviewed these Terms with your parent or guardian and he or she assents to these Terms on your behalf and takes full responsibility for your compliance with them. If you are under the age of 13, you must have permission from your parent or guardian in order to use the Services. If you do not have permission from your parent of guardian, certain features and functionality of the Services may be disabled. Information regarding use of your personal information can be found in Yafang Zhu ’s Privacy Policy or in the privacy policy specific to the Service you are using.
You may be required to register an account before using certain Services ("Account"). You may also be required or have the option to access the Services through a social networking service ("SNS"). Your Account is personal to you, and you may not rent, lease, sell, trade, gift, bequeath, or otherwise transfer it to anyone else. You agree to provide true and complete information about yourself when you register your Account and to keep it up to date. You may not have more than one Account or access the Services through more than one SNS at any given time. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and user name and for any activities that occur under your Account. Yafang Zhu  does not authorize use of automated methods to sign up for an Account, and Yafang Zhu  reserves the right to immediately terminate your access to the Services or your Account if you breach these Terms or otherwise violate any applicable law, rule, or regulation in your jurisdiction.
By using the Services and providing us with your contact information, you explicitly consent to receive communications from us. If you would not like to receive such communications, please review Yafang Zhu ’s Privacy Policy and opt-out procedures.
4. IN-GAME VIRTUAL CURRENCY AND VIRTUAL ITEMS.
The Service may include an opportunity for you to earn, buy or otherwise obtain in-game currency ("Virtual Currency") to access virtual, in-game digital goods or items ("Virtual Items"). Methods of obtaining Virtual Currency are at Yafang Zhu ’s sole discretion. Virtual Currency and Virtual Items are not real currency, do not have monetary value, and may not be redeemed for legal currency, or items of value outside of the Services.
Virtual Currency and Virtual Items obtained via the Service are provided to you under a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to use within the Service. You have no property interest, right or title in or to any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items appearing or originating in the Service, and they may not be transferred or resold in any manner, including, without limitation, by means of any direct sale or auction service.
You agree that all sales of Virtual Currency and Virtual Items are final. No refunds will be given, except in Yafang Zhu ’s sole and absolute discretion. Yafang Zhu  has no liability for hacking or loss of your Virtual Currency or Virtual Items or any goods or services obtained via Virtual Currency. Yafang Zhu  has no obligation to, and will not, reimburse you for any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items obtained via Virtual Currency. Yafang Zhu  reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without prior notification, to change or limit the price, availability, or order quantity of any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items and to refuse to provide you with any Virtual Currency or Virtual Items.
Virtual Currency may have an expiration date. If your Virtual Currency or Virtual Items expire and you still have an active Account, Yafang Zhu  may offer conversion of such Virtual Currency into Virtual Items for you in its sole discretion, however Yafang Zhu  is under no obligation to do so. Virtual Currency and Virtual Items may be forfeited if: (a) your Account or access to the Services is terminated or suspended for any reason; (b) you breach these Terms; (c) Yafang Zhu  discontinues availability of the Service; or (d) you disassociate from the Service.
5. ONLINE CONTENT AND CONDUCT.
The Services may include opportunities, through your Account or SNS, to chat or participate in blogs, message boards, online forums and other functions that provide you with the opportunity to create, submit, post, display, transmit, perform, publish, or distribute to the world ("Forum(s)") links, writings, photos, graphics, or other material ("Forum Content"). All Forum Content posted by you to any Forum shall be your sole responsibility.
The Forums shall be used only in a noncommercial manner. Yafang Zhu  has the right, but not the responsibility, to monitor or remove Forum Content that Yafang Zhu  believes to be harmful, offensive, or otherwise violates these Terms, without liability to you. Yafang Zhu  in its sole discretion, reserves the right to restrict or disable your use of the Forums.
By submitting Forum Content to any Forum, you warrant that you have all necessary rights to submit the Forum Content without any restrictions of any kind, and grant to Yafang Zhu  a fully paid, royalty-free, non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, unconditional, perpetual, right and license to use, reproduce, modify, publically display and perform, make derivatives works of, sublicense, and distribute all such Forum Content in all media now known or later developed, and/or to incorporate such materials in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed.
Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers or other information or content expressed or made available by third-parties in the Forums, are those of the respective authors and not of Yafang Zhu  or its affiliates, and Yafang Zhu  is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of same. Yafang Zhu  makes no representations or warranties regarding the Forums.
All Forum Content posted by you to any Forum shall be your sole responsibility.
6. TERMINATION.
These Terms will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with any term hereof. You and Yafang Zhu  have the right to terminate or cancel your Account, at any time for any reason and without notice. Upon termination you shall immediately discontinue use of the Services. Your obligations under Sections 5 and 9 shall survive any termination.
7. NO ASSIGNMENT.
These Terms and the licenses granted to you herein are personal to you, and may not be assigned prior to obtaining Yafang Zhu s express written consent.
8. INFRINGEMENT NOTIFICATION.
Any claims related to the Services should be addressed to:
dolegames@outlook.com
9. GENERAL.
These Terms, along with the Privacy Policy, and any other privacy policy applicable to the specific Services you are using, constitute the complete and final agreement between Yafang Zhu  and you with respect to your use of the Services and may not be modified by you except in a writing duly signed by you and an authorized representative of Yafang Zhu .
Yafang Zhu  may make changes to the Services, these Terms, or its Privacy Policy from time to time. Yafang Zhu  will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of any material changes. All such changes will become effective immediately upon notice and/or posting. If any of these changes are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that change will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any unchanged portions of the Services, these Terms, or the Privacy Policy. Yafang Zhu  may transfer or assign the Services, these Terms, or the Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, to any third-party of Yafang Zhu ’s choosing. These Terms will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Yafang Zhu ’s respective successors and assigns.
CONTACT US. If you have questions regarding these Terms, please contact us at:
Yafang Zhu
E-mail:
dolegames@outlook.com