Mr.CarbonStudios Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Mr.CarbonStudios Privacy Policy
Kids Apps Privacy Policy
This Kids Apps Privacy Policy is appointed to provide the legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 with guidance regarding our privacy policies that concern collecting, using and disclosing personal information of children under 13.
Parents and legal guardians of children under 13 have certain rights under Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA, http://www.coppa.org/coppa.htm), and Mr.CarbonStudios recognizes those rights.
Mr.CarbonStudios does not knowingly and directly collect and store on its servers any personal information from children under the age 13 as that would be a violation of COPPA. Some information may be collected by third party providers of services (advertising networks, etc.) or certain products.
Collection and use of data
Types of data and information, which may be collected and used:
1. Non-personal information
We allow third parties to collect some anonymous information by which users cannot be identified. Non-personal information may include technical information about your device, such as your browser type, screen resolution, device type, language, type of operating system and geo location (only general location). Non-personal information is gathered by third party services while you are accessing the service. They are allowed to use this information to conduct research and analysis, but only for strictly limited purposes.
2. Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier
Third parties may collect IP address, advertising identifier and unique device identifier, but not any personally identifiable information of a private nature. We allow this information to be collected solely for internal operations of the Kids Apps in order to serve our Kids Apps users with advertising as permitted by applicable rules and laws.
How information is collected
Our Kids Apps include third parties’ SDKs that collect non-personal information and Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier through the use of the Kids Apps. Both, non-personal information and Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier may also be stored on the user’s device through generally accepted industry technologies used within Kids Apps (cookies, local storage).
Sharing information
We will share the collected information (Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier) with third parties only in ways described in this privacy statement. We may disclose personal information only in the following cases:
if required by law, for example to comply with a court order, subpoena, regulation, legal process or other governmental request;
to exercise or protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Company, our users or others;
to enforce this privacy statement, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
pursuant to the approval of a legal guardian, in order to supply certain services such legal guardian or the user may have requested from the Company;
to collect, hold or manage Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier through our authorized third parties service providers, as reasonable for business purposes, which may be located in a country that does not have the same data protection laws as the user’s jurisdiction;
to let our partners and affiliates serve the users with advertisements as permitted by applicable laws and rules;
to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
if Mr.CarbonStudios is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified of any change in ownership or uses of your information via our website.
Advertising
Mr.CarbonStudios accepts advertisements from third parties ad networks. These advertisements may be displayed in our Kids Apps. We select ad networks attentively to maintain compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm with each of these ad networks that they are compliant with the US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA).
Advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal information and/or personally identifiable information, in case the user clicks on any of these advertisements. Furthermore, Mr.CarbonStudios may advertise other Mr.CarbonStudios Kids Apps within the Kids Apps.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and internal procedures to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. If you have any questions about security of our mobile applications, you can contact us at mrcarbonstudios@gmail.com.
In order to make a purchase from us, you must use our third party checkout options to finalize and pay for your order. Its privacy statement and security practices will also apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes in our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact
You can contact us about this privacy statement by email us at
mrcarbonstudios@gmail.com
Last updated on April 2019
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse