Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective: February 13, 2022
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of
        personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with
        that data. This privacy policy applies to all products and services offered by
        Alexander Bukharev Team (“us”, “our” or “we”).
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you
        agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy
Information and Data We Collect from You
We collect certain information and data, such as your application usage, access,
        session times and in-app purchases, your unique device ID, hardware type, the
        version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, and your general
        (city/country) location.
How We Use Your Information
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this
        Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use
        your information to:
Operate and improve our Services;
Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
Deliver advertising and marketing and promotional information to you;
To monitor the use of the Service;
To detect, prevent and fix technical problems.
Use of Your Information by Others
Third Party Services. Our Services may contain third party tracking and data
        collection and analytics tools from our service providers. Such third parties may use
        cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user
        and device related data and information on our behalf. The third parties may have
        access to and collect data and information about you, such as your device identifier,
        geo-location information, IP address, application usage, access and session times,
        applications present on the device or in use at a particular time on the device, and
        your viewing of and interactions with advertising, for the purpose of providing their
        services, including, for example, enabling, providing and delivering advertising.
Advertising.
To the extent we display advertising in our Services, we may allow
      advertising networks of our affiliates and partner networks to collect information
      about your mobile device to enable them to serve targeted ads to you. Such mobile
      device data includes the following:
Device make, model and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio volume and
battery;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer
interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone and locale settings (country and preferred language);
IP Address;
Network connection type and speed;
Identifier for advertisers (IDFA).
The privacy policies of our partners may include additional terms and disclosures
      regarding their data collection and use practices and tracking technologies, and we
      encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data
      collection and use practices, use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
What third party services are used?
Here is the list of third party services we might use to process your personal data.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, these companies are processors of your
personal data:
Yandex.
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential
Google (Google Play, Google Play Games, Google Play Services, Google
          Firebase, Admob).
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Unity (Unity Analytics, Unity Ads, Unity IAP).
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
App Store.
https://www.apple.com/privacy
Disclosure Of Data
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties for the following purposes:
With service providers that perform services on our behalf, including the ones
          referenced above under “What third party services are used?”;
For analytics and research purposes;
In response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes;
To protect our or a third party's legal rights, investigate fraud, or to defend against a legal claim;
As part of a business transfer such as a merger, acquisition, or at bankruptcy;
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on
      computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental
      jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your
      jurisdiction.
If you are located outside the Russian Federation and choose to provide information
      to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the Russian
      Federation and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information
        represents your agreement to that transfer.
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of
      transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
      While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal
      Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click
        on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise
        you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy
        policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of age.
        If you are under 16, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name,
        address, telephone number, or email address. In the event that we learn that we have collected
        personal data from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
        If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any
        changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes
        to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact
Alexander Bukharev
Perm, Russia
Email: bukharevapps@yandex.com
Website:
https://www.bukharevapps.com