Privacy Policy – DeckEleven
Games
FAQ
Blog
Contact
PRIVACY POLICY
We make games. We don't make money with your data or push you ads.
Your privacy is critically important to us. Therefore we have developed a Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) that describes the ways DeckEleven (“DeckEkeven”, “us”, “our” or “we”) collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, and data that you (hereinafter referred as “you” or “user(s)”) provide or we collect in connection with our website (the “Site”) or any DeckEleven game provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android) or other gaming platform (collectively, the “Service(s)”).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by DeckEleven through your use of the Service. DeckEleven is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your information and data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us with the contact form at http://deckeleven.com/contact
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Contact forms
When visitors use the contact form on the site we collect the data shown in the contact form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Newsletter
When visitors subscribe to the newsletter, we collect the data required to send the newsletter, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Who we share your data with
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
The Newsletter service is provided by Mailchimp. This third party service will receive the data required to send newsletters to subscribers.
SECURITY SAFEGUARDS
DeckEleven takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems.
Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party hackers from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Last update: March 13th, 2020
If you have any questions or concerns about our data privacy practices, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal information, please contact us with the contact form at http://deckeleven.com/contact
Subscribe to our newsletter and never miss a thing!
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Contact
Privacy Policy
© 2009-2023 DeckEleven. DeckEleven, DeckEleven's Railroads 2, DeckEleven's Railroads, Winds of Steel, DeckEleven's Paris Must Be Destroyed are trade marks of DeckEleven. All rights reserved. All other trademarks, logos and copyrights are property of their respective owners.