www.brainbooststudio.com - Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
www.brainbooststudio.com
Home
Privacy Policy
www.brainbooststudio.com
Home
Privacy Policy
More
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Brain Boost Studio built the Plants Ball 5, Plants Ball 4, Adventure Ball 2,Bossy Ball 4, Bossy Ball 5, Mon Ball, Color vs Brain app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Brain Boost Studio at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Plants Ball 5, Plants Ball 4, Adventure Ball 2,Bossy Ball 4, Bossy Ball 5, Mon Ball, Color vs Brain unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Internet Access. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Collection of Information:
We collect your information to give you best experience of the game. We neither permanently save your information nor share it with any third party. We ask to sign in from your google account into Google Play services for leader boards and achievements and do not save your personal data. We ask for your phone status and phone time and date to make sure we notify you about our up coming event or any specific notification. We collect information for in-app purchases in Apps, we will collect your credit card information and other billing information through Google services. We use the following advertising networks and analytics, and their privacy policy URLs are given as under.
Admob:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Firebase:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Heyzap:
https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Google Analytics:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Disclousure of Information:
We do not disclose your information to any third party. Only Google has the full information of the details you provide through our games in Google Play Services.
Contact Us
faheemuet999@gmail.com
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse