Privacy Policy – Best Themes
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Contact
Best Themes
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
TL;DR: We do NOT collect any personal information.
Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting your privacy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person.
We
DO NOT
collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our website or our products or apps, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error report or participate in online surveys and other activities.
In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
Your prior permission;
By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
By requests from public and governmental authorities;
To protect our legal rights and interests.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your CPN model, memory size, phone model, rom, phone operator, location, installs, uninstalls, frequency of use, etc.
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances: to have a better understanding of our user’s behaviour, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising; we may collect non-personal information such as the date of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take precautions – including administrative, technical, and physical measures – to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
When you use some products, services, or post your comments, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features.
THE ADVERTISING ID
In order to keep our apps free we use ads. The
Advertising Id
enables our ad partners to serve you ads that better suit your needs. Toggle your
Ad personalization
settings by visiting
Google Ad Settings
.
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
To make sure your personal information is secure we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to all employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
PRIVACY QUESTIONS
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us.
We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website/apps along with the updated Privacy Policy.
Google Ad Settings
|
Google Privacy & Terms
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like this:
Like
Loading...
Blog at WordPress.com.
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Follow
Following
Best Themes
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Best Themes
Customize
Follow
Following
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
bloggers like this:
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started