
Sotec Consulting - Index
Privacy Policy
SOTEC & its subsidiaries affiliates ("Company" or "we") respect the privacy of its users ("User" or "You") while showing commitment to protect the User's information, be it yours or your children. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use our Products (mobile applications such as games, and apps) and website (The service).
The Consent (Important):
By accessing and/or using the Service, You agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, including to the possible collection and processing of your Personal Information (as defined below).
							Please note: if you disagree to any term provided herein, you may not access or use the Service.
Information Collection:
SOTEC
allows Third parties to collect non personal information or non-identifiable information ("Non-Personal Information").
							To put it simply, with respect to such Non Personal Information we have no idea what is the identity of the User from which Third Parties have collected the Non-personal Information.
							Non Personal Information collected by Third Parties may include the following technical information:
➢ Type of operation system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.)
➢ Type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.)
➢ Screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.)
➢ Language (e.g. English)
➢ Device Vendor (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.)
We collect personally identifiable information you provide us directly, such as while creating the account, manage your profile, do marketing communications, use any interactive and engaging features of our service, conduct a promotional survey, communicate with our customer support team, otherwise you will communicate with us , Your personal information may include your name, email ID, password, mailing address, photos, comments and posts in our forum, messages between different users, and other personal and contact information you wish to provide.
Online & Offline Usage:
SOTEC
allows the use of some features of its Service and some Products offline. Offline use of the Service and Products will preclude the collection of any information pertaining to you and/or your use of the Service or Products (including, as applicable, information pertaining to your child and their use) by any Third Parties (defined below) and/or
SOTEC
.
SOTEC
does not collect any information from its Users. Some information may nonetheless be collected through third party services used by
SOTEC
such as advertising networks, push notification services or others ("Third Parties") and stored on such Third Parties' servers.
Direct Marketing & Advertising:
We accept advertisements from Third Party advertisers. These advertisers are carefully selected to provide information about products and services that we think may be of interest to our Users. Note that if you click on any of these advertisements, these advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser and Third Party with which You are interacting before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
You hereby agree that we may send you notifications for the purpose of informing you regarding products and services (offered by the Company and/or by third parties).
Cookies & Local Storage:
When You access or use the Service,
SOTEC
may use industry-wide technologies such as "cookies" and Flash (or similar technologies), which store certain information on your device ("Local Storage") and which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features, and make your Service experience much more convenient and effortless. The cookies used by the Service are created per session, do not include or gather any information about you, other than your session key and are removed as the session ends. It is easy to prohibit the Local Storage. Most browsers and platforms will allow you to erase cookies from your device, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. In order to erase or disable the Local Storage option in Flash You should use the settings option of Flash according to the specific instructions provided by the technology provider. However, if you block or erase cookies, or change the settings of Flash, your online experience may be limited.
We may also use certain third-party cookies (e.g. Google Authentication). These are a different kind of cookies, stored on your computer by third parties, rather than by the Company. This kind of cookie is only read (and not altered by the Service) each time you visit the Service. Third-party cookies store only Non-personal Information; such as the different pages you have visited strictly within the Service (such the "About" page; "Contact Us" page, the duration of your browsing, etc.).
Security:
We take a great care in maintaining the security of the Service and your information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through industry standard technologies and internal procedures, including through the use of encryption mechanisms. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
Information sharing with Third Parties in the following stated cases:
(1) To satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request.
(2)To enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof.
(3) To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
(4) To respond to claims that any content published on the Service violates any right of a third-party.
(5) To protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users or the general public.
(6) When Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company.
(7) Pursuant to your approval, in order to supply certain services you have requested from Company;
(8) To let our partners and affiliates serve you with advertisements/commercials only.
Changes to the Privacy Policy:
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Service and any information collected therein. Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please revisit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated "Last Revised" and your continued use of the Service on or the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
Privacy Policy for Users in EEA
Changes to the Privacy Policy:
SOTEC
, its subsidiaries and its affiliates (“Company”, “we”) respect the privacy of the users (including children) of their mobile applications (“User” or “you”) and are committed to protect the Users’ information. We believe you have a right to know our practices regarding information we may collect and use when you use our Apps (defined below).
All the detailed below shall be referred to collectively as the stated “Privacy Policy”.
If you are a child, please ensure that your legal guardian has reviewed this Privacy Policy.
Kids Privacy Policy:
We don’t collect any personal info from children (Kids) other than as mentioned in sections below. With respect to using, collecting and disclosing the personal info regarding children using our apps.
The further below described in detail we may collect & maintain information through implementation of certain products or services or directly, for solely supporting our internal operations under applicable laws and rules as permitted.
There are third parties which provides certain products or services in terms of advertising networks, analytical services which may collect and maintain information about the Users.
Such third parties are carefully selected under applicable privacy policy, privacy laws, and the policy guidelines of applicable platform provider like of
Apple
or
Google
.
We do also include and specify whether to allow or not to allow the access to certain specific features to the Users based on the age factor for protection of children (Kids). Like that of placing an option to accept push notification, info shared by children or behavioral advertising.
1. Online Use
a) Non-personal Information:
Detailed below
SOTEC
and its Third Parties may passively collect non-identifiable and anonymous. With respect to such Kids Non-personal Information,
SOTEC
and the Third Parties are not aware of the identity of the User from whom Kids Non-personal Information has been collected. Kids Non-personal Information collected by either
SOTEC
or Third Parties may include technical information as:
i. App version, language (e.g. English)
ii. Type and version of operating system either iOS, Android, etc.
iii. Device type/model (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.)
iv. User’s receipt validation in in-app purchases
v. User behavior within Apps (e.g. ad impressions, response to ads, including ads viewed or clicked)
vi. User retention, performance errors and problems (e.g. Apps’ stability, crashes, functioning, if viewed a specific ad and other game play events, time of the event, internet connectivity (Wi-Fi, 3G), device time zone, etc. etc.)
b) Device Identifier of Kid’s device and No Other Kids personal identifiable information:
Spunky Kids Studio and Third Parties may passively collect a persistent device identifier from Kids, such as advertising identifier (Advertising ID), randomly generated User ID. We may collect, use and provide access to the User’s advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable platform provider’s policies. This is processed for the limited purposes of supporting the internal operations of apps. We do not collect and do not permit Third Parties to collect from Kids any information that may personally identify an individual (e.g. name, address, e-mail) or any other personally identifiable information of a private and/or sensitive nature about the Kids.
SOTEC
does not collect or process any financial or payment information, any government identification numbers, any non-public phonebook or contact information, any microphone and camera sensor data, or any sensitive device data concerning Kids.
Sole purpose of the collection: The information described above is collected and processed solely for the purpose of supporting our
(SOTEC)
internal operations. This means the following:
➢ Maintaining or analyzing the functioning of the Kids Apps and services
➢ Protecting the security or integrity of Users, Kids Apps and services
➢ Providing and improving Apps as well as ensuring proper functioning of the Apps and services
➢ Ensuring legal or regulatory compliance
➢ Authenticating Users (e.g. verify the User’s identity when he/she interacts with advertisements or acquires in-app purchases)
➢ Serving targeted advertisements
➢ Personalizing content and enhancing User experience
➢ Performing network communications
The collection and/or processing in connection with these purposes will performed as permitted under applicable laws and rules.
How is the Information being collected? The Non-personal Information and Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier are collected either by us or by Third Parties through the Users’ use of the Apps, including through Third Parties’ SDKs embedded in our Kids Apps. If Third Parties collect Non-personal Information, Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier and/or any other information directly from Kids, such collection and processing is governed by such Third Parties’ privacy policies and not by our Privacy Policy. However, all Third Parties are carefully selected to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws the Privacy Policy and the rules, policies and guidelines of the applicable Platform Provider.
Non-personal Information and the Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier may also be stored locally on the Users’ device via generally accepted industry technologies used within the Kids Apps, such as “cookies-like technology” and local storage.
2. Offline Use
SOTEC
allows an offline use (without Internet connection and without GPS enablement) of some features of its Kids Apps. Offline use of Kids Apps will preclude collection by
SOTEC
and/or Third Parties of any information pertaining to the User and its use of the Kids Apps.
3. Sharing Kids information with third parties
We may share the Kids’ Persistent Device Identifier only in limited cases, including the following:
➢ To satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request.
➢ To enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof.
➢ To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
➢ To respond to claims that any content published on the Service violates any right of a third-party.
➢ To protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, it’s Users or the general public.
➢ When Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company.
➢ Pursuant to your approval, in order to supply certain services you have requested from Company
➢ To let our partners and affiliates serve you with advertisements/commercials only.
4. Advertising & Marketing
We accept advertisements from Third Party advertisers. These advertisers are carefully selected to provide information about products and services that we think may be of interest to our Users. Note that if you click on any of these advertisements, these advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect non-personal and/or personal information about you. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser and Third Party with which you are interacting before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
You hereby agree that we may send you notifications for the purpose of informing you regarding products and services (offered by the Company and/or by third parties).
5. Third Party Softwares and Services
In game/app services we may be using third party softwares and/or services, in order to
(a) collect and/or process Non-personal information;
(b) provide you with advertisements on different products and services; and
(c) communicate with you through an internal messaging mechanism incorporated in the Service.
Such softwares may include the services without limitation, Unity Ads [Privacy policy at:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
, Google AdMob [Privacy policy at
http://www.admob.com/home/privacy
, and Facebook Ads [which privacy policy can be found at
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/audience-network/policy]
.
Third Party Suppliers
To be able to deliver the Application and its functionalities to you, we use third party sub-suppliers, to whom we may transfer data. One of these partners is Appvestor, please follow the link to read Appvestor's Privacy Policy.
https://legal.appvestor.com/privacy-policy/
6. Cookies & Local Storage:
When You access or use the Service,
SOTEC
may use industry-wide technologies such as "cookies" and Flash (or similar technologies), which store certain information on your device ("Local Storage") and which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features, and make your Service experience much more convenient and effortless. The cookies used by the Service are created per session, do not include or gather any information about you, other than your session key and are removed as the session ends. It is easy to prohibit the Local Storage. Most browsers and platforms will allow you to erase cookies from your device, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. In order to erase or disable the Local Storage option in Flash You should use the settings option of Flash according to the specific instructions provided by the technology provider. However, if you block or erase cookies, or change the settings of Flash, your online experience may be limited.
We may also use certain third-party cookies (e.g. Google Authentication). These are a different kind of cookies, stored on your computer by third parties, rather than by the Company. This kind of cookie is only read (and not altered by the Service) each time you visit the Service. Third-party cookies store only Non-personal Information; such as the different pages you have visited strictly within the Service (such the "About" page; "Contact Us" page, the duration of your browsing, etc.).
7. Security
We take a great care in maintaining the security of the Service and your information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through industry standard technologies and internal procedures, including through the use of encryption mechanisms. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
8. Changes to the Privacy Policy:
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Service and any information collected therein. Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please revisit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Service.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated "Last Revised" and your continued use of the Service on or the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
Any Queries!
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, You are most welcome to send us an email to the following address:
legal@sotec.com
and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable time frame.