Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Orange Game built this app as a Free app,  When you use the app, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you will take time to read it carefully.
Collection of information
Information we collect automatically through the app
When you access or use the app, we automatically collect general information about you, including:
Log Information: We log information about your use of the App, including the type of device you use, the features you use, access times and your IP address.
Device Information: We collect information about the device you use to access the App, including information about the device manufacture, device model, device's OS, time zone of device, language of device.
Device identifiers: We collect online identifiers of the device you use to access the App, including IDFA, Google Ads ID, Google Device ID, Game Center ID, Google Play Account ID.
Usage Information: We collect information relating to your use of the App, including your game progress, scores, achievements and interactions with other players.
Consumption information: We collect information about your consumption habits relating to your use of the App, including which purchases you make with both virtual and real currencies and the reception of virtual goods in-game.
Why does we collect data from its apps?
When you install and use our apps, we can collect and process some of your data for different legitimate purposes.
You will find below explanations regarding the reasons why our may collect data and the legal bases we relies on in each case.
Collects data:
To provide you with the services you asked for
(e.g., knowing that you completed the first level to allow access to the second one)
o     Legal basis – such data processing is strictly necessary for the service(s) asked
To run analytics and understand how users interact with our product and services in order to continuously improve it
(e.g. identifying that a feature is annoying for users or that a level is too difficult for most gamers)
o     Legal basis - Express consent. We only processes or shares personal data collected through our apps for analytics purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice included in our apps.
To serve advertising tailored to the preference and interests of our users
and allow we to continue to provide free services and products
o     Legal basis – Express consent. We only processes or shares personal data collected through our apps for personalized advertising purposes once you express your consent through the pop-up notice included in one of our apps.
For all data processing activities that rely on users’ consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time from the “settings” page in our various applications.
Please only note that in the case where you withdraw your consent or where you refuse to consent in the first place, you will still be served with advertising but that may be less relevant to you as it will not be tailored to your interests.
With who may your data be shared & why?
We does not share your personal data with third parties without your prior consent.
When you consent to the collection of data for advertising and analytics purpose, we may share the data listed above with the following categories of recipients:
Ad Partners: that allow us to monetize the ad inventory of our apps and provide users with free products and services.
Those partners usually collect data via their own tools (Software Development Kits or “SDK”). You will find a list of our partners implementing advertising SDKs through our applications and the privacy policies of their services that describe their practices and allow you to exercise your rights directly toward them hereafter:
o     Facebook -https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
o     Google -https://policies.google.com/privacy
o     Mintegral -https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
o     Unity -
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
o     Vungle -https://vungle.com/privacy/
Analytic companies: that provide us with tools and technologies that allow us to better understand how users interact with our services and will help us improve it. Those partners also usually collect data via their own SDKs. You will find a list of our partners implementing analytical SDKs through our applications hereafter:
o     GameAnalytics -https://policies.google.com/privacy
o     Google -https://policies.google.com/privacy
o     Appsflyer
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Authorities: only to the extent we are obliged to by applicable laws and regulations.
Social sharing features
The App offers or can offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take in the App with other media. You must be over the minimum age limit that is prescribed by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions to use any social sharing features integrated in the App. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature.
Children data
We never knowingly or willingly collect any personal data concerning children under 16 years of age.
Security
We takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Contact
You may contact us at ximing.zhao AT orange-social.com if you have any questions about the above privacy policy.
2020/5/23