
Quaternions, Inc. - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1.
GENERAL
To maintain transparency with our users, we decided to develop our Privacy Policy. Here we will help you understand all the information we collect and what we do with them.
2.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
By our services and games, any information we collect is not stored or saved anywhere, the same is used instantaneously to improve the performance of our services and/or games.
We use third-party services that can collect information, services:
Google Analytics
AdMob
Google - Play Store
3.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS & ADMOB
Through the services provided by Google Inc, with Google Analytics we get not accurate location data (only city or region), user language and the device used, sex, age, internet provider, device being used, exact numbers of executions, application duration per session (in the application), application version, operating system, screen resolution.
With AdMob (service to show ads), the service obtains simple information to present the best ad to the user, we do not have access to this information, just as information:
Ad clicks
AdMob network requests
Matched requests
Ad impressions
4.
GOOGLE - PLAY STORE
Through the Google Apps Market Service (Play Store) we collect simple information according to user interaction. For example, when a user submits their rating/review of our applications, we received information as:
Name of the person registered at Play Store
Rating and review
Name and brand of the device
Installed version of the application on the device
3.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION
All information collected through our services and applications are used to improve user performance. We do not sell or share any information to public or private agencies.
All information collected through our servers are not saved, are used instantly (except for third-party services as mentioned in the above categories).
We'll keep our Privacy Policy always updated, so that it is as simple and transparent as possible for our users.
Quaternions, Inc.