Privacy Policy & Term of Use
News
Airforce
United States Army Air Forces
Imperial Japanese Army Air Service
Royal Air Force
Luftwaffe
Army
United States Army
Imperial Japanese Army
British Army
German Army
Forum
Video
Tips & Tricks
Gallery
Privacy Policy & Term of Use
Privacy Policy & Term of Use
I. TERMS AND CONDITIONS (“TERMS”)
Please read these Terms and Conditions (“Terms”,”Terms and Conditions”) carefully before using this App or Services operated Phanotek, Inc.
Phanotek Inc. (“we”,”our” or “us”) operates the Wings Of Duty, Phanotek website (the “Site”), provides various apps, games and social networks (the “Apps”), and offers certain other features, content, or contests from time to time (Collectively, “Additional Features”) (the Site, Apps, and Additional Features shall hereinafter sometimes be collectively referred to as the “Services”).
Your access to and use of the Services is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Services.
By accessing or using the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms, if you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not use the Services.
II. YOUR ACCOUNT
To be able to use the Services, you are required to signup an account (“Account”). You will be asked for your email address and create a password. You are responsible for keeping confidential any passwords that you created to use any aspect of the Services. You agree to accept full responsibility for all activities that occur within your Account. You must notify us immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account.
Although we will not liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your Account, whether with or without your knowledge, you may be liable for losses due to unauthorized use of your Account.
We may terminate or suspend access to your access to this app immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provision of Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
III. PURCHASES / VIRTUAL ITEMS / SUBSCRIPTIONS
Your purchase of any App, Virtual Item or other content through the Services constitutes your representation and warranty that you are of legal age to form a binding contract, and if not of legal age, that you have placed such order with the permission of a parent or legal guardian, and that you are not a person barred from using or receiving the Services by any local, state, federal or international law.
The price of any product or service purchased through the Services will be the price specified at the time of your purchases. Prices for all products and services exclude all applicable taxes and telecommunications charges, unless otherwise indicated. To the extent permissible by law, you agree to be responsible for any such applicable taxes and telecommunication charges.
Virtual currency, including but not limited to virtual golds, cash, tokens or points , all for use in the Services have no real-world value and can not be redeemed for actual currency, goods or other items of monetary value, including the event that you have unused Virtual Items remaining in your account at the time your account is closed, whether such closure was voluntary or not.
All sales of Virtual Items are final. No refunds will be given, except in our sole and absolute discretion and does not transfer ownership of that Virtual Item to you. This license cannot be sold, transferred, gifted or traded or sublicense. Any such transfer or attempted transfer is prohibited and void and may subject to a lifetime ban from our products and services, and even legal action.
Offline game-mode requires purchase an auto-renewing subscription through an In-App Purchase.
• Auto-renewable subscription
• 1 month ($0.99), 6 month ($4.99) and 12 month ($7.99) durations
• Your subscription will be charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase and will automatically renew (at the duration selected) unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
• Current subscription may not be cancelled during the active subscription period; however, you can manage your subscription and/or turn off auto-renewal by visiting your iTunes Account Settings after purchase
• Privacy policy and terms of use: www.gunshipsequel.com/privacy-policy-term-of-use/
IV. ONLINE
You, as an user, agree to use the Services only for lawful purposes. Specific prohibited activities include but not limited to:
1. Criminal activities such as but not limited to child pornography, fraud, drug dealing, gambling, harassment, spamming, copyright infringement, theft.
2. Promoting abusive, threatening.
3. Promoting or distributing sexually explicit or pornographic photos and/or pictures.
4. Attempting to disable the Services or copying of any content from the Services.
5. Soliciting personal information from anyone under 18.
6. Using cheats, exploits, automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any unauthorized software designed to modify or interfere with the Services and taking advantage of cheats or exploits.
FREE TO PLAY
Subscribe
Email *
Phanotek, Inc 2018. All Rights Reserved.
Designed by
GameSiteTemplates.com
.