Privacy Policy
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
GAME HIPPO STUDIO
Last Updated: 10/02/2019
OUR FIRST PRIORITY IS TO SECURE YOUR PRIVACY:
We at Game Hippo Studio are strictly committed to protect the privacy rights of our users. This Privacy Policy Document defines the ways we collect, use, manage or store user data including personal information (if any). this data can be provided by the user in any ways while playing our mobile games on either Google Play Store, Amazon or iOS App Store. The scope of this Policy is limited to Information received or collected by Game Hippo Studio via any of our Service you used.
Use of the service shows that you are agree to this Policy, if you do not agree with the Policy please do not use the Service.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION:
This is how Game Hippo Studio can collect your information:
We obtain certain information when you provide it to us: for example, if you setup your account profile, participate in a discussion board, you may provide your name, email address, your date of birth, photograph, and a list of interests such as your favourite music and television shows. Some of that information can be used by Game Hippo Studio to identify or contact you directly and is sometimes referred to as personally identifiable information.
Game Hippo Studio also gathers non-personally identifiable information from Users of our Services. Non-personally identifiable information is information that usually cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity, and may include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifiers, anonymous IDs for advertising, operating system, mobile network information, browser type, existing applications, browsing activity and non-precise device location information (e.g., city or region).
LOCATION:
Depending on the provider, we may automatically receive general location information when you use our Services. We may use and store this information to provide enhanced location-based Services as well as to serve location-targeted advertising without your express opt-in, which includes communication to third party Services providers who have agreed with Game Hippo Studio to keep such information confidential and only use such information to the extent necessary to perform the Services as required by Game Hippo Studio.
HOW DOES Game Hippo Studio USE INFORMATION?
AD SERVING BY THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS:
Game Hippo Studio reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purpose of advertising by Game Hippo Studio may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information for the purpose of interest based ads serving.
Please read the privacy of ad networks we are using in our games.
We develop our games using unity 3d and use unity ad network:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
We use google services and admob in our games:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=US
Chartboost ads:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Vungle ads network:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
GDPR:
According to GDPR the users of EU/UK will be notified to allow the ads network to gather the personal information to serve the interest based and location based advertisement. If the user in that particular area does not allow the access to personal information he will be receiving non interest based ads.
​DISCLOSURES OF INFORMATION:
We at Game Hippo Studio don’t collect and store the personally identifiable information in anyway, our third party service providers like ads networks may collect and store the information. This document displays the privacy policy of all third party services we are using in our games, you can contact them for any content change or information removal.
SECURITY:
We use reasonable electronic, personnel, and physical measures to protect information from loss, theft, alteration, or misuse. However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot fully eliminate all risks. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures.
CHILDREN:
We do not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 unless or except as permitted by law. If we are made aware that we have received personally identifiable information from someone under 13, Game Hippo Studio will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES:
Game Hippo Studio may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to Game Hippo Studio Privacy Policy will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse