Pepi Play - Apps For Children » privacy_policy
Apps
About Us
Career
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Overview
Here at Pepi Play we design apps primarily for children, but parents are encouraged to play together and moderate child’s experience. We take privacy seriously and aim to comply with all privacy regulations worldwide, like the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).  This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by Pepi Play through mobile applications and website and how we use that information.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect technical information based on his use, which includes:
Technical information relating to his device, such as his mobile device’s brand, model, operating system version and country.
Non personal data about user game progress, which helps us improve our applications. This includes certain game elements and characters used by player, time spent during the game, crash reports and pages visited.
Some demographic information including device owners gender and age;
Who Do We Share Your Child’s Information With?
We acknowledge that children are a special, delicate and susceptible group, and therefore we try to minimize all exposure of children’s information to anyone. We only share specific information with our employees and with some third parties who provide us with a part of the services, including:
Google’s Firebase and Firebase Analytics for database and statistics.
Mailchimp and MailerLite to collect and send emails about new apps to our subscribers.
Iron Source for displaying advertisements, which is not behavioral and do not target your child specifically.
Our Apps may display advertisements served by SuperAwesome Trading Limited (“SuperAwesome”), a provider of kid-safe advertising services that are designed specifically for the compliance requirements of younger audiences, including those aged under 13. SuperAwesome places contextual advertising on applications developed by Pepi Play without collecting any personally identifiable information, including persistent identifiers.
SuperAwesome is certified as COPPA-compliant by the kidSAFE Seal Program, an FTC-Approved COPPA Safe Harbor Program. Please go to www.kidsafeseal.com for more information.
SuperAwesome is a valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board’s Privacy Certified Program (“ESRB Privacy Certified”). To protect your privacy, SuperAwesome has voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative, and its services have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online information collection, use and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy program, SuperAwesome’s services are subject to frequent audits and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified.
SuperAwesome also provides advertising services in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 1996/679). Adopting an approach of ‘privacy by design and by default’, SuperAwesome utilises proprietary technologies so that it neither collects, stores nor shares your personal data to provision advertisements or target advertising to you.
You may contact SuperAwesome directly at privacy@superawesome.com on + 44 203 668 6677, or by post: Privacy Team, SuperAwesome Trading Limited, 22 Long Acre, London WC2E 9LY, United Kingdom.
Our Apps may display advertisements served by InMobi. InMobi is committed to respecting and protecting individuals’ privacy rights and complying with all applicable laws and regulations including the US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“) rules effective on July 1, 2013. InMobi adopts the policy of not knowingly collecting any personal information about children under the age of 13 in US. In response to the new COPPA rules effective on July 1, 2013 InMobi is continuing to ensure that we do not collect and use information from children’s sites for behavioral advertising (often referred to as interest-based advertising). We will continue to only use any data in the manner that COPPA prescribes. We have identified all existing publisher sites and apps directed to children to ensure we are in full compliance with the new COPPA rules and from 30 June, 2013 ensure that new and existing publishers are required to notify InMobi of any new sites or app accounts that are directed at children to ensure we continue to comply with the COPPA rules. InMobi is also compliant with GDPR and the age gating provisions GDPR in EEA. Please contact
privacy@inmobi.com
if you have any questions.
These third parties are under strict confidentiality obligations and shall never use your child’s information for any purpose save for providing the services.
Cookies
We use cookies only when you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Push Notifications
For our applications, we may send push notifications about updates or new game from same series. Push notification process automatically provides us with a token which is identified to a specific device, enabling notifications to be sent to that device through OneSignal push notification service.  The token is used only to send push notifications.  The token is not disclosed and is not used for any other purpose or combined with any other information.  Notifications can be turned off through the “Notifications” tab within iOS or Android “Settings”.
Links
We may include links to third parties from our website or services. We are not responsible for these companies and including a link to them doesn’t mean that Pepi Play endorses them. So be sure to check their privacy policies if you decide to visit them. We would like to remind you, that all links to third parties from our applications are locked with Kid Lock, that insures your children are safe while playing and staying in the game.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change or update the Privacy Policy from time to time as we add new or different features, or as the law changes.  Thus, you should review the Privacy Policy frequently. If you don’t agree with this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, you should not use the sites and services. If you have any questions please contact us at privacy@pepiplay.com
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at privacy@pepiplay.com
Our Privacy Policy was last updated on May 9th, 2019.
Follow us:
Copyright © 2023 Pepiplay.
info@pepiplay.com