VO Dijital Sanat Teknolojileri | PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
English
Deutsch
Español
Português
Français
Italiano
bahasa Indonesia
UPDATED ON 18TH SEPTEMBER, 2023
VO Dijital Sanat Teknolojileri Ltd Sti (collectively, VO DIGITAL ARTS, "us", "our" or "we") provides this Privacy Policy (this "Policy") to describe the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, 
        including personal information, and data that our users ("users" or "you") provide or we collect in connection with the VO DIGITAL ARTS website available at
https://vodigitalarts.com
and any VO DIGITAL ARTS game provided on a mobile platform (each a "Service," collectively, the "Services").
        Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by VO DIGITAL ARTS through your use of the Services. 
        VO DIGITAL ARTS is not responsible for the actions of individuals with no relationship to VO DIGITAL ARTS or third party companies, the content of their sites, 
        the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those individuals or companies.
Information and Data We Collect from You
When you use our Services, you may give us your contact information directly on our website, generally your name and email address. 
        We also collect certain information and data, such as your application usage, access, last session date, in-app purchases and your username 
        (If you have connected to Google Play Game Services or Apple Game Center).
We do not collect any of your sensitive and personal data, such as geolocation, call history, passwords etc. We do not communicate with other applications you use.
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the 
        VO DIGITAL ARTS' games you are playing.
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you.
You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
We may collect non-personal information about you through our Service. Such information may include your operating system type and version, and the time and date of your visit to the Service.
How We Use Your Information
VO DIGITAL ARTS' primary goals in using information are to provide Services to you, troubleshoot, improve and optimize our Services, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use.
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service.
For example, we may use your information to:
Operate and improve our Services;
Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Services;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Deliver advertising and marketing and promotional information to you;
Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by VO DIGITAL ARTS and our selected partners;
Enable you to communicate with other users; and
Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Use of Your Information by Others
Third Party Services
Our Services contain third party tracking and data collection and analytics tools from our service providers. 
        Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user and device related data and information on our behalf.
        The third parties may have access to and collect data and information about you, such as your device identifier,
        geo-location information, IP address, application usage, access and session times and your viewing of and interactions with advertising, 
        for the purpose of providing their services, including, for example, enabling, providing and delivering advertising as described in further detail below.
Advertising
To the extent we display advertising in our Services, we may allow advertising networks of our affiliates and partner networks 
            to collect information about your mobile device to enable them to serve targeted ads to you. Such mobile device data includes the following:
Device model and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size & orientation, audio volume and battery;
Carrier;
Operating system;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services; and
Identifier for advertisers (IDFA).
The ad technology providers we commonly work with:
AdMob
AppLovin
Meta Audience Network
The privacy policies of our partners may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection 
        and use practices and tracking technologies, and we encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and use practices, 
        use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
Personalized Ads
If you are an iOS user, you can directly manage the sharing of your information with third-party advertisers from the App Tracking section on your device.
If you are an Android user and you are located in the GDPR region, we provide you with a form to manage the necessary permissions.
For players outside the GDPR region, when they accept our privacy policy, by default, they agree to their information detailed above with advertisers.
By agreeing to our Privacy Policy, by default, you agree to share your information detailed above with advertisers.
When you set the "Personalized Ads" option we offer in the Settings in the game, or opt-out App tracking from your device, we immediately send your preference to our advertisers.
After we send your privacy preference to advertisers, it is their sole responsibility to collect and process your data in accordance with the law.
If you are resident of California
You may opt-out of future "sales" of your personal information.
A “sale” is defined under the CCPA as a disclosure of personal information to third parties for monetary or "other valuable consideration."
To opt-out of "sales", 
        If you are using an Android device, you can turn off the "Personalized Ads" option in the game's settings. This will prevent the game from showing ads that are tailored based on your interests or behavior.
If you are using an iOS device, you can turn off the "App Tracking" option specifically for the game on your device. By doing this, you can control whether your information is shared with third-party advertisers for targeted advertising purposes.
If you want more privacy, you may limit data collection by third parties:
For Meta (Facebook) Ads, check your privacy settings on Facebook app or website
For Google Mobie Ads, check your device settings/advertising section
For other advertisers, check settings section we provide in the game
Please note that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your applications.
            It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. 
            Additionally, please not that if you use a different mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
If you preferer, your non-personal data such as game progress, country, nickname, session times etc. are collected in our cloud, which is physically located in United States, New York.
The services we use for logging into the game and storing your data in the Cloud Service:
Google Play Games
Apple Game Center
All data, including game progress, manually or automatically saved by you in our system, is permanently deleted if you are inactive for 3 months.
How We May Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
VO DIGITAL ARTS does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described herein.
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties for the following purposes:
With service providers that perform services on our behalf, including the ones referenced above under "Third Party Services";
With our affiliates;
For analytics and research purposes;
In response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes;
To protect our or a third party's legal rights, investigate fraud, or to defend against a legal claim;
As part of a business transfer such as a merger, acquisition, or at bankruptcy;
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties; and
These service providers may use cookies to collect information about your online activities across this and other sites over time for non-advertising purposes.
To learn more about how these services collect and process data and the choices that are offered to you to control these activities, you may visit their privacy policies.
You may contact VO DIGITAL ARTS' Data Protection Officer at support@vodigitalarts.com or info@vodigitalarts.com for further information.
HOME
|
TERMS OF USE
|
CONTACT US
©2023 VO DIGITAL ARTS