Mager Privacy Policy
PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi (SIDJI Studio) are dedicated to protect the privacy of our users (users or you). This Privacy Policy (the Policy) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in our products, including websites, apps, and games that we provide from our official channels (SIDJI Studio’ Google Play Store and Apple App Store) (collective collectively, the Service).
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi (SIDJI Studio) through your use of the Service. PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi (SIDJI Studio) is not responsible for the actions of third parties, the content of their sites/apps/games, the use of information that you provide to them, and any other services or products they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our affiliation with the third parties.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information as described in the policy. Should you have a disagreement with our policy, please do not use the Service. You can contact us for concerns and questions regarding this policy via email at: cs@sidjistudio.com
Information Collection and Use
PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi (SIDJI Studio) primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide the Services to you, improve the Service, contact you, and to create reports for internal use. We store the information on our servers that are located in Indonesia.
SIDJI Studio Web Sites
While you browse SIDJI Studio’ Web Sites, your device’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser types and language, and the referring Web Site address may be logged automatically. We may use this information to monitor the performance of our website to analyze and develop your use of the Service. In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process and store data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, photo, gender, age, birthday, id-card, links to your profiles at social media and other third party sites, username, and email addresses. We may use this information to create a user profile and provide you services. We may use your email address and id-card to notify you about company news and promotions. Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions. If you no longer with to receive these types of promotional materials, you may opt-out from receiving them at any time by emailing us at cs@sidjistudio.com.
Social Media
SIDJI Studio' web sites includes Social Media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets and other interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. The Social Media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our sites. Your interaction with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
iOS and Android Platforms
When you use any of the PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi (SIDJI Studio)’ games or application on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / not persistent), hardware type, media access control (MAC) address, international mobile equipment identity (IMEI), the version of your operating system (OS), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your IP address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application. If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you can always turn it off at the device level. Please note that the application may not working properly if you disable the features.
In addition, we may create a unique ID to track your use of the Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi (SIDJI Studio)’ games that you are playing.
Google+
You can log in to our site using sign-in services from third party Social Media Service such as Google, Apple Game Center, or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, gender, age, country, and email address.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service or support and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi (SIDJI Studio)’ games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by emailing us at cs@sidjistudio.com.
Camera
Our products may request your permission to access your smartphone's camera to take picture. The picture will only be used, modified, stored, and shared after the permission of the player. You may at any any time turn off this feature by turning it off at the device level through your settings.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we may collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with other players inside the game via server log files. This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address, or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them.
Tracking Technologies
We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a user computer/device and to remember things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Services easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use some features of the Service.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Application on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
Our Services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, example of which include Google Analytics and Firebase. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties.
How We Use Information:
Create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
        Understand your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment of using our Service;
        Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
        Provide and deliver products and services you request;
        Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
        Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services;
        and
        Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better Services.
Disclosure of Your Information
PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi (SIDJI Studio) does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below: 
        With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies. If you no longer wish us to allow us to share your information with third parties, please contact us at cs@sidjistudio.com.
        We may release your information as permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; investigate fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
        PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi (SIDJI Studio) may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or notice on our site of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
        We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Changes to the Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Security
PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi (SIDJI Studio) takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuses, or alteration by third parties. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third party hackers from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuses, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Access to Personal Information
If you want to change your personal information, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or delete inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us at cs@sidjistudio.com. We will respond to your access request within 30 days.
There are some personal information within MaGer : (1) In-Game Nickname (public view) (2) Facebook email or Google Email (private view) (3) Phone number (private view) (4) Profile photo that is shown on leaderboard (public view).
Public view is information that can be seen with other people. Private view is information that cannot be seen with other people.
How to change User data
(1). In-Game Nickname :
Go to profile menu (upper-left button on menu.
Press “ganti” button on the nickname panel.
Input new nickname and press OK.
(2) Email :
Go to profile menu (upper-left button on menu).
Press “ganti” button on the email panel.
Input new email and press OK.
(3) Phone Number :
Go to profile menu (upper-left button on menu).
Press “number change” button on the phone number panel.
Input new phone number and press OK.
Wait for a moment until server send token to user phone number through SMS.
Input token code that has been sent to user.
After it validated, the phone number will be changed.
If user has already change the phone number more than 1 times, then it will takes 14 days to change to new phone number.
(4) Profile photo :
Go to profile menu (upper-left button on menu).
Press “Personlisasi” button under profile icon.
Press “Upload Avatar” button.
This method is require permission to access gallery from user, if user not giving permission then the profile photo won’t be change.
After permission is given, then gallery will be open, and user will choose 1 profile photo to be displayed.
Then press “Simpan” button and photo profile will be uploaded and saved on the server database .
Request of deletion and replacement of data that asked from the user directly to developer :
(1)Nickname :
User will give userID and the new nickname to be changed by developer.
Developer will access user database based on userID.
Developer will access nickname attribute and change with the new nickname as per request from user.
If the request is about deletion of the nickname, nickname will be automatically change into userID.
After being changed, the data will be saved to make changes on game.
(2)Email :
User will give userID and new email to be changed by developer.
Developer will access user database based on user ID.
Developer will access email attribute and change with the new email as per request from user.
if the request is about deletion of email, then the email will be emptied, so there will be no display on the profile menu.
After being changed, data will be saved to make changes on game.
(3)Phone number :
User give userID and new phone number to be changed by developer.
Developer will access user database based on userID.
Developer will access phone number attribute and change with the new phone number.
if the request is about deletion of phone number, then the phone number will be deleted from database, so there will be no display on user profile.
After being changed, data will be saved to make changes on game.
(4)Profile photo :
User give userID and new photo file to be changed by developer.
Developer wil access user database based on userID.
Developer will access photo profile folder data and change with new photo as per request from user.
If the request is about deletion of the profile photo, then the photo file will be deleted from database, so there will be no display on the user profile.
After being changed, data will be saved to make changes on game.
Survey Serving Technology
This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Publishers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user's device data (including Advertising ID, Device ID, other available electronic identifiers and further response meta-data is automatically sent, via our app, to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully the Pollfish respondent terms located at https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sends such questionnaires to eligible users. Pollfish may share such data with third parties, clients and business partners, for commercial purposes. By downloading the application, you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by visiting the following link https://www.pollfish.com/respondent/opt-out. We once more invite you to check the Pollfish respondent's terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works and with whom Pollfish may further share your data
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at cs@sidjistudio.com.
© PT. Sidji Jaya Abadi 2023