BigCode Game - PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
Information Collection
Information Usage
Information Protection
Cookie Usage
3rd Party Disclosure
3rd Party Links
Google AdSense
Fair Information Practices
Fair information
Practices
COPPA
Our Contact Information
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of  how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable  Information in accordance with our website.
In this Privacy Policy we explain:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of BigCode games, websites and other related services, collectively the "Services". Please note that we may from time to time update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy. By using our Services, you agree to the processing of your data in accordance with this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy and the practices described herein, please do not access and / or use the Services.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our  blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be  asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your  experience.
BigCode GAMES respects your right to privacy. Any personal information that you  share with us, like your name, date of birth, address, marital status,  telephone number, credit card particulars and the like, shall be entitled to  privacy and kept confidential.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you or enter information on our  site.
Why do we collect your data?
To make the Services work (performance of contract)
We process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Services
Operate the Services
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you communication related to the Services
To make the Services more enjoyable for our players (legitimate interests)
We collect and process necessary data to
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Services and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Services
Customize your Services experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you offers in the Services related to other BigCode GAMES products and services
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other players
To show personalized advertisements (legitimate interests or consent depending on applicable jurisdiction)
We collect, process and transfer to our third-party partners personal data to:
Track the content you access in connection with the Services and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Services
INFORMATION THAT WE MAY COLLECT
We may collect the following categories of personal information in the ways described below: Personally Identifiable Information: We may collect the following information when you sign up with or use an BigCode Games Offering: . Identifiers such as first name, last name, date of birth, email address, mailing address, and phone number; · Payment and commercial information, such as credit or debit card information or other payment details, depending on your form of payment, and information about your transactions with us; · Demographic information, such as your gender and age; and · Inferences based on the information described above and other information described in this Privacy Policy.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
BigCode Games collects, stores, uses and discloses personal information about you as described above. We do so: · to provide you with the service you request, pursuant to our Terms of Use; · based on our legitimate business interest, and subject to your right of objection, to: (i) improve our services and your gaming experience, (ii) ensure the security of our games, (iii) send you newsletters with the latest information on our products and company as well as other advertising for our products, (iv) conclude corporate transactions (e.g., corporate restructuring, sale or assignment of assets, merger); · subject to your explicit consent, share data about you for ad personalization and measurement by our partners. We will present you with a consent form when you access our offerings. · to comply with our legal obligations, any court order or binding decision; · to protect our rights and property, enforce our Terms of Use and legal notices and for the establishment, exercise and defense of legal claims; and · for purposes unrelated to those described in this Privacy Policy by first notifying you and, where required, offering you a choice as to whether or not we may use your personal information in this different manner. To the extent you provide information about friends and family members, you will present them this Privacy Policy and obtain their consent to provide their information. If you do not have their consent, do not send us their personal information.
To keep the Services safe and fair
Ensuring a level playing field in the Services is a top priority for us.
In order to keep the Services and their social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Services and its social features
Moderate chats either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data in anonymized form.
With your consent
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your location based on your IP address to show you local events.
How do we use your information?
We may use the  information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for  our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the  website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user's  experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings  in which you are most interested.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is  scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in  order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We do not use Malware  Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is  only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights  to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In  addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure  Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits,  or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal  information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Security and other important information
How long does BigCode Games keep your data?
Personal data collected, received and processed for the purposes described in this policy is not kept longer than necessary by BigCode Games.
BigCode Games does not retain user level data except for the data collected for the purpose of its first-party analytics tool which can be stored up to 25 months based on the guidelines of our Supervisory Data Protection Authority.
Children data
You must be over a certain age to play our games and use our Services, depending on where you live. For the full list of age restrictions by country, please see below. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the ages set out below, or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age set out below, please Contact Us.
Advertising
Our games may include advertising for third party products and services.
BigCode Games and our advertising partners collect and use information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our games. To provide our games, Websites and interest-based advertising, we use ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies. This section describes our use of these technologies and how you can manage your preferences..
International transfers
Some of the partners and processors referred to in this policy are located outside of the European Union.
In such case, we ensure that:
the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection or,
For personal data transferred outside of countries recognized by the European Commission as having a sufficient level of protection, any of the mechanisms offering appropriate guarantees is used, for which provision is made by applicable regulations, and notably the adoption of the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission.
How do we protect your data
Security Safeguards
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Services. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Your rights and options
Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can always opt-out of directed advertising in our games by checking the privacy settings of your device. Please review your device’s user manual on how to do so. For more information, see also: BigCode GAMES Partners
Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. If certain personal data is processed based on consent given by you, such consent can also be withdrawn by you at any time, for example in the applicable game's settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider  transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow)  that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser  and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to  help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also  used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site  activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use  cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site  interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the  future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and  process the items in the shopping cart.
 Keep track of  advertisements.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent,  or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser  (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look  at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It won't  affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and  some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders .
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your  personally identifiable information.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our  website.
Google
Google's advertising  requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put  in place to provide a positive experience for users.  https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.  Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on  their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of  the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network  privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with  Google AdSense
Google Display Network  Impression Reporting
Demographics and  Interests Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party  cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as  the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile  data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service  functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad  Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network  Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics  Opt Out Browser add on.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the  collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's  Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal  Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA  Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do  to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Age limits
We do not knowingly  collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest-based  advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to  use our Services.  If you are under 13,  please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address,  telephone number, or email address.  No  one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal  data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as  possible.  If you believe that we might  have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information  Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and  the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of  data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information  Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply  with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the  following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that  individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data  collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle  requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users,  but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to  investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a  law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for  commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from  being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you  can email us at
and we will promptly remove you from
ALL
correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any  questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the  information below.
http://bigcodegames.com
info@bigcodegames.com