The company respects and protects the personal privacy of all service users. In order to provide you with a more accurate and more personalized service, the Company will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. However, the Company will treat such information in a high degree of diligence and discretion. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, without your prior consent, the Company will not disclose such information to any third party. The Company will continue to update this privacy policy. At the time you agree to the Company's Service Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to all of the contents of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy belongs to an integral part of the Service Agreement.
1. Information Use
The Company fully respects and protects all personal information submitted and generated by users during use of website services provided by the Company. Except as otherwise provided in the terms, the Company, without the prior consent of the user, will not disclose the user’s privacy information to any third party. Except with your permission, the third party or the Company individually or collectively serving you will be denied access to your information, including all previously accessible information upon termination of the service.
2. Information Storage and Exchange
Your information and data collected by the Company will be stored on the Company’s servers and (or) its affiliates’ servers. Such information and data may be transferred to foreign countries outside the country or region in which you are currently located, or the location where information and data is collected, and accessed and stored in foreign countries.
3. Information Administration
Without disclosing user’s privacy information, the company is entitled the technical analysis of the entire user database, and use it for commercial purposes after such analysis (including, but not limited to publishing, analyzing, or by other means, utilize the user’s access volume, access time, preferences and other user data).
4. Using Cookies to Collect Data
We may use cookies to collect user data, which helps users when revisiting the site. Cookies are small pieces of data sent by a web server and stored in a web browser so that the data can be read from the browser in the future. Currently, the data collected from cookies is used to improve service function. Data provided by the Company is analyzed and organized based on cumulative use of the service by users. Cookies helps the login process operate faster and more smoothly, and can store data between calls.
You may disable cookies in your browser without affecting your experience on our website, but cookies do make our services more convenient. Disabling cookies may make using our service more complicated and involve more input procedures. You should also note that if you disable cookies, some features of the Company's services may be affected.
5. Privacy Policy Update
The Company reserves the right to revise the terms of the Privacy Policy at any time. Without prior notice to individual users, we may publish revisions on the corresponding web pages when revising the terms. If a user does not agree to the revised content, the user may stop using all services provided by the Company. If the user continues to use any service provided by the Company, the user is deemed to have accepted the revised content provided by the Company.
6. Delete Your Personal Data
You have the right to contact us and request your personal data to be deleted. If you withdraw your consent to delete the data, we assume you consider such process of your data is not applicable by the law or other conditions. Please be aware that deleting your personal data might affect your continuous use of this app and its function.
7. How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights
By contacting us via our official email: customer_service@efun.com, you can exercise any of your privacy rights.
We promise to exercise your privacy rights within 30 days after receipt. In some cases, this process might take us up 90  days at most. For example, to completely erase your personal data storing in our backup systems. If we need more time or it is necessary to explain the reason for the delay, we will let you know.