Privacy Policy - Protostar Games
Protostar Games
Making sweet games since 2014
Skip to content
Home
Dream Hopper
It’s Literally Just Mowing
Super Starfish
Sling Kong
Archive
Shouty Heads
Checkpoint Champion
About Us
Privacy Policy
[google-translator]
Protostar is committed to protecting the privacy of our players. This privacy policy describes how Protostar uses and protects any information that you give us when you play any of our games. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this game, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this policy. Protostar may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We or the companies we’ve partnered with may collect the following information:
Your location (country).
The type of device you’re using.
Your game play statistics.
Advertising statistics.
What we do with the information we gather
We collect this information to improve your game-experience and to provide you with a better service.
Other Services
Protostar may use other companies services in our games that also collect data. Please refer to their individual privacy policies for more information on these services and the data that they collect.
Bright Data
In return for some of the premium features of Sling Kong, you may choose to be a peer on the Bright Data network. By doing so you agree to have read and
accepted the Terms of Service of the Bright SDK EULA:
https://brightdata.com/legal/sdk-eula
You may opt out of the Bright Data network by clicking the Web Indexing toggle to OFF in Sling Kong’s Options menu.
Facebook
Our games optionally allow users to link their Facebook profile to the game.  In these cases we only access your most basic account information such as Name for in-game display purposes as well as your friends list for display on high score leaderboards and sending friend challenges.  If you choose to sign into Facebook we will also link your Facebook account to your Playfab Game account so that game data can be easily restored to you.
Facebook Privacy Policy
If you wish your to unlink your Facebook account from your Playfab Game account please contact us at support@protostargames.com.
Game Data Storage
Your game inventory data could be stored on PlayFab’s cloud servers which we use to restore to you if you play our games across multiple devices.  If you wish to permanently delete this stored game data please contact support@protostargames.com
PlayFab Privacy Policy
Game Analytics Services
During gameplay we may track usage data such as game session length, which menus are acessed and which characters are being used.  This non-identifiable and aggregated data is used to help us make the game better.
GameAnalytics Privacy Policy
Advertising Providers
We’ve strived to ensure that only appropriate advertising suitable for general audiences is shown.  If you feel you’ve received an inappropriate advert please contact us at support@protostargames.com
We currently serve advertisements from the following providers:
IronSource Privacy Policy
AdMob and AdSense Privacy Policy
Unity3D and UnityAds Privacy Policy
MoPub Privacy Policy
Vungle Privacy Policy
Chartboost Privacy Policy
Tapjoy Privacy Policy
Playwire
Common ID Cookie
This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking
here
.
Advertising Privacy Settings
FOR EU USERS ONLY: When you use our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device and about your interests to serve ads or personalized content. You may revisit or change consent-choices at any time by clicking
here
.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Opting out of Services
Ways to opt-out of our Services:
if we send you an email, there will be an unsubscribe link;
if we post updates via
Facebook
you can ‘unlike’ our page and you will no longer get updates;
if you receive one of our tweets you can stop following us on
Twitter
; or
if we use another type of social media you can opt-out using that service.
If you need help opting-out please contact us at support@protostargames.com.
Links to other websites
Our games may contain advertising and links to other websites of interest. However, once you follow these links, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, except in delivery of our games, unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. To obtain a copy of any information that we hold about you, please contact support@protostargames.com. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Leave a Reply
Cancel reply
You must be
logged in
to post a comment.
Protostar Press Kit
Sling Kong Press Kit
Checkpoint Champion Press Kit
Privacy Policy
Sling Kong Support
Super Starfish Support
Just Mowing Support
Shouty Heads Support
Dream Hopper Support
© Protostar Games 2014
Powered by
Nirvana
&
WordPress.
English
Arabic
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Dutch
English
French
German
Hebrew
Italian
Portuguese
Russian
Spanish