This game user privacy very seriously, so this worked out how to cover the collection, use, disclosure, sharing, and storing user information "Privacy Policy." When users use our service, we may collect and use information about you. We want to show you through this "Privacy Policy" in the use of our services, how we collect, use, store and share information, and we provide you access, update, and control the way information is protected. This "Privacy Policy" applies to user interactions with this game and this game user registration and use of services, we recommend that you carefully read this policy to help you understand ways to protect their privacy. In order for you to fully understand the contents of this policy, the terms of the presence or potential presence of a significant relationship with your interest in this policy, we have adopted are labeled in bold prompts you to pay attention.
you use or continue to use our services, you agree to us in accordance with this "Privacy Policy" collection, use, storage and Share your information.
If you have any questions about this "Privacy Policy" or related issues, please leave a message.
information we may collect
we provide services, may collect, store and use the following information about you. If you do not provide relevant information, we may not be able to register as users or access to certain services we provide, or can not meet the relevant services intended to achieve.
< span class = "c0"> The information you provide
When you register an account or use our services, provided to us personal information, such as phone numbers, proof of identity, such as e-mail;
If you use our service requires users Link a bank account or other payment instruments account can only realize when you provide your bank account information, account information or other payment instrument to us;
share information you provide to others through our services, and information when you use our service stored.
other parties sharing your information
provided by other parties to share information about your use of our services.
We get your information
when you use the service, we may collect the following information:
log information, refer to technical information when you use our service, you may be automatically collected through cookies, web beacon, or other means, including: < / span>
o equipment or software information, such as your mobile device, web browser or other programs for access to our services provided configuration information, your IP address and mobile equipment used version and device identification code;
o search when using our service information or visit, such as web search you use words, social media page url address to access, and your use of other information and content details visit our services, or required to provide;
o information about you ever use mobile applications (APP) and other software, as well as the information you have to use such mobile applications and software;
o you through our information and communication services, such as account had communication, and communication time, data Long;
o information (metadata) that you share through our services included, such as shooting or upload share date, time or place such as photos or videos.
location information, refer you turn on the device positioning function and use information about your location-based related services provided location we collected, including:
comprising o you or other user-supplied geographic location of your real-time information, such as account information you provided contains information in your area, you or someone else to show your current upload or share information once geographical location, geotagging information you or others shared a photograph contained;
o You can turn off targeting, stop collecting your location information.
How do we use your information
we may use the information collected in the course of providing services to you used for the following purposes:
o when you use our services via a mobile device with positioning capabilities, such as collected by GPS or WiFi mode your location information;
To provide you with services;
When we provide services for authentication, customer service, security, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes, to ensure the safety of the products and services we provide to you;
help us design new services, improve our cash there are services;
so that we know more about how you can access and use our services, thus targeted to respond to your personalized needs such help service and indicate the language and location settings, personalized, or respond to other aspects of you and other users;
provide advertising more relevant to you to you to replace the ad generally served;
evaluate our service advertising and the effect of other promotional and marketing activities, and make improvements;
software certification or manage software upgrades;
< / p>
allows you to participate in relevant Investigate products and services. < / Span>
To give you a better experience, improve our services, or other purposes with your consent, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations next, we may pass information to a particular service collected, in order to bring together information or personal way, for our other services. For example, information collected when you use one of our services, could be used to provide you with specific content in another service, or to show you related to your non-universal push information. If we provide the appropriate options related services, you can also authorize us to provide this information and storage service for our other services.
How do you access and control their personal information
< span class = "c0"> we will try to take appropriate technical means to ensure that you can access, update and correct other personal information provided during their registration information or to use our services. At the time of access, update, correct and delete the previous information, we may ask you to authenticate to ensure account security.
How do we share your information
except in the following circumstances, without your consent, we and our affiliates will not share your personal information with any third party:
We and our affiliates may use your personal information with our affiliates, partners and third-party service providers, contractors and agents (such as e-mail sent on our behalf or push notifications communications service provider to provide location data to our map service provider) Share (they may not be located in the jurisdiction you are in), used for the following purposes:
o provide you with our services;
o implement & ldquo; how we might use the information & rdquo; the part of the purpose of ;
o obligations other agreements we have with you to achieve in this "Privacy policy" or in this game and exercise our rights;.
o appreciated that maintain and improve our service
If we or our affiliates to share your personal information with any of these third parties, we will work to ensure that such third parties to agree on the use of your personal information "Privacy Policy" and our compliance with the requirements of other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
With the continued development of our business, we and our affiliates have a possible merger, acquisition, transfer of assets or a similar transaction, your personal information may be used as part of such transactions are transferred. We will notify you prior to transfer.
we or our affiliates may also be reserved for the following needs, preservation or disclosure of your personal information:
o you authorize or agree to the game disclosure;
o comply with applicable laws and regulations;
o comply with a court order or other legal process;
o comply with the requirements of relevant government authorities;
o to comply with applicable laws and regulations, protect the public interest or the protection of our customers, we or our group companies, life and property safety of other users or employees or legitimate interests in reasonably necessary purpose;
o According to the terms of service for each game and a statement of the relevant provisions of this game or other circumstances it deems necessary.
& nbsp;
information security
we only keep you within the time period and the laws and regulations of the purpose of this "Privacy policy" essential requirements personal information.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to prevent information loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure or reading. For example, certain services, we will use encryption techniques (eg SSL) to protect the personal information you provide. But please understand that due to technical limitations and malicious means possible, even if we already try to strengthen security measures to ensure the security of information can not always one hundred percent. You need to understand that you access our systems and communications networks used by the service, it may be due to factors outside the controllable range and our problems.
& nbsp;
you share information
many of our services, not only allows you to network with your game, but also openly share information about you with all users of the service, for example, you upload or in our service information dissemination (including your personal information public, you create a list), you upload or publish the information to respond to others, as well as the location of these data include information on and log information. Use our service to other users also may share information about you (including location data and log information). In particular, our social media services, is designed to allow you to share information with users around the world and design, you can share information in real time, wide pass. As long as you do not delete the shared information, the information will always remain in the public domain; even if you delete the shared information, the information may still be copied or stored by other users or third parties independently cache beyond our control, or by other users or such escrow in the public domain.
So, please carefully consider our service to upload, publish and exchange of information content. In some cases, you can control the scope of the right to browser user share information through your privacy settings some of our services. As required to remove your information from our services, proceed by way of such special terms of service provided.
this game the user can choose whether to disclose the information. Some of the information is necessary for our services registered, but most of the other information provided is determined by the user. This game will depend on user comfort and to choose as the first.
This game provides users with countless interactive online activities, for the convenience of users to participate in interactive activities and get the interactive prizes, the game usually require applicants outside the contact information (address and telephone), but also to fill out a form based on their personal interests . Such information is used to present a game which the user data accumulated. If you do not want to provide information and participate in such activities as required, it is entirely at the discretion of the user.
& nbsp;
For information about updating the public special Note
this game encourage users to update and modify their personal information in order to make it effective. This game user can easily obtain and modify the