Babapaz Game Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
AvaGames built Babapaz app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by AvaGames at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Babapaz unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to information about installation of our apps on your device (like time, date, IP-address), Installation Apps Packages Names, your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI), if it is submitted by your device during installation, some information like e-mail address directly for the purpose of registering you in high scores system and your Advertising ID for advertising or analytics purposes. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
If you want to reset your Advertising ID, you can follow these instructions:
for Android devices:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
for iOS devices:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Deema Advertising Services
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at babapaz.avagames@gmail.com.
Deema Advertising SDK Privacy and Policy
Deema Advertising service respects the privacy of users. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes:
How we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data
How do we protect your data
This Privacy Policy applies to all Deema advertising SDKs, here. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version of SDK on Deema.agency.com . If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions, requests or concerns about data protection, please contact us with the information provided in the Contact Information of Data Controller section of this Policy.
Data we collect
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, or device model.
Your installed apps package names
General location data (eg. what country you are from)
Data to fight fraud (such as click fraud in advertising)
Why Do We Collect Your Data
To perform the service, we process data necessary to
Operate the Service
Provide you more relevant advertisement instead of random advertisement
Prevent from showing advertisements that you already have the product
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Service
Take action against fraudulent
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
Who Can See Your Data
Apart from Deema, your data can be accessed by Partners Working for Deema. Deema has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to Deema’s instructions to provide the Service, and fraud prevention. In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
How Do We Protect Your Data
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe user experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as you are using our service as needed to provide you the Service.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Contact Information of Data Controller
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, or if you want to delete your data, we encourage you to contact us.
Email : info@deema.agency