Fiveamp Privacy Policy
Fiveamp Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Fiveamp Pivacy Policy
Last Updated: October 9, 2020
Thank you for playing our games! This Privacy Policy details:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do
How we use your personal data
The choices you have about your personal data
This Privacy Policy applies to Fiveamp's games, websites and related services, which we here collectively call
        the
        Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on fiveamp.com. If we make any
        material
        changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your
        continued
        use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
The Data We Collect
Data you provide us.
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name and password
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages to the Service (such as player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
General location data
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data inside the Service
In most cases, we also create a Fiveamp-specific ID for you when you use the Service.
Data we collect from our partners.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
Why do we collect your data
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data
        to
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you Fiveamp offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including
        email)
        we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section 'Your rights and options'
        below.
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
Who can see your data
Apart from Fiveamp, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Partners working with Fiveamp.
Fiveamp has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to
        Fiveamp's
        instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud
        prevention.
Other companies and public authorities.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and
        provide
        it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property
        or
        safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game
        advertising. A
        list of these partners is available below, see 'Advertising and Analytics Partners'. These partners may access
        your
        data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn
        more
        about their data processing practices.
Your rights and options
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the
        instructions
        in such communications.
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your
        Android
        or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). For
        more
        information, see 'Advertising and Analytics Partners' below.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and
        restrict
        how we use or share your data.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use
        concern
        that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact us.
Cookies and similar technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize
        the
        Service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings,
        but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
How do we protect your data
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing
        administrative,
        technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse
        or
        alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will
        for
        example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our
        legitimate business
        interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Age limits
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to
        anyone
        under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do
        not
        send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No
        one
        under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about
        a
        child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any
        data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Advertising and Analytics Partners
Below you can find a list of Fiveamp's analytics and ad serving partners within our games and fiveamp.com.
        For more information about their privacy practices and opt-out possibilities regarding analytics and targeted
        advertising, please visit the links below. Please note that opt-out options are specific for each browser and device.
Partners:
Amplitude
Privacy Policy
AppLovin
Privacy Policy
Chartboost
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Privacy Policy
Google AdMob
Privacy Policy
Google Analytics
Privacy Policy
IronSource
Privacy Policy
PlayFab
Privacy Policy
Unity
Privacy Policy
Vungle
Privacy Policy
Contact us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your
        personal data,
        we encourage you to primarily contact us through the game so we can reply to you more quickly.
Back to
Fiveamp.com
Fiveamp Â© 2014-