PRIVACY
POLICY
Our Game ("OG")
is committed to protecting the privacy of its users ("users" or
"you"). This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you about how OG
manages, collects, stores, uses and protects the information you provide in
connection with any OG game or application ("Service"). Also, this
Privacy Policy describes how you can access and update that information. Please
note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to the information
collected by OG through your use of a Service. By using the Service, you agree
to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this
Privacy Policy. OG may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time, and OG
encourages you to consult the Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Information
Collected
OG's primary objective
in collecting user information is to provide and enhance its Services and to
enable users to enjoy its Services. When you install any of its Services, OG
may collect and record the information you provide to OG, whether through the
Services themselves or through social networks or other third party services
("Account Information"). We may collect information about you
directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your
use of our Site, Applications or Services. Information We Collect Directly From
You and As You Play Our Games and Information We Collect About You From
Facebook, or Google or other platform. When you log into our mobile application
through your relevant account, you will be asked to enter your relevant email
address and password. Facebook or Google controls the information collected
from you during the log-in process; OG does not control the information that
Facebook or Google collects from you. When you use any of our Applications
(whether our mobile application or if you access our Facebook or Google
application), we will collect the following information: (i) access and collect
your Facebook or Google basic information (this includes your name, profile
picture, gender, networks, user IDs, list of friends, date of birth, email
address, and any other information you have you have set to public on your
Facebook or Google account); (ii) send you email; (iii) post to your Wall; (iv)
access posts in your news feed; and (v) access your Facebook or Google data at
any time even if you are not using Facebook or Google. Please note, if you
allow OG to have access to this information, then OG will have access to this
information even if you have chosen not to make that information public. For
information about how Facebook or Google or other platform may disclose your
information, including any information you make public, please consult the
Facebook or Google or other platform Privacy Policy. We have no control over
how Facebook or Google or other platform uses or discloses the personal
information you provide to it. We store the information that we receive from
Facebook or Google, or other platform along with other information that we
collect from you or receive about you. Information We Collect Automatically.
Cookies Like many websites, OG may use "cookies" to collect
information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your
computer's hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes. The
Service may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses
or views a Service. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal
information for purposes such as improving the quality of OG' service,
tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Service easier to use.
Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies on your
browser. Cookies can be disabled at any time by changing your web browser's
options to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie
from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not
be able to use all portions or functionalities of a Service.
OG
PROVIDES INFORMATION ON DIFFERENT TYPES OF COOKIES
Personal
Information
"
Personal information" means information about
you that can be used to contact or identify you. The personal information types
collected in accordance with a Service may vary depending on the activity and
may include:
Your name;
Your social network or
third party service user identification number;
Your mobile device's
unique identifier (UDID);
Transaction identifiers
for purchases;
Your email address;
Your profile picture;
or
Any other relevant information
included in your application, social network or other online profile.
Additionally, OG may acquire information from you through:
Your access and
participation in message boards on a Service;
The contents of your
Customer Support requests; or
Your purchase of a
virtual product of any type. Please note that because a third party site
manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Service, OG does not have
access to your credit card details or any other billing information.
Non-Personal Information
"
Non-personal information" is information that,
when taken alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. OG may collect
non-personal information about your use of its Service both in the course of
game play and software usage. OG may also invite you to share non-personal
information about yourself, which may include but is not limited to:
Your age or date of
birth;
Your gender;
Information about the
hardware you may own;
Your favorite websites,
friend information and fan pages; or
Any other information
included in your application, social network or other online profile.
If non-Personal
Information is collected for an activity that also requires personal
information, OG may combine your non-personal information with your personal
information in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to
improve the value and quality of the Services and to analyze how its Services
are used. The Service may also record game play information such as your game
session duration or your high scores. In addition to information collected as
described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself
throughout the Service, such as on message boards and in games. Any actions you
perform with other players are considered public, and are solely at your
discretion. Other information OG may collect includes your occupation,
language, zip code, area code, location, and the time zone where a Service is
used, as well as information about your computer, mobile device, software,
platform, incident data, Internet Protocol (IP) address, network Media Access
Control (MAC) address and connection, browser type, browser language, referring
pages, exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages,
pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on
particular pages, and the date and time of this activity, so that OG can better
understand customer behavior and improve its products, services, and advertising.
OG may also receive either non-personal or public information from third
parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or data that OG
may use to supplement personal information provided directly by you.
USE
OF YOUR INFORMATION
How OG Uses Your
Information
OG uses your
information to fulfill your specific requests, purchase orders and to send you
purchase confirmation and other account-related information. In addition, the
personal information you provide will allow OG to send you messages regarding,
among other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers,
upgrade opportunities, contests and events of interest. You may also later opt
out of certain of these communications. OG may also use personal and non-personal
information, both individually and combined together, to better understand the
behavior and preferences of its customers, to troubleshoot technical problems,
to serve static and dynamic advertising, to enforce its Terms of Service, to
ensure proper functioning of its products and services as well as to help
improve Services and their content. In addition, OG may combine non-personal
information with personal information, such as an email address, to administer
loyalty programs, tailor its offerings, web pages or game play experience to
you. By use of friend finder tools whether directly through the Service or
through a social network or gaming service, you acknowledge that use of these
friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your
contacts to associate your Service account (and related gaming entitlements,
including games played, spins and coins) with your social networking profile
and/or email address. Your resulting friends' list will be subject to this
privacy policy. If you choose to use a referral service to "tell a
friend" about a Service, OG may ask you for your friend's name and email
address. OG will send your friend an email on your behalf or a text message
inviting him or her to visit the relevant site or check out the Service. OG
stores your friend's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of
sending this email and for redundancy checking, to be sure that your friend
does not receive multiple copies of the same email message. OG does not keep or
use this information for any other purpose. If you enter into a sweepstake,
contest, or similar promotion, OG may use the information you provide to
administer those programs. Your participation in tournaments or other online
gaming events is conditional upon you granting OG permission to collect, use,
store, transmit and publicly display statistical data, such as your scores,
rankings and achievements, generated through your participation. In all cases
of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be
disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed
to unaffiliated third parties and will be used solely for the purpose of
providing you with and improving the Service and for any other purpose stated
herein. OG will retain your information for as long as your account is active
or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or
request that OG no longer use your information contact OG at the email address
provided in the Contact Us section below. Note that there may be instances
where OG is legally required to retain your information.
Access
through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices
By accessing the
Service through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform
or service or by connecting to such a third party network, platform or service
via a Service, you are authorizing OG to collect, store, and use in accordance
with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed that the
social network, mobile device or other third party platform could provide to OG
through the social network/mobile device/third party platform Application
Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on the third party social
network, mobile device or platform. Your agreement takes place when you connect
with the third party network, platform or service via the Service, and/or when
you connect with a Service, or "accept" or "allow" (or similar terms) a Service
to access your information through a social network, mobile device or other
third party platform or service. OG may also collect or receive information
about you from other Service users who choose to upload their email contacts.
This information will be stored by OG and used primarily to help you and your
friends connect. If you play OG's games on your mobile device, in addition to
your device identifiers, we may also collect:
the name you have
associated with your device;
your telephone number;
your country;
your specific
geolocation;
your mobile contacts;
information about OG
and other third-party apps you have on your device.
If you want to remove
your contacts stored by us, follow the instructions provided in the game to
request that we remove them from our systems. If you need to enter a password
to allow us to access your address book, we will not store that password.
Third
Party Service Providers
OG may employ third
party companies and individuals to facilitate its Services, to provide the
Services on its behalf, to perform tasks (e.g., without limitation, maintenance
services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services)
or to assist OG in analyzing how its Services are used. From time to time, OG
employs third party contractors to collect personal information on its behalf
to provide email delivery, product, prize or promotional fulfillment, contest
administration, credit card processing or other services through the Service.
When requesting these services, you may be asked to supply your name, mailing
address, telephone number and email address to its contractors. OG may ask some
third party contractors, such as credit agencies, data analytics or market
research firms, to supplement personal information that you provide to OG for
its own marketing and demographic studies, so that OG can consistently improve
its sites and related advertising to better meet its visitors' needs and
preferences. To enrich its understanding of individual customers, OG may tie
this information to the information you provide to it. If you access our
Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a
third-party application, you should also read that third-party application's
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Message
Boards and Chat Rooms
Note that certain
information you post and communicate through a Service or a third party site or
service is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy. You
may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing
user generated content to OG sites or Services or in its chat rooms, blogs,
message boards, user "profiles" for public view or in similar forums on its
sites through mobile services and/or through third party sites or services.
Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and
there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. You should be aware that
any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these
public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these
forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Please see OG's
Terms of Service or the Application End User License Agreement at Terms of
Service (as applicable) on this point and for other guidelines about posting
content through any Service.
Information You
Generate Using Our Communication Channels
Except for games
designed for children under 13, you may be able to take part in certain
activities on our Service that let you communicate or share information not
just with OG, but also with other OG's players. These include:
participating in player
forums and message boards;
posting public comments
to other players' profiles or gameboards;
sending private
messages or invitations to other players, either directly on our websites or to
their e-mail accounts;
chatting with other
players;
You acknowledge and
expressly agree that we may access in real-time, record, remove and/or store
archives of these communications, comments, photos and drawings on OG's servers
to make use of them to protect the safety and well-being of our players and OG's
rights and property in connection with OG's Services; to conduct research; to
operate, improve, personalize and optimize our Services and our players'
experiences, including through the use of analytics; and to manage and deliver
contextual advertising.
Browser
Use
Note that in the
ordinary course of Internet activity, certain information may be sent from your
browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies. OG
has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or
other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings
prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share.
Disclosure
of Your Personal Information
You understand and
agree that OG may be required to disclose any personal information if required
to do so by law or in the belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary
to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including, but not limited to
a subpoena, statute, search warrant, or court order, or to protect the property
and rights of OG or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any
person, or to prevent or stop activity OG may consider to be, or to pose a risk
of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable. Note that OG is not
required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or
other similar governmental request that it may receive.
OG may also disclose
information about you if it determines that such disclosure is reasonably necessary
to enforce the terms and conditions of the Service or to protect its operations
or users. We will share your information with third party companies to perform
services on our behalf, like processing payments, analyzing data, optimizing
game play, e-mail delivery, hosting services, customer service and to help us
in our marketing efforts, including managing and delivering contextual and
tailored advertisements. We contractually require these third party service
providers to maintain the confidentiality of the information we share with
them, and we contractually require them not use your information for anything
other than to provide services on our behalf.
Additionally, OG may
sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your
Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization
or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. In the event that OG undergoes
a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale
of all or part its assets (like selling a game), we may transfer all of your
information, including personal information, to the successor organization in
the transition. We will make reasonable efforts to let you and other players
know of the business transition before transferring your personal information.
In addition, we will
share your information (which may include personal information) with third
parties or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services in
the following circumstances:
Your Consent
With your written
consent, we may share your information with third parties or allow them to
collect your information from our Services in some ways not specifically
described in this Privacy Policy.
Friends and Other
Players
The Service supports
and often encourages you to interact with other players. If you play through a
social network or register through a social network, your social network
friends will see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your game
activity. Similarly, other players, regardless of whether they are your social
network friends or not, will be able to see descriptions of your game activity,
communicate with you within our Services, and view your game profile, which may
include your name or a "game name" and your profile photo. Other players may
also be able to send you game requests or even friend requests.
Third
Party Advertising Including Tailored Advertising and Analytics
We do not actively
share personal information with third party advertisers for their direct
marketing purposes unless you give us your consent. When advertisers or ad
networks place ads in our Services, they may collect or we may share the
following types of information from within our Services:
performance data (e.g.
number of clicks on an advertisement);
information about you
and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify
you (like players between the ages of 25 and 30 living in Los Angeles);
certain technical
information (for example, IP addresses);
your social network ID;
and other contextual
data about your game play (for instance, your level).
The information
collected may be used to:
offer targeted
advertising (behavioral advertising), and/or
undertake web
analytics.
Advertisers or ad
networks may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies
like browser cookies and web beacons, and they may use a single tracking
technology or multiple tracking technologies at the same time. Please note,
after clicking on a third party advertisement, you may no longer be on a site
hosted by OG or the social network through which you are playing OG's games. If
you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third
parties, please see section Changing or Deleting Your Information of Privacy
Policy.
Links
The Service may contain
links to other websites or applications. The fact that the Service links to a
website or application or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement
does not mean that OG endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a
representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link
to a third party site or application, including on an advertisement, you will
leave the OG site you are visiting or application you are running and will go
to the site or application linked to. These third party websites and
applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or
mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal information from you.
Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or
disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. Because OG cannot
control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for
any use of your personal information by such third parties, and it cannot
guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as OG.
You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of
other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal information.
Changing
or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update,
correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable
information in your profile page. If you completely delete all of this
information, your account may be deactivated. If you would like OG to delete
your record in its system, please contact OG and it will attempt to accommodate
your request if it is not legally obligated to retain the record. If you have
granted OG access to your Account Information through a Service, you may
request that OG delete your Account Information by following the directions
available at http://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy or under other links
of each platform accordingly. You can request the deletion of your Account
Information by dissociating or removing the OG application from your social
network or third party service account in accordance with the instructions
provided by the social network or third party service.
Security
OG has made reasonable
technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal
information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration
or disclosure. However, OG cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties
will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information
for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are
not considered secure, so OG discourages you from sending OG personal
information through these media.
International
Operations and Transfers Out of the EEA
IMPORTANT
: When you use Our Services, your data may be
sent to the United States and possibly other countries.
If you don't live in
the United States, OG will control your personal data. As part of our
international operations, we may transfer data to our Affiliates (which means
subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities
under common ownership with OG Limited from time to time for our legitimate
business purposes. For example, OG Limited provides certain services to its
Affiliates. We store information about players and visitors to its sites on
servers located in the United States, and we may also store this information on
servers and equipment in other countries. Personal data collected within the
European Economic Area ("EEA") may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination
outside of the EEA. The data we hold may also be processed by employees
operating outside of the EEA who work for us or one of our Affiliates or for
one of our vendors. This staff may be engaged in, among other things, (i) the
processing of transactions and your payment details and (ii) the provision of
support services. When we transfer your personal information internationally we
will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is treated
securely, lawfully and in the manner we describe here. Please note that laws
vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and so the privacy laws applicable to
the places where your information is transferred to or stored, used or
processed in, may be different from the privacy laws applicable to the place
where you are resident.
Policy Regarding
Persons Under 21
This product is
intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only. Without
derogating from the foregoing, OG does not knowingly collect personal
information from people under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you may not
register for an account or provide any personal information to us. OG respects
the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with in the
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). If a parent
believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to OG, he or
she can contact us via email bhomeservice@163.com. If OG learns that a person
under the age of 13 has provided it with personal information, OG will take
steps to delete such information as soon as possible. We recognize the
importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to
check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.
Payments
For OG's policy
regarding the purchase of "coins" or other virtual currency, please see OG's
Terms of Service.
Contacting
Us
If you have any
questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices,
please send an e-mail to bhomeservice@163.com