Backpuff Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Backpuff games Privacy Policy
Backpuff Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
April 26, 2019
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not collect Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax and other device numbers, social security numbers, calendar entries stored within your Device, contact entries stored within your Device, files, content, photographs, location information and other metadata in photographs and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Services, and/or the Site which identifies you or another person. Personal Information also includes information about you or others that may be accessed by our system directly from your Device, including from your address book, location, photos or contacts folder, in order to enable certain features of an Application or the Services, such as the feature that finds and suggests mutual friends and other individuals who you may know. Unless you have elected to opt-out of providing your geographic location information, the Applications may use and store information related to the geographic location of your device and combine this information with other Personal Information to provide certain services, whether or not the Application is active.
In-App Purchases
If you purchases any virtual goods from this game that purchases would be available to only this app. You have to purchase any goods again if you Uninstall or Removed app data.
SECURITY
We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information or is impenetrable.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements. If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that websites or service, and not to this Privacy Policy. We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information. Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service.
OUR POLICY TOWARD CHILDREN UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
The Services are not directed to children under 13 years of age. If you become aware that your child under 13 has provided us with personal information without your consent. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. By using any Application, the Services or the Site, you are representing to us that you are not under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years of age, you are not authorized to use any of the Applications and must immediately delete it from your User Devices. We recommend that minors, who are 13 years old but under 18 years old, ask their parents or legal guardians for permission before sending any information about themselves to us or anyone else, whether by using an Application, the Services or the Site.
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Unknown
April 15, 2020 at 11:36 PM
Gracias viejón por el consejo de la logística
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
Modern Sniper Assassin 3D - Elite Sniper Shooting Games 2019 - Android G...
April 27, 2019
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
BackPuff Games
Visit profile
Archive
April 2019
2
Report Abuse