Games Moon Studios
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Games Moon Studios
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Privacy Policy
We respect your preferences concerning the treatment of Information that we may collect. This Privacy Policy explains what kind of information we collect, use, share and the security of your information in relation to our mobile applications (“Applications” or “Apps”) and mobile services (“Services”). Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.
BY INSTALLING THE APPS ON YOUR MOBILE DEVICE, ENTERING INTO, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE APPS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING TO THE POSSIBLE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR INFORMATION AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ON YOUR DEVICE. PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU OR, AS APPLICABLE, YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN, DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL, ACCESS AND/OR USE THE APPS AND YOU ARE REQUESTED TO PROMPTLY ERASE THEM, AND ANY PART THEREOF, FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
What information we collect
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with a safe, efficient and customized experience and to provide you with Services and features that better meet your needs or requests.
1. Personal Information
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you. “Personal Information” means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, etc.
2. Non-Personal Information
We collect non-personal information about your use of our Apps and aggregated information regarding the usages of the Apps. “Non-Personal Information” means information that is of an anonymous nature, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Applications.
How we use your information we collect
1. Personal Information.
We do NOT collect and use Personal Information in any way.
2. Non-personal Information.
We do not collect any information from users of our iOS apps. In our android apps we may collect non-personal information through Firebase SDK. We collect Non-personal information (such as: non personally identifiable app usage data and your device ID) in order to: 1. track unidentifiable usage statistics and use these analytics to improve quality of our apps and games and 2. To find if new user is acquired from our advertisements. We do not share, sell or rent any information personal or non-personal to any third parties.
Generally non-personal information is used internally to monitor and improve the Services, to perform analyses of the behavior of our users, to measure user demographics and interests, to describe our services to third parties such as advertisers and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
Links to third-party websites and services
The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements. If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that websites or service, and not to this Privacy Policy. We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information. Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service. You agree that we will have no liability for any matters relating to a third-party website or service that you provide information to, including their collection and handling of that information.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at:
https://gamesmoonstudios.blogspot.com/p/privacy-policy.html
Your continued use of the Apps and Services following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Apps, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
gamesmoonstudios@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Anonymous
April 13, 2021 at 4:25 PM
Wow
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Unknown
September 7, 2021 at 9:15 AM
Sahanasahanajayama@gmall com
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Popular posts from this blog
Save The Fish - Arrow Pusher
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gamesmoonstudios.savethefisharrowpusher  Experience the Extra ordinary Physics, logical and Fun Game with Pot Bow Quiver. Unique Free Archery game for save the fish, which is new trendy in the gaming world! In this archery game, you must save tiny fishes from huge aquatic creatures by your Bow Quiver and arrows. New Generation lovable archery game for you, Based on the most ancient pot quiver with auto bow mechanism. Stay in and play the most creative and satisfying simple game. Feel the gratification by save the fish, it’s all about funny, crossing difficult hurdles and saving the fish from killer ocean creature’s way using your sharp arrows and brain. Use smart brain tips of yours and let’s get to chase challenges! • Over 30 unique and engaging levels • Chance to upgrade to higher levels • Striking visual elements and sea creatures • Real world Sound beats Join our community and keep up-to date with all news about updates and new rele
Read more
Coro Monster Shooter 3D 2020 --- The Top Monster Game
Down Load Here  :    https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.msdgames.monstershooter3d Clutch the gun; aim the Coro devil villain gang in shooting games with gun- shoot to smash The Coro villain gangs in this new game 2020. Shoot the Coro Villain! Be an Impossible Achiever. Coro monster shooting game 2020 is striving game gives best shooting games experience and adventure. Shooting the world targets the Coro Villain Gang in this free game, It boosts your zeal of 3d gun shooting games 2020. Want to be a Pro and achiever shooter of shooting games? Play this shooting new game for free and be a real gun shooter of smash hit Target “Coro who is villain and its gang”. Gun shooting games will teach you how to clutch a gun and shoot the target. This Coro Monster shooting free game has many Thrilling Challenges to judge shooting games Expertise. Have fun and wonderful excitement with smashing the Coro devil and its gang in 3d shooting fun game. Coro monster shooter 3D Shooter Free Gam
Read more
GAMESMOONSTUDIOS.COM
Please Visit us at                                                                  GAMESMOONSTUDIOS.COM
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Games Moon Studios
Visit profile
Archive
September 2020
3
August 2020
1
Labels
Save The Fish - Arrow Pusher
Report Abuse