PRIVACY POLICY
We at Gamezeniq take the protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly abide by the regulations of the world data protection act. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The following declaration gives you an overview on how this protection is guaranteed and which kind of data is collected for which purposes.
What information do we collect:
Our primary goals in collecting and using information are to provide and improve the Service.
We may collect the following information, we will always try and ask for the minimum amount of data to give you a good experience.
-Device information
-E-Mail address
-First & Last Name
Other than names, email addresses and device information provided at your discretion, we don’t generally collect any “Personal Information” about our users (such as social security number, street address, driver’s license number, etc.), exception being for billing and payments.
Payment Information
If you make a purchase in our Services, such as a license to use in-app virtual currency or virtual items in an app you play, our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information to process your charges. Gamezeniq does not collect or store your financial information. However, Gamezeniq 's payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like transaction information, transaction ID, the items purchased and value in order to fulfil your order.
Does the application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. if Gamezeniq
is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you.
How do we use the information we receive:
We do not sell or rent your “Personally Identifiable Information” to any third party. We use your information to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyse and evaluate how the Service is used. We may also use your information to serve you specifically, e.g., by delivering advertisements to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
We will collect information
to provide technical support and respond to player inquiries and to prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities.
With your consent we may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide updates and relevant messages. We may also send local notifications to your mobile device. You can turn off notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” page.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws. For instance, we may retain some information for a few years after you have closed your account with us if this is necessary to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend or establish legal rights.
User can remove any data which is saved in mobile local storage by clearing app data or by uninstalling the app.
Privacy Policies of Linked Third Party Services and Advertisers
Our websites and apps may contain advertisements from third parties, which are companies other than Gamezeniq that may link to their own websites, online services or mobile applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third parties, and the collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of those third parties. If you have any questions about how these third parties use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Please see the links below to learn more about the data practices of the third-party advertising partners that we use or may use:
AdColony
Anzu.io
Applovin
Chartboost
Facebook Audience Network
Fyber
Google Admob
InMobi
IronSource
Mintegral
MoPub
Smaato
Tapjoy
Tik Tok (ByteDance)
UnityAds
Vungle
Links to Other Sites:
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Some of our online Services use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Services, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser or device’s settings, but some parts of the Services may then not function properly.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Notice
At this time, there is no general agreement on how companies like Gamezeniq should interpret Do Not Track signals. Gamezeniq does not currently respond to Do Not Track signals, whether that signal is received on a computer or on a mobile device.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
Children’s Privacy:
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
we may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
Gamezeniq@gmail.com