Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
In order to ensure that your personal information is absolutely safe and not to be harassed by everyone, we have released this Privacy Policy.
We would like to introduce this policy as follows:
This is a policy that describes the processing of information provided or collected on websites - where this privacy policy is posted. If you want to learn more about using the application, we will explain to you: the processing of information provided or collected on the applications we provide - they appear on the third party website or platform. We guarantee that we always follow this privacy policy and follow local laws where we operate.
1. Types of Information We Collect
This privacy policy ("Policy") provides a lot of important information about Great Games ("we" or "our") for you.
User information will be collected through mobile applications and information usage. You should agree to this policy in order to access and use the Great Games ("Products") applications and other related services ("Services").
. Personal and non-personal information.We take great care and respect your personal information and, more importantly, information regarding children under the age of 13. We do not want user information to leak out, so we never collect or require users to enter personal information when using our products. The personal information of children will also be very safe because we do not collect.
Does not require users to enter personal information but we can still see your non-personal information when you use our Products.
We can read information such as: internet, Wi-Fi availability, network connection, wake lock, device status, availability of internal and external memory to use the Service and improve product development. You have complete peace of mind, all we do is for one goal: to develop and improve the functionality of our Products to ensure a quality user experience. We only collect such information to the extent permitted.
All information we collect through your use of the product will always be kept confidential, we will only transmit and use it internally for a purpose of product development and giving third parties perform services on our behalf - who comply with our Privacy Policy. We will certainly keep your information private, not to publicly disclosed unless we get your consent or follow government orders.
.COPPAChildren are the players that need to be the most concerned, so we always guarantee every child's personal information.
We are always in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. We will not collect, store or use and will delete all personal information of children in the safest way if the user identifies himself as a child under 13 years of age. Users can identify themselves as children through support requests or any feedback. We are always watching and supporting you all the time.
.Submitting personal information for prizes and customer support.From time to time, we may send a letter to your email address to introduce the rules of our contests or surveys on our website at www.gobeangames.com. We will not arbitrarily send letters if you have not agreed to participate.
If you agree to participate and agree to receive prizes for the event you have participated in, you will certainly receive an email from us.
For competitions and surveys, if children participate, we usually only ask for the most necessary information. We only contact parents for more personal information when the child wins the competition or completes the survey so we can complete the award procedure.
If you need any help, please email us immediately or contact us on our website. We allow users to contact us and we will solve the problems that users encounter in the most satisfactory way. If you send us an email, be sure to provide all the information regarding the issue you need to support, of course, we have your email address as soon as we receive the mail.
2. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will regularly check and change this privacy policy to comply with applicable laws, new technologies, industry practices, new regulatory requirements or also for other purposes. You will receive a notice from us if there is a significant change and as required by applicable law, we will certainly receive your consent.
3. Comments and Questions
If you have comments or questions about this privacy policy, please contact email Binhbuihoang6994@gmail.com
.
We encourage you to know that you will be collected information when leaving our website or application and read the privacy policies of other websites.
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan