bendev soft.
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
bendev soft.
Privacy Policy
This page informs you of our privacy policy regarding our games (Ronda, Ronda-Carta Makla, Hez2 - Card game, Gleb Carta, Flappy Switch Color).
Use of information
Our games may collect anonymous, non-personally identifiable information for statistics, analytics and social gaming, such as time spent in game.
Our games may save small data in your device preferences to provide a better user experience. To learn how to delete these data form your device please refer to the device manual and/or privacy policy of your device.
What information do our trusted business partners collect?
As defined in the Play Store our games are ad supported, so non-personally identifiable information (for example your device model, or your country/continent level location) may be collected by our trusted business partners (such as Google) so that they can serve the ads you see.
Also, our games are using the social gaming features (such as leaderboards and multiplayer mode) our trusted partners may collect information they need to provide the services they offer. This information is non-personally identifiable.
For our games, we are now using the services :
- Google Analytics (
privacy policy
)
- Google Firebase (
privacy policy
)
- Google AdMob (
privacy policy
)
- Yodo1 Gaming Services (
privacy policy
)
Sharing your personal information
We do not rent, trade, or sell your personal information with any third parties.
Analytics and Advertising
We use Google products like Google AdMob, Google Firebase, and Google Analytics, services provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), and also a Yodo1 API for showing Ads.
Google Analytics/Firebase Analytics is used to collect information about how many people install and use it, the events that occur within the application, performance data and where the application was downloaded from. These analytics data are used to better understand the functionality of our games and then to improve it. The collected information is neither personally identifiable nor contains personal information.
Our games may show ads. The service used for Ads is provided by Yodo1. This service may collect a unique advertising identifier from your device and eventually your age (that you will be asked for).
You can read related Google policies at
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
and Yodo1 policies at
https://www.yodo1.com/en/privacy/
Chat service
Some of our games are using the "chat service" between connected users and during the gameplay, this service use the Google Firebase to send and receive messages, these text Messages are not stored.
Permissions
- Wifi Connection:
this permission is used to see the availibility of a Wifi Connection and -for some games- to start a multiplayer mode through local IP Address.
- Bluetooth access:
this permission is used to start a multiplayer mode through Bluetooth.
- network access:
This permission is required to access the internet.
- Phone_state and External_Storage:
These permissions are used by a third API (Yodo1)
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time, at our sole discretion. If we decide to change anything in this document, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This privacy policy was last modified on 14 June 2020.
Your acceptance of this policy
Your access and use of our apps indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Apps following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact
Have questions or concerns ? Contact us at
bendevsoft@gmail.com
.
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse