Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Search This Blog
Andex Mobile
Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
March 12, 2021
PRIVACY POLICY
Andex Mobile and its websites, games and other applications ("we," "our" or "us") believe that your privacy
is very important. This Policy outlines the types of personally identifiable information and other data that
we will collect from you through the various websites, games, and applications we provide ("Websites/Apps"), and
how we will use and when we might disclose such information and data to third parties. Your installation and/or
use of these Websites/Apps and/or submission of information to us constitute your consent to this Privacy Policy.
By accepting this Privacy Policy user agrees that his non-personal Data such as user device information, user identifiers,
information about advertisements served, viewed or clicked or other user interactions with advertisements (e.g.,
conversion information), information about user applications, network information, and header information may
be collected and processed by:
•
Unity Technologies Finland Oy (hereinafter – “Unity”), a company with its registered office at: Kaivokatu 8B,
00100, Helsinki, Finland. Unity’s Privacy Policy that regulates the use of such Data by Unity available via
following link:
https://unity3d.com/ru/legal/privacy-policy..
•
Google LLC ("Google"), the company and / or its subsidiaries, with its registered office at 1600 Amphitheater
Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google's Privacy Policy, which governs the use of Google such data,
is available at the following link:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
•
Appodeal, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its registered office at: 350 Alabama St #10, San Francisco, CA 94110,
USA. Appodeal's that regulates the use of Data by Appodeal available via the following link:
https://www.appodeal.com/privacy-policy
•
AdMob, app monetization platform by Google LLC ("Google").
There are two types of information we may collect through your use of the Websites/Apps:
•
"Personal Information" which is the type of information that can specifically be linked to you personally, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, location, credit card information and, in some cases, user names;
•
And Non-personal "Usage Data" which is anonymous data about your use of the Websites/Apps that is tied to your computer and/or device through which you use the Websites/Apps.
Personal Information and Usage Data That We Collect and How We Collect It
•
If you choose to open an account with us, we may collect your name, email address, physical address, and/or phone number.
•
If you choose to connect to one of our Websites/Apps through a third-party social network such as Facebook or Game Center,
we may collect Personal Information from your profile on such third-party social networks, such as your name,
username, and photograph.
•
If you choose to make a purchase through our Websites/Apps, we will collect your credit card information and other billing
information.
•
If you choose to make use of any public forum, comment section, or chat function, we may collect any Personal Information
you may disclose through such means.
•
If you choose to send a message to another user or defined group of users through our message, chat, post or other in-game function, we may collect any Personal Information you may disclose through such means, as well as the necessary Personal Information of the user(s) you are contacting, in order to facilitate the communication (Note: we
will never collect any information sent outside of the functionality of our Websites/Apps, including through
emails or text messages).
•
If you choose to enable push notifications, we may use your Personal Information, or non-personal information such as a device ID, in order to send push notifications to your device.
•
If you choose to submit your Personal Information to us for any other reason in any other form, we will collect such Personal Information and use it for the purposes for which you submitted it.
We may collect the following Usage Data when you make use of the Websites/Apps: your computer's IP address, your mobile phone's unique device ID or other persistent identifiers, geolocation information, your device's software platform and firmware, the type of browser you use, the date and time of your use of our Websites/Apps, the actions you take within the Websites/Apps, your game progress, play time, score and achievements, and the URLs you visited and/or apps you used before and after using our Websites/Apps.
We will not collect any Personal Information from you simply by virtue of your visiting our Website; we only collect it if you choose to submit it to us. You represent and warrant that all Personal Information you provide us is true and correct and relates to you and not to any other person.
Use of the Personal Information and Usage Data That We Collect
We will use your Personal Information to provide you with any goods, services, or functionality you've requested
or respond to any inquiries you've made. We may also use your Personal Information in order to contact you to
promote our Websites/Apps, contests and any specials we may offer. In the event that we send you advertising
or marketing materials, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such materials in the
future. You may also opt-out of receiving such materials at any time in accordance with the instructions provided
in this Privacy Policy.
Usage Data may be used by us for administrative, analytical, research, optimization, security, and other purposes.
Specifically, we may use your Usage Data to help us learn more about your gaming activities, personalize your
content, compile statistics, respond to customer service inquiries, provide security and to otherwise enhance
your gaming experience. Usage Data may also be used to help us provide you with advertising that better suits your
interests. Geolocation information will be used to determine the jurisdiction in which you're located so we can
determine what set of laws apply to you. Your device ID may be used so we can send you push notifications (if
you choose to allow that function) and track your use of our Websites/Apps so that we can better understand your preferences and tendencies which will help us best personalize your experience and provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailored to you.
Cookies
In connection with the foregoing collection of Personal Information and Usage Data, we may also use cookies (tiny text files that are stored on your computer's hard drive when you visit certain web pages that identify your
computer and may store information about you) and other technologies to learn more about your preferences on
our Websites/Apps, so that we can improve our services and our Websites/Apps. From this, we may learn what web pages you visit and which various Websites/Apps features are used. The foregoing Usage Data and cookies will not reveal your identity or be linked to you personally.
Disclosure of the Personal Information and Usage Data That We Collect
We will not sell, rent or transfer your Personal Information to third parties, except as otherwise indicated herein.
We will not store your credit card information. In order to process credit card payments, we will use the service
of a secure, third-party credit card processor.
We use the services of third parties who will have limited access to your Personal Information to be used for specific purposes. These purposes may include credit card processing, prize delivery, marketing assistance, customer service, and data analysis. The third parties we contract with for these purposes will be authorized to use your Personal Information only for the purposes for which the party was engaged. In addition, Usage Data in aggregated, the anonymous form may be shared with third parties who assist us with our internal operations such as administration, analytics, research, and optimization.
We may disclose your Personal Information or other information collected if required by law or court order, if
the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, to investigate and/or take action against illegal
activity, suspected abuse or unauthorized use of the Websites/Apps, or to protect the property or safety of others.
In connection with any sale of our company or any line of business (including the assets relating thereto), customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets, and such customer information (including your Personal Information) will be transferred or sold to the acquirer in the event of any such sale or disposition of any or all of our business.
Credit Card Transactions
If you choose to purchase a product from our Websites/Apps, you represent and warrant that all credit card information you provide will be accurate and correct and that you are authorized to use such credit card. In no event will you provide us with any false or fraudulent information.
Your Rights
We ask that you keep the Personal Information that you provide to us current and that you correct any information you have provided us by contacting us.
If you wish to opt out of further communications from us, or if you wish to review, delete and/or revise the Personal Information we have stored about you, please contact us with your specific request; provided, however, that we reserve the right to retain an archive of such Personal Information for a commercially reasonable time to ensure that its deletion does not affect the integrity of our data and we further reserve the right to retain an anonymous version of such information.
If you wish to opt out of push notifications, select the Settings tab for the applicable Website/App, and follow the necessary prompts to opt out of further push notifications.
You can decline to permit cookies in your browser, but in that case, we cannot promise you that all Website/App
features will function properly as a result.
If you use the Websites/Apps, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and for restricting access to your computer or device, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account.
Partnerships and External Sources
Our Websites/Apps may link to external sites beyond our control. This privacy policy covers only the way we treat the Personal Information and Usage Data we collect on our Websites/Apps. By accessing any external sites, you are agreeing to the privacy policies of those sites. Please understand that the external sites may have different policies with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information. We have no control over and are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties. Therefore, you are encouraged to review the privacy policies of all third-party Websites/Apps. Without limiting anything in the following section, we are not liable in any way for the actions, inactions or policies of any external websites/Apps.
Children. Age restrictions
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the age of 13.
If you are under 13, do not send us any information about yourself, including your name, address, phone number
or email address.
Persons under 13 years of age are not allowed to provide any personal information.
If we become aware that we have collected personal data from persons under the age of 13, we will delete such data as soon as possible.
Users aged 13-17 are recommended, with the permission of their parents, to read our Privacy Policy and contact
us if they wish to receive additional information about the guarantee of the confidentiality of personal data.
Users under the age of 18 are not allowed to use paid services provided through the Internet, without the permission of the parents or legal guardians. We urge parents and guardians to be vigilant in order to prevent all persons under the age of 18 from accessing products and Services that are not age-appropriate.
Age restrictions may vary depending on the country in which the user resides. Please read the list below:
•
Australian Classification Board (ACB) (Australia) - 15
•
Classificação Indicativa (classind) (Brazil) - 12
•
Entertainment Software Board (ESRB) (North America) - T 13
•
Pan-European Game Information (PEGI) (Europe) - 12
•
Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle (USK) (Germany) - 12
•
IARC Generic (Other countries) - 12
•
Google Play (The Republic of Korea) - 12
If you think that we possess any information about a child or received from a child younger than the age specified above, please contact us. If we find that we have collected personal information about a child younger than the age specified above, we will remove this information as soon as possible.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, including the exercise of any of your rights,
you need to contact us by email: andexukr@gmail.com
Changes
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, such policy will be re-posted in the "Privacy" section of our Websites/Apps with the date such modifications were made indicated on the top of the page. Therefore, please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware when any changes are made to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Websites/Apps after such change constitutes your acceptance of any such change(s), and if you do not accept any changes, you may choose not to use the Websites/Apps or opt-out by sending us an appropriate notice. Websites/Apps Security It is entirely your choice whether or not you provide Personal Information to us. We and/or our third-party partners have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the Personal Information collected through the Websites/Apps.
We take, or obligate applicable third parties to take, reasonable precautions to protect our customers' Personal
Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by email and you do so at your own risk.
When we use third parties to assist us in processing your Personal Information or credit card information we take
reasonable steps to require that they comply with this Privacy Policy and otherwise protect your Personal Information (including any credit card information).
If there is a breach of security involving your credit card information from our Websites/Apps, we will inform
you immediately and take commercially reasonable steps to rectify such breach.
If you believe your Personal Information is being improperly used by us or any third party, please immediately
notify us via email. In the event you choose to establish an account with us, you should not share your login information with anyone.
Legal Disclaimer
Our Websites/Apps operate AS-IS, and we do not represent or warrant that our Websites/Apps will be available at all times, or that your use of the Websites/Apps will be uninterrupted or error-free. We are not responsible
for your ability to access the Websites/Apps or for matters beyond our control. This Privacy Policy is governed
by California law, excluding its provisions on choice of law.
If you have any general questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by email:
andexukr@gmail.com
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Popular posts from this blog
March 12, 2021
Beginning ...
Read more
Powered by Blogger
Theme images by
Michael Elkan
Andex Mobile
Visit profile
Archive
March 2021
2
Report Abuse