Privacy Policy | Build Solid
Build Solid
Menu
Home
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We care about our User’s Privacy and take reasonable measures to Protect it.
Welcome to Build Solid Privacy Policy page:
Build Solid and its affiliates (“Build Solid“, “us”, “our” or “we“) are highly serious in protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you“). This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites, or any Build Solid game provided on a mobile platform (for example, Apple’s iOS App Store, Google’s Play Store) (collectively, the “Service”). Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by Build Solid through your use of the Service. Build Solid is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites or placements by those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.
When using our Services you may choose to and in some instances you will be required to create an account with us. If you do create an account with us, you agree that you shall take all steps necessary to protect your log in details and keep them secret. You agree that you shall not give your log in details to anyone else or allow anyone else to use your log in details or account.
In these terms, references to “log in details” or “account” include your log in details and account for any social network or platform that you may allow our Services to interact with. We will be entitled to assume that anyone logging into your account using your log in details is either you or someone logging in with your permission. If you fail to keep your login details secret or if you share your login details or account with someone else (whether intentionally or unintentionally) you accept full responsibility for the consequences of this (including any unauthorized purchases) and agree to fully compensate us for any losses or harm that may result.
We will not be responsible to you for any loss that you suffer as a result of an unauthorized person accessing your account and/or using our Services and we accept no responsibility for any losses or harm resulting from its unauthorized use, whether fraudulently or otherwise. We reserve the right to delete your account if no activity is conducted by you in relation to the account for many days. In such event, you may no longer be able to access and/or use any Virtual Money and/or Virtual Goods (as defined below) associated with that account and no refund will be offered to you in relation to the same.
You understand that if you delete your account or if we delete your account in accordance with these terms. You may lose access to any data previously associated with your account (including, without limitation, your progress through our Games and/or the level or score you have reached in our Games and any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods associated with your account). Your account is personal to you and you are not entitled to transfer your account to any other person.
Collection of Data Log Files:
To make our apps appealing to users, we must collect data logs about the usage of the app by you. But don’t worry, personal data is deleted within the app before we receive it and we tie the data to an ID that cannot be traced back to you.
The Application might automatically send anonymous and obfuscated data log files to us that contain detailed information on your usage of the Application (e.g. data log files containing chat history, where (i) such history cannot be attributed to any individual person; and
(ii) any personal details that you provide us voluntarily
(e.g. personal names, addresses, numbers, places, etc.) are obfuscated/deleted within an app before they are sent to us). The data logs from you shall be assigned an ID that cannot be traced back to your device and your device identification shall be immediately deleted from our system. Such data log files are used solely for the purpose of analysis, development and improvement of individual functions within the Application with the aim of making the Application more appealing to users. The data logs will not be disclosed to third parties. Implied but informed consent shall be deemed given to us by downloading and using the Application.
We will use such statistical data that may be connected with your device ID only for our internal purposes of developing, delivering, improving, personalizing, tailoring our products, services, content, and understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage of the Application and administering the Application and customer communications.
Information Collection:
Build Solid collects information as described below. Build Solid primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use.
Information Types:
In this Privacy Policy, data is contained on two terms. Which are “Personal” and “Non Personal” Data. Build Solid may use personal and non-personal data. Both individually and combined together for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customers, technical support, managing, providing Services (including managing advertisement serving), customizing Build Solid communications, to further develop the Services, other Build Solid services and products. Build Solid may combine non-personal data with personal data.
a. Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Likely situations when you make personal data available to Build Solid include, but are not limited to:
(i) registration for Services, including leader boards;
(ii) subscribing to newsletters;
(iii) requesting technical support; and
(iv) otherwise through use of Build Solid Services where personal data is required for use or participation.
The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data Build Solid may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/user name, Build Solid Services’ or third party service ID, e-mail address.
Build Solid may use your personal data to send messages to you with informative or commercial content about Build Solid’s services or third party products and services Build Solid thinks may be of interest to you. Such as new features, services, special offers and updated information.
b. Non-personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you.
Build Solid may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Build Solid to identify you.
Analytic companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how Services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user.
From time to time, we may ask you to complete a voluntary survey in order to help us provide a better user experience. We will only request and therefore collect non-personal data.
How we use the information:
We do not retain any personal data for longer than necessary. We may use information to ensure that users are in compliance with our terms. By using the Services and agreeing to this Privacy Policy, users authorize us to use their information for our general commercial purposes including sending email, SMS or other notifications to them relating to the Services.
How we disclose or publish Your Information:
We may disclose or publish aggregated information (information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you), other non-personal information about our players for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing, analytics, and advertising and other business purposes.
How we Share your information:
In addition, we will share your information (which may include personal information) with third parties (in other words, parties other than Build Solid) or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services in the following circumstances:
You’re Consent
With your consent, we may share your information with third parties or allow them to collect your information from our Services in some ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy.
Friends and Other Build Solid Players
The Service supports and often encourages you to interact with other players. In most Build Solid games, if you play through a social network or register through a social network (for example, Face book Connect), your social network friends will see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your game activity. In many Build Solid games friends and other players will be able to see your game profile, which may include your name or a “game name” and your profile photo, which in certain cases can reveal your social network ID or Build Solid player ID. For example, in Build Solid Poker, any other player may see your game profile if you are playing at the same table. Access to a social network ID or Build Solid player ID may allow others to view the public information associated with your related social network profile or Build Solid account. Other players may also be able to send you game requests or even friend requests through the related social network’s communication channels.
Third Party Advertising Including Tailored Advertising and Analytics
We have advertising on our Services so we can continue to offer many of our Services for free. When advertisers or ad networks place ads in our Services, they may collect or we may share the following types of information from within our Services:
ü Performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement)
ü Aggregated and de-identified information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you
ü Certain technical information (for example, IP addresses, non-persistent device identifiers)
ü Your social network ID and
Other contextual data about your game play (for example, your level and session length).
Location:
To customize our services for you, we and our partners may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device. This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used only to provide and improve our service. We may obtain your consent on your first use of the service.
Who this Policy applies to:
By playing the Games or visiting the Website of Build Solid you are agreeing to be bound by this Policy in respect of the information collected about you.
1: Visitors to the Website
2: People who use the Apps/Games
3: People who make complaints/Feedback to us by email/contact us.
4: Build Solid current and former employees.
Build Solid’s Sites:
While you are browsing Build Solid’s Site; your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type, language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically. We may use this information to monitor and analyze your use of the Service. In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names, e-mail and mail addresses. We may use this information to create a user profile. We may use your email address to contact you about your experience with Build Solid Sites and notify you about company news and promotions. Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions. Your mail address may be used if we have merchandise or other physical promotional materials that we want to send to you.
Forums:
Build Solid may at times offer you the ability to post content to a blog, message board, chat room or within Build Solid’s applications or other forums such as Build Solid’s Face book page. You should be aware that any visitor to the Forums may read your postings on the Forums. Furthermore, any information that you may post to a Forum, including your username, other account profile information, will be disclosed and available to all users and viewers of that Forum and will. Therefore no longer be private. Build Solid cannot guarantee the security of such information that is disclosed or communicated online in public areas such as the Forums. You provide such information at your own risk. Build Solid does not author, edit, endorse or monitor any Forum. You acknowledge and agree that Build Solid has no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information provided on any Forum. Build Solid reserves the right at any time in its sole discretion to remove any content that a user may post on any Forum and restrict their access to any Forum. Android Platforms as like play store, Amazon When you use any of the Build Solid games or applications on a mobile platform. We may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID, hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, the version of your operating system (“OS”). Your device name, your email address (including if you have connected to Face book) and your location (based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends. In addition we may create a unique user ID to track your use of our service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the Build Solid games you are playing. Face book Connect and Game Center.
Third party websites:
Users may find advertising or other content on our Services that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Services. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Services, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this Privacy Policy; Contacting Us:
This Privacy Policy is part of Build Solid Terms and Conditions to which you agree by using the Services. You agree that Build Solid may change this Privacy Policy mean that terms and conditions at any time.
Social:
The Service can offer several integrations with sharing services and other tools (like Google +1 button, Face book Like button, among others) that can be used to share information and actions Users make while interacting with our Service. Also we may integrate in our Games competitive services for sharing Scores and Achievement between players like Google Play Games Services or others. The use of the previous services and tools is a free choice of each user. It’s not necessary to use our Services. The social features that each User agreed to use enables the sharing of information with other contacts or the general public, depending on the configuration options the entity provides. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features. Please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Deleting, amending or updating your data:
If you would like to delete, amend or update your data or the way we may use it, including opting out of any marketing emails.
ADVERTISING:
Ads appearing on our services (Games/Apps or Website) may be delivered to Users by advertising partners (Third party), who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your Device each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your Device. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Our Policy about Children:
We take special precautions respecting users children’s. If a user chooses to register, they can input a date of birth, username and email address to set up an account. The user’s account is limited to participating in those aspects of the Services that are deemed to be appropriate for users; features of our Services that may involve the possibility of posting personal information, such as comments, are automatically disabled.
Immediately upon registration, the user’s email address is turned into an encrypted format, a “one way hash”, which we can’t read and which is used to authenticate the user login process.
We do not permanently store the email addresses of users in a recoverable format because we do not retain the email addresses of users in a usable form after initial registration. We have no means of initiating contact with such users by email after registration. The user name of registered users is not used as a means to contact such users.
We do not collect more personal data than is necessary to respond to a question or one-off request from a user. To provide parental notice or to obtain parental consent, nor do we distribute to third party any personal information collected from children without parental consent. Parents are invited to review their children’s information by contacting us.
Opting Out of Marketing:
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations. You may also opt-out of receiving SMS notifications from us via the settings on your device.
Consent to Public Display of Data Upon Your Acceptance:
We may publicly display your data when you participate in game related activities for the purposes of user identification.
If you use Third Party Social Networks to participate in game related activities, including but not limited to participation in leader boards, multi-player games or the downloading and uploading of content, Build Solid and its affiliates may also collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data regarding game play (including scores, rankings and achievements), or identify content that is created and shared by you with other players. Data that personally identifies you is collected, used, stored and transmitted in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
SURVEY:
We are conducting surveys in order to improve our services and you may freely decide whether you would like to help us or not. From time to time we may conduct an e-mail and/or an in-app survey and collect demographic and usage information for the purposes of internal analysis, marketing and brand development. Participating in a survey is completely voluntary. We will use the information to make our services more appealing to users. We might collect the following information: age and gender of the user of an app, whether another person uses the app, the age and gender of the people regularly using the app, assessment of popularity of the main character, which of the characters are known to the user, which app is most commonly used, whether children use the app on their own or with an adult, the gender of users playing the app, different ways of using the app, an assessment of the features of an app, the time period of using the app. Which apps the user has which Talking Tom and Friends Products have been bought or have been considered. The app more appealing and other information needed for the purposes of internal analysis, marketing and brand development.
We may use third party providers for the in-app surveys and they may place their tags within an Application to collect non-personally identifiable data from the device solely for the purposes of conducting the survey such as to collect cross device information in order to enable the reduplication of audiences across devices. Your e-mail will be excluded from our user database. If you do so, you will no longer receive special and discount offers from us.
Special:
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances:
(1) with your express consent
(2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law
(3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property
(4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets.
Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
More:
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. When we do, we will revise the “last updated” date at the bottom of the privacy statement. We will obtain your opt-in consent for any updates to this Privacy Policy that materially expand the sharing or use of your personal information in ways not disclosed in this Privacy Policy at the time of collection.
Acceptance of the terms:
By using Build Solid games and Apps, you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy. Please do not use our games and Apps. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.
Build Solid reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...
Create a website or blog at WordPress.com
.
Up ↑
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:
Cookie Policy
Subscribe
Subscribed
Build Solid
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Build Solid
Customize
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d