Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated : 22-10-2021
Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin built to playing spinner game for all spin game lovers to collect coins and diamonds, You can get extra free spin chance by using these coins & diamonds to play spin game more while you don't have enough chance in a game. This SERVICE is provided by us at no cost and is intended for use and play this game.
This page is used to inform you or Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin users and visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. Security of user information is first priority in Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our terms of use, which is accessible at Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection Regarding
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request is retained on your device except the information mentioned in this policy and is not collected by us in any way.
We record country info, and these info are used to provide better service to play spin and other lucky game levels.
The app does use third party services (Google Login) that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app Google Support
Login Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in the case of an error in the app we don't collect data and information from your device and don't use it any more. Except the information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service
A. What Data Do We Collect
To avail services on Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin, you are required to provide following information for the login process.
(a) Mobile Number: We verify and validate the mobile number provided by you to assist you in case of any account related queries raised by you:
(b) Email address: We verify and validate the email address provided by you as to login in a game and keep your game data back to the application.
1) We verify your email address and use it to detect fraud/ unauthorized usage of Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin.
2) We do NOT send commercial or marketing messages.
(c) Name: Taken for assisting you in case of any account related queries raised by you.
(d) Token or reference id from login with google to maintain user authentication with google.
(e) Login with Google Auth
(f) Country Code : services in the countries are applicable and available or not and provide service as per country.
B. Why Do We Collect Your Data
All required information is service dependent and the Company may use the above said user Information to maintain, protect, and improve the Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin Services and for developing new services.
In case you choose to decline to submit your mobile number & email address information during registration, we will not be able to provide data and not provide services to you. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the same at the time of opening your account.
After registration is complete, users can optionally choose to furnish below information in app Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin.
Mobile Number Or Mobile Number : if you want your name shown in Blue Diamond Leader board then you have to add your mobile number so that we check your activity in game about fraud and approve your request to show your name in Blue Diamond Leader board and link your mobile number with your name. If any fraudulent were found with your account then we will notify you on this mobile number.
Remark (Optional) : When game users want to convert their winning coin to diamonds at that time, if the user wants to write some game suggestions or feedback about current features and new features then he/she can write their message in the remark field. 
Above information is completely voluntary and you can choose to not provide the same. We do not show your mobile number and email address to any user in the app.
C. DATA WE USE AND SHARE
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin & its partner companies.
We Do not send any promotional email or not give your email to any promotional third party companies. If you want to delete your id then please email us we will remove it from our database.
We do not share your personally identifiable information with any entity outside Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin.
D. Our advertising partners include:
Except above information and data we collect and use with your permission in our game, We have added some advertising partners in a game who serve ads in a game. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their website.
Facebook
Startup
Unity
Applovin
Inactivity
Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin may terminate any coins assigned to your account due to 'Inactivity' within a twenty five (25) day period. 'Inactivity' includes, but is not limited to:(i) no spin activity, where no spin play.(ii) no attempts to access the Service.(iii) If any fraudulent activity is found with your account.
Termination
Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin may terminate your right to use the Service immediately, without notice to you, if, in our sole discretion, you fail to comply with any of these terms of use or engage in any fraudulent, criminal or other unauthorized activity. Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin reserves the right to terminate your access to the Service for any reason at any time without prior notice. If we found any suspicious activity in your account then we have the right to remove your all coins and reset your accounts or we can terminate your spin game account.
For Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We do not allow VPN Network based access to our service. Users who change networks by using VPN do not allow this user to use our service and we give alert warning to stop using VPN network for our service otherwise users are not able to use our service. To prevent fraudulent, criminal or other unauthorized activity we disallow VPN based access to our service.
We only provide service to users that come from apps downloaded from the Google Play Store.
For Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that We will be able to take necessary actions and remove all your details from our server.
Changes to Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Notice
All users are requested to create only one user account per device.
All features being used by app users are under self responsibility.
We are not encouraging any kind of gambling by using this game.
The aim to develop this game is just for self entertainment purpose, so any claim with the app will not be accepted.
We are not giving any real money, Gift Card, Coupon Card to game users, it's just an entertaining game.
We are not sharing user's any activity within our application to any third party, person or company.
We are providing in-app message support to our users by contacting us. Users can send messages directly from our app to chat with our support team. All users have to understand that process.
Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin is a game for developed only for self entertainment purpose so please be aware that Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin game doesn't involve any kind of illegal activity like providing online real money gambling, real money games of skill or real money lotteries, including online real money casino, sports books, bingo, or poker
Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin is a game name and doesn't mean that you will get real diamonds or real physical things from our service, it is just an entertaining game to win coins and add your name to the diamond leaderboard.
Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin service is provided only when users must download this game from authorized Google Play Store platform otherwise no service is provided to the users if they download this game from other 3rd party platforms.
Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin service does not incentivize people or users to view or click on an ad, or give the impression that viewing or clicking on an ad will be rewarded. This is just an entertainment game, play and collect coins and add your name in the leaderboard around the world in a game and we are not providing any rewards to the game users in any way who use our Spin to Diamond - Luck By Spin.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us on this email :
help.spinwheelgame@gmail.com