Privacy Policy, Terms and Conditions and Legal Information | Goodgame Studios
MENU
DE
Games
Community
Support
Career
Company
About
Management
Timeline
Press
Materials
Partners
Publishing
Contact
Blog
Games
Community
Support
Career
Company
About
Management
Timeline
Press
Materials
Partners
Publishing
Contact
Blog
Sprache wechseln zu:
Deutsch
Legal Information
Terms and Conditions
Withdrawal
Privacy Policy for online services
Privacy Policy for applications (apps)
California Residents Privacy Statement
Legal Information
Responsible for the content:
Altigi GmbH
Theodorstr. 42-90, Haus 9
22761 Hamburg
Germany
Email:
info@goodgamestudios.com
Goodgame Studios is a brand of Altigi GmbH.
Board of directors:
Armin Busen
District court:
Amtsgericht Hamburg
Trade register number:
HRB 99869
VAT ID:
DE253777364
Youth protection officer:
Attorney Dr. Andreas Lober
Email:
jugendschutz@goodgamestudios.com
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Valid from 01.06.2022
1
Subject; Area of Validity
1.1
The following general terms and conditions regulate the use of
online and mobile games and other services provided by Altigi
GmbH/Goodgame Studios (hereafter "Goodgame Studios"), Theodorstr. 42-90,
22761 Hamburg, on Goodgame Studios' websites and in app stores.
1.2
Goodgame Studios reserves the right to continuously develop its
online games, mobile games and other service offerings in order to
ensure they remain consistently attractive to the largest possible
number of users. Users are to be informed about this in an appropriate
manner.
1.3
Online and mobile games as well as other services offered by
Goodgame Studios are intended solely for the purpose of entertainment.
The use of these games or services for business or commercial purposes
is strictly prohibited. Goodgame Studios advises users that rollbacks or
content resets may occur in individual online games or mobile games, in
which game progress and, in some cases, virtual items acquired in the
game are reset. This may happen in particular where Goodgame Studios has
allowed the user to participate in an online or mobile game that is not
yet complete (soft launch or beta version).
1.4
The user is required to ensure that their digital environment is
compatible with the technical requirements of the digital product. Prior
to concluding the contract, the user is able to view the technical
requirements at
https://goodgamestudios.com/requirements
.
1.5
In addition to these general terms and conditions, any existing
rules relating to the respective online game or mobile game shall also
apply. In the case of an inconsistency between these general terms and
conditions and the rules of the game, the provisions of these general
terms and conditions shall take precedence. In addition, specific terms
and conditions shall also apply to certain online or mobile games,
specific versions and/or components of online or mobile games, and
individual services offered on Goodgame Studios' websites as
appropriate. Users will be appropriately informed of any specific terms
and conditions prior to use of the respective offer.
1.6
Users have the opportunity to use the services provided by
contractual partners of Goodgame Studios for various online and mobile
games as well as other services. In these cases, a separate contract
between the user and the respective contractual partner of Goodgame
Studios shall be concluded. Users will be informed of this in an
appropriate manner prior to concluding the contract.
1.7
Other provisions or general terms and conditions of the user that
deviate from Goodgame Studios' general terms and conditions shall only
apply if Goodgame Studios gives prior consent to their validity.
2
Conclusion of Contract
2.1
In order to use the online and mobile games and other services
provided by Goodgame Studios, users must register for and, if needed,
install the app in question. Users have no right to claim registration
or conclusion of a contract with Goodgame Studios.
2.2
Only natural persons are eligible for registration. Only individual
persons are permitted to be authorized users (no groups, families,
spouses or life partners, etc.).
2.3
Persons under 16 years of age are not permitted to register.
2.4
Users are not permitted to download mobile games via the Apple App
Store if this would violate a legal prohibition. This may apply, for
example, in the following cases:
If users are located in a country that is subject to an embargo by
the US government or in a country that the US government classifies as
supportive of terrorism.
If users are on the US government's list of prohibited or restricted
parties.
2.5
Users must enter a player name and generally an email address
registered to the user in order to register for the online games; the
mobile games require a player name. Users have no claim to a particular
player name. The selected player name may not infringe upon the rights
of third parties and violate existing legal prohibitions or common
decency. Moreover, no email or web address may be used as a player name.
Users must ensure that the information provided to Goodgame Studios
during registration is genuine and complete.
2.6
For individual games, users may also register via third-party
providers (for example, social networks or cellphone app stores). For
this purpose, the data required for registration is retrieved from the
user's account with the respective third-party provider.
2.7
The registration must be conducted in person. Registration performed
via third parties, especially those that register individual people
commercially at various service providers (registration services and/or
entry services), is not permitted.
2.8
Upon successful registration, the user opens an account (hereafter,
"User Account") which the user manages independently. The User Account
cannot be transferred without the consent of Goodgame Studios.
2.9
A right to registration or activation does not exist.
3
General User Obligations
3.1
User Data
Users agree to immediately inform Goodgame Studios of any future
changes to data entered upon registration, in particular any change to
the email address. Users are obliged to confirm the accuracy of their
data to Goodgame Studios upon request.
3.2
Login Data, Identification, Passwords
3.2.1
Users are required to maintain strict confidentiality regarding all
login data, identification, and passwords.
3.2.2
The terms "login data," "identification," and "passwords" include
all letter and/or character and/or number sequences, used to
authenticate users and to prevent use by unauthorized third parties. The
password should not be identical to the player name and should consist
of a combination of numbers and letters.
3.2.3
Users are required to protect all login data, identification, and
passwords from third-party access.
3.2.4
In the event that a user has reason to believe that third parties
have obtained or may have obtained unauthorized login data,
identification, or passwords, they shall inform Goodgame Studios
immediately and change their data or have it changed by Goodgame
Studios. In this case or in the event that Goodgame Studios has concrete
evidence of misuse of data, Goodgame Studios has the right to
temporarily block access to the user's account. If there is evidence of
misuse of data, Goodgame Studios shall inform the user.
3.2.5
Users are under no circumstances entitled to use the login data of
another user, unless the rules of the respective online or mobile game
or other service allow for exceptions.
3.3
Use of Goodgame Studios Internet pages and content of Internet
pages
3.3.1
Goodgame Studios' websites and mobile games include various content
that is protected by trademarks, copyrights, or other means for the
benefit of Goodgame Studios or third parties. Unless explicitly
permitted within these general terms and conditions, users may not edit,
copy, distribute, publicly reproduce, use for advertising purposes, or
use beyond the contractually agreed purposes any of Goodgame Studios'
websites, mobile games, or the content or any portion thereof. Only
technical copies intended for browsing purposes and permanent copies
intended solely for private use are permitted. Copyright information and
brand names may not be changed, hidden, or removed.
3.3.2
The term "content" includes all data, images, text, graphics, music,
sounds, sound sequences, videos, software programs and codes, and other
information provided by Goodgame Studios. The term "content" also
includes, in particular, all services available for download.
3.3.3
Users are obliged to abstain from any activities which may
compromise or interrupt the proper functioning of Goodgame Studios'
websites, any individual services and/or offers there, or its online and
mobile games. Users are also required to abstain from any activities
which may allow unauthorized access to data. Content may only be called
up in a manner that does not affect other users' use of Goodgame
Studios' websites and content. The transfer of data or software that may
affect the hardware or software of recipients is not permitted.
3.3.4
Any use of Goodgame Studios' websites or mobile games for commercial
purposes, especially advertising purposes, requires the express prior
written consent of Goodgame Studios.
3.3.5
Users are not entitled to publish content on Goodgame Studios'
websites, online games, mobile games, or other services.
3.3.6
The use of Goodgame Studios' Internet sites through an anonymization
service that is hiding the true IP address of the user is not
permitted.
3.4
In the case of offers which require the prior installation of a client software, Goodgame Studios grants the user an unrestricted, non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal, and time-limited (in terms of the user agreement) right to install the client software and use it for the agreed purposes according to these general terms and conditions and the rules of the respective game. Any form of commercial use of the software is prohibited. Modifications to the client software and a back-translation of the relinquished programming code into other code forms (decompilation) and other types of reverse engineering of the software's various production levels are prohibited if these are not required for establishing interoperability. Goodgame Studios is liable for damages to the user in accordance with the statutory liability provisions.‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬
4
Specific Terms for the Use of Online and Mobile
Games
4.1
The user may only take part in every round (e.g. World, Universe,
etc.) of an online game or mobile game using one user account, unless
the respective rules of the game allow for exceptions to this. Accounts
that violate the above rule may be deleted or banned under the
conditions of item 9.
4.2
Users are prohibited from any form of manipulative interference in
online or mobile games. In particular, users are not entitled to utilize
measures, mechanisms, or software that could interfere with the function
or progress of the game. Users may not take measures that may cause an
unreasonable or excessive burden on technical capacity. Users are not
allowed to block, rewrite, or modify content generated by the game
administration or to interfere with the game in any other manner.
4.3
Under no circumstances may users
a) create or use cheats, mods and/or hacks, or any other third-party
software products that may change the result of the online or mobile
games;
b) use software that allows "data mining" or otherwise intercepts or
collects information in connection with the online and mobile
games;
c) use virtual items outside of online or mobile games, buy for
"real" money or sell or swap virtual objects that are used in online or
mobile games; and/or
d) sell, buy, or trade user accounts.
This includes all circumventions, similar actions, or actions that
produce an effect that matches the aforementioned bans.
4.4
Users are also prohibited from running the online game (including
all individual web pages) with other programs besides an Internet
browser or the client program that has been provided. This refers in
particular to so-called bots and other tools meant to replace or
supplement the web interface. Also prohibited are scripts and completely
or partially automated programs that provide users with an advantage
over other users. This includes auto-refresh functions and other
integrated browser mechanisms if they involve automated procedures.
4.5
Automated opening of user accounts, regardless of whether the home
page is displayed or not, is not permitted.
4.6
Goodgame Studios or contractors authorized by Goodgame Studios hold
all and exclusive rights to items used and virtual items provided in
online or mobile games. Users will only receive a non-exclusive right of
use to the virtual items for the duration of the user agreement, but
under no circumstances ownership.
5
Specific Conditions for the Use of Communication Facilities
(Particularly Discussion Forums, Chats, Comments)
5.1
Goodgame Studios may provide users with different communication
facilities for self-created entries and posts on Goodgame Studios'
websites, in the game, and on social networks (particularly discussion
forums, chats, blogs, guest books, etc. as well as the utilization of
their comment functions, altogether known as the "communication
facilities"), which the user may use when available. In this regard,
Goodgame Studios only provides users with the technical environment for
an exchange of information. However, users do not have the right to
claim communication features.
5.2
Users take full responsibility for the content and entries they
post. Users agree to release Goodgame Studios from any legitimate claims
from third parties arising from a culpable violation of the users'
obligations. Goodgame Studios expressly disclaims any ownership of
content posted by users.
5.3
Within the context of these communication facilities, users are
prohibited from publishing or distributing content on Goodgame Studios'
websites that:
a) violates an applicable law, goes against common decency, or
breaches the general terms and conditions or the rules of the respective
game;
b) violates trademarks, patents, utility or design patterns,
copyrights, trade secrets, or other rights of third parties;
c) is obscene, racist, violent, pornographic, of adult content, or
otherwise threatening to the development of children and adolescents, or
of a detrimental nature;
d) is of an abusive, harassing, or defamatory nature;
e) includes chain letters or pyramid schemes;
f) falsely suggests that it is provided or supported by Goodgame
Studios;
g) contains personal data belonging to third parties without their
explicit consent; and/or
h) is commercial, in particular promotional, in nature.
5.4
The inclusion of websites, company or product names is only
permitted when it is not primarily for the purpose of advertising.
5.5
All users of these communication facilities are required to use
appropriate and acceptable language. Defamatory criticism or derogatory
attacks are not permitted.
5.6
Notwithstanding any other rights under these general terms and
conditions, Goodgame Studios has the right to fully or partially remove
content and entries that violate the rules of these general terms and
conditions. Goodgame Studios also has the right to permanently or
temporarily suspend users who violate these rules from further use of
the communication facilities, or to terminate the contract under the
conditions of item 9.
6
Consequences of Breach of Duty
6.1
Goodgame Studios is not liable for damages resulting from a breach
of duty by users.
6.2
Regardless of any additional legal or contractual rights, it is at
the reasonable discretion of Goodgame Studios, against any user who
culpably breaches statutory law, third-party rights, these general terms
and conditions, or any respective additional regulations and game rules,
to:
a) delete content;
b) warn a user;
c) temporarily or permanently block a user from specific or all
online and mobile games and content of Goodgame Studios' websites;
d) suspend a user, including from certain game functions (e.g.
chat);
e) issue a temporary or permanent virtual ban from the house;
and/or
f) terminate the user contract under the conditions of item 9 of
these terms and conditions.
6.3
If users have been blocked or excluded, they may not log in to a
service provided by Goodgame Studios without the prior consent of
Goodgame Studios.
7
Usage Fees
7.1
Users can play the online and mobile games essentially offered free
of charge. However, the user can use money to purchase virtual currency
(e.g. rubies, gold, jewels, the "premium currency"), certain virtual
features, and other services (together with the "purchasable features")
within the context of the online games and mobile games. The price of
the desired virtual currency appears in euros, US dollars, or in another
currency used in the user's region. The user can purchase advantages or
virtual items in the online or mobile game with the premium currency
purchased.
7.2
Users will be informed separately about the features available for
purchase, especially which function each feature provides, the duration
of availability of the feature for purchase (if applicable), the
purchase price and the available payment methods in connection with the
online or mobile game.
7.3
Users can submit their offers to purchase the available features by
selecting the desired item and desired payment method offered in the
respective online game or mobile game, then clicking on the Buy Now
button, and thus concluding the order process. The contract between the
user and Goodgame Studios is concluded upon the successful completion of
the order process.
7.4
The payment options vary according to the online or mobile game,
participant country, and the market availability of technically feasible
payment options. They are displayed to the user at the start of the
order process.
7.5
The money is collected via the service provider commissioned by the
user for the respective payment process or via a transfer made by the
use; for mobile games, money is collected via the respective app store.
In individual cases, the general terms and conditions included by the
authorized service provider may be applicable in addition to the general
terms and conditions of Goodgame Studios.
7.6
After completion of the payment process or, in the case of a
transfer, after the receipt of the money in Goodgame Studios' account,
Goodgame Studios shall credit the purchased features to the user's
account.
7.7
In mobile games on the websites of individual business partners and
in online and mobile games that have been integrated into social
networks, the conclusion of the contract may deviate from the procedure
described here. In these cases, users will be informed on the specific
procedure for concluding a contract.
7.8
The user acknowledges and ensures that all the information provided
in the context of a payment transaction (in particular bank account,
credit card number, etc.) is complete and correct.
7.9
Goodgame Studios retains the right to increase or decrease the fees
for all individual features in all future cases of purchases of
purchasable features.
7.10
In case of default, statutory interest accrues. Goodgame Studios is
also entitled to block the user account, recover further damages, and
terminate services.
7.11
Should Goodgame Studios incur back charges or cancellation fees at
the fault of the user (including an inadequate account balance), the
user shall bear the costs incurred from this.
8
Indemnification and Limitation of Liability
8.1
Users are directly liable to third parties for violation of their
rights. The user shall reimburse Goodgame Studios in accordance with
statutory provisions for all damages resulting from the culpable
non-observance of the obligations of these terms and conditions, in
particular if such damages arise from claims by third parties. This may
also include the costs of Goodgame Studios' legal defense, including all
court and legal fees. This condition does not apply if the user is not
responsible for the infringement.
8.2
The liability of Goodgame Studios, on whatever legal grounds,
whether due to contractual misconduct or breach of duty, is ultimately
determined in accordance with the following rules:
8.2.1
Goodgame Studios is liable for intent and gross negligence without
limitation, but only for slight negligence in case of the breach of
essential contractual obligations. In the event of a breach of such
contractual obligations, liability is limited to the damages that are
typical of the contract.
As previously stated, "essential contractual obligations" are the
obligations that may be relied upon by the user and that ensure that the
contract runs in accordance with its regulations and achieves the
contractual aim.
8.2.2
All other liability of Goodgame Studios is excluded.
8.2.3
Goodgame Studios recommends that users regularly backup their data
in order to avoid unnecessary damages.
8.2.4
The aforementioned liability limitations do not apply in cases of
explicit guarantees made by Goodgame Studios, in cases of malice, and
for damages due to the loss of life, limb, or health. Liability shall
remain unaffected under the Product Liability Act.
9
Contract Duration; Deletion of User Accounts
9.1
Unless stated otherwise for the respective online game, mobile game
or other service, the contract for the use of the Goodgame Studios
portal, online and mobile games and other service offerings runs for an
indefinite period. The contract begins upon accreditation or activation
of an account by Goodgame Studios.
9.2
The contract may be terminated at any time by either party.
Termination by Goodgame Studio shall become effective after one month.
Termination by the user is effective immediately. Deletion of the data
provided by the user to Goodgame Studios—or a request from the user to
delete said data—shall be considered a termination by the user.
9.3
Either party has the right to terminate the contract for cause
without giving notice. If the cause is the violation of an obligation
arising from these terms and conditions, the termination is only
permissible following the expiration of a deadline set for remedial
action or after an ineffective warning. The setting of a deadline for
remedial action and a warning are also superfluous if there are special
circumstances which, under consideration of the interests of both
parties, justify immediate termination.
Conditions that justify an immediate termination by Goodgame Studios
exist in particular if
a) a behavior significantly affecting the game experience of other
players is being displayed;
b) cheats, mods and/or "hacks" as well as any other form of
software, tools or scripts is being used that alters the gaming
experience or the game mechanisms of online or mobile games;
c) third parties make use of a user's account, unless the rules of
the game allow for specific exceptions;
d) a user makes use of a third-party user account or uses more than
one user account per online game, unless the rules of the game allow for
specific exceptions;
e) a user of virtual objects that are being used in online or mobile
games uses said objects outside of the online or mobile games, attempts
to buy or sell them for "real" money, or tries to barter using
them;
f) the user has sold, purchased or exchanged a user account without
Goodgame Studios' consent;
g) the user culpably violates laws that serve to protect other
persons or Goodgame Studios;
h) the user deliberately violates these general terms and
conditions, additional governing provisions, and/or the rules of the
game; and/or
i) Goodgame Studios has lost the right to operate the respective
online game or mobile game, in particular due to the termination of a
licensing agreement or due to an official or legal decision.
9.4
Any termination must be made in written form. The customer may also
terminate the contract online by clicking a corresponding button and in
accordance with item 9.2.
9.5
In the case of extended inactivity, Goodgame Studios is entitled to
delete the inactive user account after giving prior notice of this. The
length of inactivity may vary depending on the online game or mobile
game, but it is generally between 90 and 240 days. Following
termination, Goodgame Studios has the right to delete the user account
at the end of the contract and at its reasonable discretion within the
framework of the applicable law.
10
Online Dispute Resolution
10.1
The EU Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution
between consumers and online traders (ODR platform). The ODR platform
can be accessed via the following link:
http://www.ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.
10.2
We can be reached via the ODR platform. However, we do not intend to
participate in a dispute resolution procedure before a consumer
arbitration board and are not under any obligation to do so. We will
communicate with our users directly if we are contacted.
11
Governing Law
The laws of the Federal Republic of Germany shall apply; the UN
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) shall
be excluded. The mandatory provisions of the country in which the user
resides shall remain unaffected by this legal decision.
12
Amendments to these General Terms and Conditions;
Miscellaneous
12.1
Goodgame Studios retains the right to modify these terms and
conditions (a) in the event of any amendments made due to legal changes;
(b) in the event of any amendments made due to decisions by the Supreme
Court; (c) because of technical necessity; (d) in order to maintain
company operations; (e) in the event of a change in market conditions;
and/or (f) for the benefit of the user. No amendment will take place if
such amendment would substantially disrupt the contractual balance
between the parties. Users will be informed of any amendments to the
general terms and conditions via the Goodgame Studios' website and via
the respective online or mobile game at least six weeks before the
amendment is scheduled to take effect. Alternatively, Goodgame Studios
may send its users the amended general terms and conditions via email or
inform them that the amended general terms and conditions can be
accessed via the Goodgame Studios' websites. The user is entitled to
object to any amendment within four weeks. The terms and conditions are
deemed to have been accepted if the user remains silent for the
four-week period or if the user opens the game again after receiving
notification of the amended terms and conditions. Goodgame Studios will
specifically inform its users about the four-week period, the right of
withdrawal, and the legal significance of remaining silent.
12.2
Users are only entitled to an offset if their counterclaims have
been legally established or have been recognized by Goodgame Studios and
are uncontested or have resulted from this synallagmatic legal
relationship. Users can only exercise a right of retention provided that
it pertains to claims arising from this contract.
12.3
Goodgame Studios communicates with the user usually by email unless
indicated otherwise by these terms and conditions. Users need to ensure
that they regularly check the email account specified at registration
for messages from Goodgame Studios. When contacting Goodgame Studios,
users must indicate which online or mobile game and which user account
the message concerns.
12.4
If any provision of these terms and conditions should be or become
ineffective and/or oppose statutory provisions, the effectiveness of the
remaining provisions of the terms and conditions will not be
affected.
***
Notes on Licenses:
The game design of Goodgame Gangster is licensed by Playa Games
GmbH.
"Twemoji" emoji graphics from Twitter, Inc. and other contributors
are licensed under CC-BY 4.0:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
Withdrawal
If you purchase virtual currency or virtual goods from us for a consideration (each a “
Contract
”), starting 13. June 2014 each of these Contracts is governed by the following right of withdrawal.
Right of withdrawal
You have the right to withdraw from this Contract within fourteen days without giving any reason.
The withdrawal period will expire after 14 days from the day of the conclusion of the Contract.
To exercise the right of withdrawal, you must inform us (Altigi GmbH/Goodgame Studios, Theodorstr. 42-90, House 9, 22761 Hamburg, E-Mail:
odr@goodgamestudios.com
) of your decision to withdraw from this Contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, fax or e-mail). You may use the attached model withdrawal form, but it is not obligatory.
To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.
Effects of withdrawal
If you withdraw from this Contract, we shall reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from your choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which we are informed about your decision to withdraw from this Contract. We will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement.
If you requested to begin the performance of services during the withdrawal period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been provided until you have communicated us your withdrawal from this Contract, in comparison with the full coverage of the Contract.
Information
If the Contract concerns the performance of services your right of withdrawal expires after the service has been fully performed and if the performance has begun with your prior express consent, and with the acknowledgement that you will lose your right of withdrawal once the Contract has been fully performed.
If the Contract concerns the supply of digital content which is not supplied on a tangible medium your right of withdrawal expires if the performance has begun with your prior express consent and your acknowledgment that you thereby lose your right of withdrawal.
Model withdrawal form
(complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract)
To
Altigi GmbH / Goodgame Studios
Theodorstr. 42-90, House 9
22761 Hamburg
E-Mail:
odr@goodgamestudios.com
I/We (*) hereby give notice that I/We (*) withdraw from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods (*)/for the provision of the following service (*)
Ordered on (*)/received on (*)
Game name
Player name
Email address
Signature of consumer(s) (only if this form is notified on paper)
Date
(*) Delete as appropriate.
Privacy Policy for online services
The use of this website may involve the processing of personal information. Our intention is for the following information to provide you with an overview of these processes so that you can understand them. In order to ensure fair processing, we would also like to inform you about your rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the German Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz – BDSG).
Goodgame Studios (Altigi GmbH), Theodorstrasse 42-90, Haus 9, 22761 Hamburg (hereinafter referred to as “we” or “us”) is responsible for the data processing.
Table of Contents:
Contact Us
General Information on the Processing of Personal Data
Duration of Storage
Transmission of data
Contact Form
Registration and Login
Facebook Connect
Data Processing in our Games
Payments made on our Website
Community (Forum)
Publisher Backend
Job Applications
Newsletter
Use of email address
Surveys
Processing Server Log Files
Bugsnag
Combating Fraud
Cookies
Facebook (Visitor Action Pixel)
Information about our Facebook Page
Google Analytics
Google Marketing Services
Microsoft Bing Ads
Twitter Conversion Tracking
Taboola
Analysis of advertising on third-party websites
Integrated Services and Third Party Content
Advertising in Games
Your Rights
The Right to Object
Minor’s privacy
Data Protection Officer
Complaints to Government Authorities
California Residents Privacy Statement
1.      Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about this information or would like to contact us to exercise your rights, please contact us via:
https://support.goodgamestudios.com/
2.      General Information on the Processing of Personal Data
The use of the products and services we offer may result in the processing of personal data. The term “personal data” under data protection law refers to all information relating to a specific or identifiable person. An IP address can also be considered personal data. An IP address is assigned to each device connected to the internet by the internet service provider, so that it can send and receive data. When you use the website, we collect data that you provide yourself. In addition, when you use the website, we automatically collect certain information about your use of it. We process personal data in compliance with the relevant data protection regulations of the GDPR and the German BDSG. We will only process data where we are legally permitted to do so. When you use this website, we will process personal data only with your consent (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR), for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR), for compliance with a legal obligation (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter c GDPR) or if the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require the protection of personal data (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR).
3.      Duration of Storage
Unless otherwise stated in the following sections, we will store the data only as long as necessary to achieve the purpose of processing or to fulfill our contractual or statutory obligations.
4.      Transmission of data
Unless otherwise stated in the following sections, data will be processed on the servers of technical service providers commissioned by us for this purpose. These service providers will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this Data Protection Declaration, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Union or the European Economic Area. Further information can be found in the sections describing each service.
5.      Contact Form
Our website contains a contact form with which you can send us messages. The transfer of your data is encrypted. The legal basis for processing this data is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. All data fields marked as mandatory are required for processing your request. If they are not provided, your request cannot be carried out. The provision of any additional data is voluntary. Alternatively, you can also send us a message to the contact e-mail address.
6.      Registration and Login
In order to use certain functions within the app, registration via the website is required. The information required can be seen on the registration screen. It is absolutely essential to provide the information marked as mandatory in order for you to complete the registration process. The data provided will be processed for the purpose of providing the service. The legal basis of this processing is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. We store your data for as long as you are registered with us, unless you delete it beforehand.
7.      Facebook Connect
We also offer you the option of easier registration for our games and services through Facebook. You can use your existing Facebook user account for this purpose. By clicking the “Log in with Facebook” link, you can use this registration method via our online portal. To do this, you need to already have a Facebook account or have access to Facebook. If you would like to register for one of our services using your Facebook account, the first step in the registration process will immediately redirect you to Facebook. Facebook will then ask you to log in or to register. Under no circumstances will we receive your personal access data (user name and password). In a second step, you will connect your Facebook profile with the service for which you would like to register. At this point, you will be told what data from your Facebook profile will be transmitted to us. This information is usually your “public information” on Facebook and information which you have made available to the public or authorized for the application in question. Information of this type generally includes your name, profile picture and cover photo, your gender, your networks, your username (Facebook URL), and your user ID number (Facebook ID). We will also use the email address you have saved with Facebook in order to contact you outside of Facebook. You can see an overview of information in your profile that is available to the public via the General Account Settings menu of your Facebook profile (https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=applications). The legal basis for data collection and storage is your consent, within the meaning of Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR. If you would like to remove the connection between Facebook Connect and our service, please log in to Facebook and make the required changes to your profile. We will then no longer have the right to use information from your Facebook profile.
8.      Data Processing in our Games
In our games we are able to track and evaluate various actions at the player level. This especially includes contact data provided during registration and your actions during the games. For this purpose, we collect your connection data, such as your IP address. We need to be able to process this information to execute gaming operations. It is, therefore, processed on the basis of Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR
9.      Payments made on our Website
In principle, you can enjoy our games without having to provide personal contact data. If you pay for chargeable activities in our games, your personal data will be collected by the corresponding payment service providers listed. All payment-relevant data, such as your contact and payment data, are initially collected and processed by the corresponding payment provider. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. For payments, we collect the geolocation of your IP address, which allows us to determine in which country you are located. The legal basis for this data collection is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter c GDPR, as the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation. The legal obligation arises from Directive 2006/112/EC (MOSS Directive). We also receive information from payment providers related to payment fraud prevention. The legal basis for this data collection is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR, as the processing serves the legitimate interests of our company.
10. Community (Forum)
To use our forums, you must provide personal registration data, such as your user name and e-mail address. The e-mail address is not visible to other users. Registration is necessary to be able to punish possible infringements of our Community guidelines by excluding those responsible from the forum. The legal basis for the storage of this data is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. Our forum is monitored by moderators. In order to prevent and punish serious violations, we monitor your IP address. The collection of this information to combat fraud is based on our legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR, and serves to protect our forum. We expressly reserve the right to delete your comments if they are objected to as unlawful by third parties. You can object to this storage of the aforementioned data at any time.
11. Publisher Backend
Our company operates what is referred to as a “Publisher Backend”, in which companies and private individuals can register to participate in our Publisher Program. For this purpose, we collect and process your contact and payment data, which we require in accordance with Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR for the performance of the respective contractual relationship.
12. Job Applications
You can apply for a job with us through our website in the “career” section. To this end, we collect personal contact data from you, which specifically includes your name, your CV, your cover letter and other content provided by you. Your personal application data will only be collected, stored, processed and used for purposes in connection with your interest in current or future employment with us and the actual processing of your application. Your online application will only be processed and handled by the relevant contact people in our company. All employees entrusted with data processing are obliged to maintain the confidentiality of your data. We use softgarden e-recruiting GmbH’s software for application processing (Tauentzienstraße 14, 10789 Berlin, Germany). The legal basis for this data collection is Section 26 BDSG 2018.
13. Newsletter
In the following section, we will inform you about our newsletter as well as other types of business emails and electronic communications and your right to object. By subscribing to our newsletter, you agree to receive it and you agree to the processes described below. The legal basis is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR and Section 7 paragraph 2 no. 3 of the German Act against Unfair Competition (UWG). We do not include the following information under the term “advertising communication”: Information about technical and organizational processes and information relating to the provision of services to our users.
To subscribe to our newsletter, we use the double opt-in procedure, which serves to confirm your e-mail address. This confirmation is required so that no one can register with an e-mail address that does not belong to them. Subscriptions to the newsletter are logged in order to be able to provide evidence of the registration process in accordance with statutory requirements. This includes the storage of the login itself, the time of confirmation, as well as the IP address. Any changes to your data stored with the service provider that sends the newsletters are also logged. The processing of this data is necessary in order to be able to prove that consent has been granted. The legal basis results from our legal obligation to document your consent (Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter c in conjunction with Art. 7 paragraph 1 GDPR).
Newsletters are sent with the help of an EU-based external service provider, whom we have engaged for this processing activity in accordance with statutory requirements. The newsletters contain pixels that are retrieved by the server of the service provider that sends the newsletter as soon as the newsletter is opened. Within the scope of this retrieval, some information such us your IP address and time of retrieval are collected. This information is used for technical improvement or to analyze the target groups and their reading behavior on the basis of their retrieval locations (which can be determined using the IP address) or access times. The statistical data collection also includes determining if and when the newsletters are opened and which links are clicked and when they are clicked. For technical reasons, this information can be assigned to the individual newsletter recipients. These analyses are primarily intended to help us to identify the reading habits of our users and to adapt our content to them or to send different content based on user interests. The personalized analysis is performed with your consent, which we obtain when collecting your email address. The legal basis is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. You can do so easily by using the link at the bottom of each of our communications or by using our support form. Unfortunately, you cannot request separate cancellations for the service provider that sends the newsletter or for the statistical analysis. If you wish to cancel, you must cancel the entire subscription.
14. Use of email address
We can use the email address you provide during registration or payment to keep you informed about similar products and services that we offer. This serves our legitimate interest in contacting existing customers for the purpose of direct marketing. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in conjunction with. § Section 7 (3) Act Against Unfair Competition. You can revoke your permission at any time without incurring any costs other than transaction costs according to the basic rates. To do this, you can unsubscribe by clicking the link contained in every email.
15. Surveys
We conduct occasional customer satisfaction surveys for our games. For this purpose, we collect and process your contact data as provided in the surveys. The legal basis for the use of this information is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR. Your participation in the survey is voluntary. Your consent to its use may be revoked at any time. We use the services of SurveyMonkey Inc (San Mateo, One Curiosity Way, San Mateo, California 94403, “SurveyMonkey”) to conduct the surveys. SurveyMonkey collects additional information from participants in the form of cookies, which are only intended to ensure that the survey service is fully usable and that the surveys run as intended. The legal basis for processing this additional information is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you do not participate in our survey, no personal information will be collected.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
16. Processing Server Log Files
When using our website for informational purposes only, general data is initially stored automatically (i.e. not via registration) and transmitted to our server by your browser. By default, these include: The browser type/version, the operating system used, the page accessed, the page previously visited (referrer URL), the IP address, the date and time of the server request and the HTTP status code. The processing is carried out for the purposes of our legitimate interests, the legal basis of which is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. This processing is used for technical administration and website security.
17. Bugsnag
We use the service Bugsnag of Bugsnag Inc. (USA) in some of our games. This service enables us to quickly identify errors in our games that have caused a malfunction or crash and thus improve our service. If an error occurs, the player ID, the player name and, if applicable, details of the page or the app where the error occurred and the data built into them are transmitted to Bugsnag for error evaluation. You can find more information in Bugsnag’s privacy policy:
https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses. The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR, as the service serves our legitimate interest to solve technical errors in a targeted manner. The transmission of the above mentioned information to Bugsnag is technically necessary. Objections against this processing will be handled by our support:
https://support.goodgamestudios.com/
19. Combating Fraud
We process pseudonymous information, such as the IP address or device ID, for the analysis of signals in order to identify fraud by third parties in the context of customer acquisition. To accomplish this, we are supported by external service providers whom we have ensured are committed to the same statutory requirements. The legal basis is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. This processing contributes to the organizational security of the website.
18. Cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser when you visit a website. This identifies the browser used and can be recognized by our web server. Insofar as this use of cookies results in the processing of personal data, the legal basis for this is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. This manner of processing serves our legitimate interest in making our website more user-friendly, effective and secure.
Most of the cookies we use are known as “session cookies”. They are deleted after the end of you visit. Other cookies (“persistent cookies”) are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser. You can object in principle to the use of cookies through your browser settings.
Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies, you may not be able to use certain areas or features.
If you only wish to restrict third-party advertising cookies, you can disable such cookies by visiting Your Online Choices (
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
).
20. Facebook (Visitor Action Pixel)
We use the “visitor action pixels” from Meta Platforms, Inc. (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are based in the EU, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”)) on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Usage Policy
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by contacting the following address:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
21. Information about our Facebook Page
When you visit our Facebook Pages, which we use to represent our company or individual products or services, some of your personal data will be processed. The sole controller responsible for the processing of personal data is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited (4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland, “Facebook”). Further information about the processing of personal data by Facebook can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
.
Processing of Page Insights
Facebook provides us with anonymized statistics and insights for our Facebook page, which help us to understand the types of actions that people take on our Page (so-called “Page Insights”). These Page Insights are created based on specific information about individuals who have visited our Page. This processing of personal data is carried out by Facebook and by us as joint controllers. The processing serves our legitimate interest to evaluate the types of actions being taken on our Page and to improve our Page based on these findings. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR. We are in no case able to assign the information obtained via Page Insights to a specific Facebook profile using the “Like” data for our Page. We have reached an agreement with Facebook to share joint responsibility for the processing, in which the division of data protection obligations between ourselves and Facebook is set out. Details about the processing of personal data for creating Page Insights and the agreement entered into between ourselves and Facebook can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
.
Processing of data that is provided to us via our Facebook pages
We also process data that you make available to us via our Facebook Pages. Such information might be your Facebook user name, your player name in one of our games, contact details or a communication to us. We only process this personal data if we have previously expressly asked you to share this data with us, for example as part of a survey or a competition. This processing will be done by us as the sole data controller. If you have communicated data to us because you are taking part in a contest, we will only process this if it is necessary to send you a prize. After delivery of the prize, or if you do not win, your data will be deleted. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter b GDPR. Personal data that we have collected through surveys will be processed in anonymized form, to ensure that customers are happy with our offers. This processing serves our legitimate interest of continuously improving our offers, and the legal basis therefor is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR.
22. Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service from Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “Google”) to analyze our website visitors. Google uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the online product or service by users is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online products and services by users, to compile reports on the activities within these online products and services and to provide us with further services associated with the use of these online products and services and the use of the internet. Pseudonymous user profiles can be created from the processed data. We use Google Analytics only with IP anonymization enabled. This means that Google will truncate the IP address of users within Member States of the European Union or in other states that are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP address transmitted by the user’s browser is not merged with other Google data. Users can prevent cookies from being stored by adjusting the settings to their browser software accordingly. The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. Users can prevent the collection of data generated by cookies by downloading and installing the browser plug-in that is available at the following link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
A transmission of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
23. Google Marketing Services
On our website we use the marketing and remarketing services of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “Google”). These services allow us to display advertisements in a more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of interest to users. Through remarketing ads and products are displayed to users relating to an interest established by activity on other websites within the Google Network. For these purposes, a code is used by Google when our website is accessed and what are referred to as (re)marketing tags are incorporated into the website. With their help, an individual cookie, i.e. a small file, is stored on the user’s device (comparable technologies may also be used instead of cookies). Cookies can be set by various domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, invitemedia.com, admeld.com, googlesyndication.com or googleadservices.com. This file records which apps users have visited, which content they are interested in and which offers have been used. In addition, technical information about the browser and operating system, referring websites, the length of the visit as well as any additional data about the use of the online products and services are stored. The IP address of users is also recorded, although we would like inform you that within the framework of Google Analytics, IP addresses within Member States of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area are truncated. All user data will only be processed as pseudonymous data. Google does not store any names or e-mail addresses. All displayed ads are therefore not displayed specifically for a person, but for the owner of the cookie. This information is collected by Google and transmitted to and stored by servers in the USA. One of the Google marketing services we use is the online advertising program Google AdWords. In the case of Google AdWords, each AdWords customer receives a different conversion cookie. Cookies can therefore not be tracked through the websites of AdWords customers. The information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. AdWords customers see the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any information that personally identifies users. We may include third-party advertisements based on the Google Marketing Service called DoubleClick. DoubleClick uses cookies to enable Google and its partner websites to place ads based on users’ visits to this website or other websites on the Internet. Google services make use of Google’s Tag Manager. For more information about Google’s use of data for marketing purposes, please see the summary page:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
, Google’s privacy policy is available at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
. The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you wish to object to interest-based advertising by Google marketing services, you can do so using the settings and opt-out options provided by Google:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences
.
A transmission of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
24. Microsoft Bing Ads
We use the conversion and tracking tool Bing Ads from Microsoft Corporation (One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, “Microsoft”) as part of our website. Microsoft stores a cookie on the user’s computer to enable an analysis of the use of our online services. The prerequisite for this is that the user has accessed our website through an ad from Microsoft Bing Ads. This enables Microsoft and us to know that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online services and has reached a predetermined target page. We only see the total number of users who clicked on a Bing ad and were then forwarded to the target page (conversions). No IP addresses are stored. No other personal information about the identity of the user will be disclosed. Users can find further information on data protection and the cookies used at Microsoft Bing ads in Microsoft’s data protection declaration:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement
. The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you do not wish to participate in the Bing Ads tracking process, you can communicate your objection to Microsoft here:
http://choice.microsoft.com/de-DE/opt-out
.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
25. Twitter Conversion Tracking
On our website, we use the Conversion Tracking Service of Twitter Inc. (1355 Market Street #900, San Francisco, California 94103, “Twitter”). Twitter stores a cookie on the user’s computer to enable an analysis of the use of our online products and services. Twitter Conversion Tracking tracks the actions of users after they have viewed ads or interacted with ads on Twitter. Twitter’s Conversion Tracking allows you to assign conversions such as link clicks, retweets or “like” data. The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you wish to object to tracking, you can do so using the Digital Advertising Alliance tool at
optout.aboutads.info
.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
26. Taboola
Use of technologies belonging to Taboola Inc. (Taboola Inc., Atrium Tower, 2 Jabotinsky St., 32nd fl., Ramat Gan 5250501 Tel Aviv) allows us to utilize user-specific advertising based on surfing behavior and customer interests. Taboola uses cookies (or similar technologies) to determine which websites you visit frequently and record your movements on our website. Taboola gathers device-related data and protocol data and creates usage profiles using pseudonyms. The usage profiles are not merged with the data about the bearer of the pseudonym and do not allow conclusions to be drawn on personal data. To do this, we communicate your IP address to Taboola. This processing is carried on the legal basis of our legitimate economic interest (Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR.) You can object to inclusion in the tracking via the following link:
https://www.taboola.com/privacy-policy#user-choices-and-optout
. Once you have successfully opted out, you will no longer see personalized content/adverts.
27. Analysis of advertising on third-party websites
We use advertising spaces on third-party websites as a means of advertising. As an advertiser, we can use these to target certain interest and user groups when displaying our adverts. We cooperate with various third-party providers to display our advertisements.
We use services and systems provided by third parties to allocate the advertising space and select the interest groups. In order to measure and optimize the success of the interest-based advertising, some of the third parties use cookies and other technical means on our site to obtain information about the use of our website.
If personal data is collected while using our website and transferred to a third-party provider, this data processing is based on the legal basis of art. 6 para. 1 letter. f) DSGVO. Processing is carried out to protect our legitimate economic interests in the marketing of our website.
We work with the following providers:
Xandr
To display adverts, we work with third-party provider Xandr Inc, 28 W. 23rd Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10010, USA (Xandr). For this purpose, we have installed the tracking pixel from Xandr on our website. Using the tracking pixel, we can follow the actions of players on our site. Only statistical information is gathered and sent to Xandr. If you wish to opt-out of Xandr’s interest-based advertising, you may deactivate Xandr’s tracking by clicking the opt-out button at
https://www.xandr.com/privacy/platform-privacy-policy/#choices_rights
.
You can find more information on Xandr’s privacy policy here:
https://www.xandr.com/privacy/platform-privacy-policy/
.
A transmission of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
Quantcast
We also work with Quantcast International Limited, Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, 1st Floor, Dublin 2, Irland. So-called Quantcast Tags are used for this purpose. We only collect and transfer statistical data to Quantcast. You can find the link to Quantcast’s privacy policy here:
https://www.quantcast.com/how-we-do-it/consumer-choice/privacy-policy/
You can disable Quantcast tracking here:
https://www.quantcast.com/opt-out/
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
28. Integrated Services and Third Party Content
We use services and content provided by third parties on our website (hereinafter collectively referred to as “content”). For this kind of integration, it is technically necessary to process your IP address so that the content can be sent to your browser. Your IP address will therefore be transmitted to the respective third party provider. In each case, this data processing is carried out to safeguard our legitimate interests in the optimization and the commercial operations of our website, the legal basis of which is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. The Java programming language is regularly used to integrate content. Therefore, you can object to data processing by deactivating Java operations in your browser. We have integrated contents from Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “Google”) into our website:
“Google Maps” for displaying maps;
“Google Web Fonts” for using Google’s fonts;
“YouTube” for displaying videos.
A transmission of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
29. Advertising in Games
We offer in-game advertising on our web games allowing you to view video sequences from third-party providers funded through advertising. This allows paid content, for example, to be used free of charge.
The data you provide when using advertising media is collected and analyzed, which will be explained in more detail below. Our service provider Google Ad Manager by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland) allows us to put this type of ad monetization into practice. The service provider assumes control of the in-game advertising networks. This involves some parameters being shared via an interface with the advertising networks: IP address, browser, operating system, region (
more info
). The aim of this transmission of information is to display the most relevant advertising material for the user. The advertising networks mentioned may possibly also process personal data, such as the IP address, in order to be able to provide that advertising material.
Opting out from personalized or contextual ads does not remove ads in our games. Limited ads, which do not process any personal data and are less relevant to the users, will still be shown.
The legal basis for the processing of information in connection to the in-game advertisement is your consent (Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter a GDPR). As a user, you can opt out the use of personal data in advertising at any time in our Preference Center (link below). In such a case, all pseudonymous information is anonymized, meaning that only limited ads will be shown.
Privacy Preference Center
Potential advertising partners
https://goodgamestudios.com/iga-advertising-partners/
30. Your Rights
As the person concerned, you are entitled to exercise your rights against us. In particular, you have the following rights:
In accordance with Article 15 GDPR and Section 34 BDSG, you have the right to request information as to whether or not, and to what extent, we process personal data about you.
You have the right to have us correct your data in accordance with Article 16 GDPR.
You have the right to have us delete your personal data in accordance with Article 17 GDPR and Section 35 BDSG.
You have the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted in accordance with Article 18 GDPR.
You have the right, in accordance with Article 20 GDPR, to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit this data to another controller.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us via our
contact form
.
31. The Right to Object
In accordance with Article 21 GDPR, you have the right to object to any processing operations executed that use Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter e and letter f GDPR as their legal basis.
Privacy Preverence Center
32. Minor’s privacy
The Service is not targeted towards, nor intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. We do not collect personal data from any person we actually know is under the age of 16.
33. Data Protection Officer
You can reach our data protection officer at:
Peter Birgersson
Deloitte AB
Rehnsgatan 11
113 79 Stockholm, Sweden
Stillfront-DPO@deloitte.se
34. Complaints to Government Authorities
If you believe that the processing of your personal data constitutes an infringement of the provisions of the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 GDPR.
35. California Residents Privacy Statement
If you are a California resident, you may be able to exercise different / additional rights granted by California law in relation to the Personal Data / Personal Information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations).
Click Here for the CA Residents Privacy Statement
To exercise these rights, to opt-out, or for any inquiries regarding how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) please contact us via our
support form
or send an email to
ccpa_requests@goodgamestudios.com
.
Version: 01/2022
Language: en
AR
BG
CS
DA
DE
EL
EN
ES
FI
FR
HU
IT
JA
KO
NL
NO
PL
PT
RO
RU
SK
SV
TR
ZH
Privacy Policy for applications (apps)
The following information applies to all our applications (apps). The use of these apps may involve the processing of personal information. Our intention is for the following information to provide you with an overview of these processes so that you can understand them. In order to ensure fair processing, we would also like to inform you about your rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the German Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz – BDSG).
Goodgame Studios (Altigi GmbH), Theodorstrasse 42-90, Haus 9, 22761 Hamburg (hereinafter referred to as “we” or “us”) is responsible for the data processing.
Table of Contents
Contact Us
General Information on the Processing of Personal Data
Duration of Storage
Transmission of Data
Data Collection during Downloading
Access Rights of this App
Contact Form
Registration and Login
Facebook Connect
Data Processing in our Games
External Game Developers
Payments made through our App
Newsletter
Use of email address
Surveys
Processing App Log Files
Bugsnag
Combating Fraud
Facebook SDK
Information about our Facebook Page
Google Marketing Services
Google SDK (Firebase Analytics)
AppsFlyer SDK
Microsoft Bing Ads
Taboola
Pinterest
Advertising in apps
The Right to Object
Your Additional Rights
Minor’s privacy
Data Protection Officer
Complaints to Government Authorities
California Residents Privacy Statement
1.      Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about this information or would like to contact us to exercise your rights, please contact us via:
https://support.goodgamestudios.com/
2.      General Information on the Processing of Personal Data
The use of the products and services we offer may result in the processing of personal data. The term “personal data” under data protection law refers to all information relating to a specific or identifiable person. An IP address can also be considered personal data. An IP address is assigned to each device connected to the internet by the internet service provider, so that it can send and receive data. When you use the apps, we collect data that you provide yourself. In addition, when you use the app, we automatically collect certain information about your use of it. We process personal data in compliance with the relevant data protection regulations of the GDPR and the German BDSG. We will only process data where we are legally permitted to do so. When you use these apps, we will process personal data only with your consent (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR), for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR), for compliance with a legal obligation (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR) or if the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require the protection of personal data (Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR).
3.      Duration of Storage
Unless otherwise stated in the following sections, we will store the data only as long as necessary to achieve the purpose of processing or to fulfill our contractual or statutory obligations.
4.      Transmission of Data
Unless otherwise stated in the following sections, data will be processed on the servers of technical service providers commissioned by us for this purpose. These service providers will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this Data Protection Declaration, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Union or the European Economic Area. Further information can be found in the sections describing each service.
5.      Data Collection during Downloading
When downloading the app, no information is actively transferred by us to the app store involved (Apple App Store, Google Play, Amazon App Store, Samsung App Store, etc.). If you want to know what data is collected and processed by a given app store during the downloading process, please consult their privacy policy. We have no control over any data collection by app stores. They are solely responsible for the processing of any of your personal data within the meaning of Article 7(4) GDPR.
6.      Access Rights of this App
This app requires various access permissions from your device. These are required to maintain certain functionality of our apps. For example, if you only want to download updates using a wireless connection, the app needs access to your wireless connection. If you would like to purchase additional content via the app, we may need access to the interface required for your app store. Another example is what is referred to as “push notifications”, in which we can use an interface to display a message directly on your device. The access permissions on your mobile device are dependent on the operating system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.) and the store where the app was purchased (e.g. Google Play Store, Apple App Store, Amazon, etc.). As a rule, you will receive information prior to the installation as to which access permissions are required by our app. The legal basis for the processing of technically necessary access permissions is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. All further access permissions are based on Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. Under “Settings” in Apple iOS, you can get an overview at any time of the content that our apps can access. You can restrict these access permissions at a later point in time. In Android, various access permissions are also needed on your mobile device. Under “Settings/Apps” you can subsequently check the access rights of our apps.
7.      Contact Form
Our app contains a contact form with which you can send us messages. The transfer of your data is encrypted. The legal basis for processing this data is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. All data fields marked as mandatory are required for the execution of the contract. If they are not provided, the contractual services cannot be carried out. The provision of any additional data is voluntary. Alternatively, you can also send us a message to the contact e-mail address.
8.      Registration and Login
In order to use certain functions of the app, registration within the app is required. Upon completion of the registration process, a contract of use is entered into. In the context of this use, only the information you provide is processed. This information can be seen on the registration screen. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. It is absolutely essential to provide the information marked as mandatory in order to establish the user relationship. The data provided will only be processed for the purposes stated in the terms of use and they will only be stored for the duration of use. You may terminate your use at any time by deactivating your user account.
9.      Facebook Connect
We also offer you the option of easier registration for our games and services through Facebook. You can use your existing Facebook user account for this purpose. By clicking the “Log in with Facebook” link, you can use this registration method via our online portal. To do this, you need to already have a Facebook account or have access to Facebook. If you would like to register for one of our services using your Facebook account, the first step in the registration process will immediately redirect you to Facebook. Facebook will then ask you to log in or to register. Under no circumstances will we receive your personal access data (user name and password). In a second step, you will connect your Facebook profile with the service for which you would like to register. At this point, you will be told which data from your Facebook profile will be transmitted to us. This information is usually your “public information” on Facebook and information which you have made available to the public or authorized for the application in question. Information of this type generally includes your name, profile picture and cover photo, your gender, your networks, your username (Facebook URL), and your user ID number (Facebook ID). We will also use the email address you have saved with Facebook in order to contact you outside of Facebook. You can see an overview of information in your profile that is available to the public via the General Account Settings menu of your Facebook profile (
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=applications
). The legal basis for data collection and storage is your consent, within the meaning of Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR. If you would like to remove the connection between Facebook Connect and our service, please log in to Facebook and make the required changes to your profile. We will then no longer have the right to use information from your Facebook profile.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
10. Data Processing in our Games
In our games we are able to track and evaluate various actions at the player level. This especially includes contact data provided during registration and your actions during the games. For this purpose, we collect your connection data, such as your IP address. We need to be able to process this information to execute gaming operations. It is, therefore, processed on the basis of Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR.
11. External Game Developers
We use data processors for game development which might process personal data upon our instruction. We have entered into data processing agreements with all our processors. Some of our third party processors are located outside of the EU/EEA, with which we have concluded standard contractual clauses with these processors.
12. Payments made through our App
In principle, you can enjoy our games without having to provide personal contact data. If you pay for chargeable activities in our games, your personal data will be collected by the corresponding payment service providers listed. All payment-relevant data, such as your contact and payment data, are initially collected and processed by the corresponding payment provider. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. For payments, we collect the geolocation of your IP address, which allows us to determine in which country you are located. The legal basis for this data collection is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter c GDPR, as the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation. The legal obligation arises from Directive 2006/112/EC (MOSS Directive). We also receive information from payment providers related to payment fraud prevention. The legal basis for this data collection is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter c GDPR, as the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
13. Newsletter
In the following section, we will inform you about our newsletter as well as other types of business emails and electronic communications and your right to object. By subscribing to our newsletter, you agree to receive it and you agree to the processes described below. The legal basis is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR and Section 7 paragraph 2 no. 3 of the German Act against Unfair Competition (UWG). We do not include the following information under the term “advertising communication”: Information about technical and organizational processes and information relating to the provision of services to our users.
To subscribe to our newsletter, we use the double opt-in procedure, which serves to confirm your e-mail address. This confirmation is required so that no one can register with an e-mail address that does not belong to them. Subscriptions to the newsletter are logged in order to be able to provide evidence of the registration process in accordance with statutory requirements. This includes the storage of the login itself, the time of confirmation, as well as the IP address. Any changes to your data stored with the service provider that sends the newsletters are also logged. The processing of this data is necessary in order to be able to prove that consent has been granted. The legal basis results from our legal obligation to document your consent (Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter c in conjunction with Art. 7 paragraph 1 GDPR).
Newsletters are sent with the help of an EU-based external service provider, whom we have engaged for this processing activity in accordance with statutory requirements. The newsletters contain pixels that are retrieved by the server of the service provider that sends the newsletter as soon as the newsletter is opened. Within the scope of this retrieval, some information such us your IP address and time of retrieval are collected. This information is used for technical improvement or to analyze the target groups and their reading behavior on the basis of their retrieval locations (which can be determined using the IP address) or access times. The statistical data collection also includes determining if and when the newsletters are opened and which links are clicked and when they are clicked. For technical reasons, this information can be assigned to the individual newsletter recipients. These analyses are primarily intended to help us to identify the reading habits of our users and to adapt our content to them or to send different content based on user interests. The personalized analysis is performed with your consent, which we obtain when collecting your email address. The legal basis is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. You can do so easily by using the link at the bottom of each of our communications or by using our support form. Unfortunately, you cannot request separate cancellations for the service provider that sends the newsletter or for the statistical analysis. If you wish to cancel, you must cancel the entire subscription.
14. Use of email address
We can use the email address you provide during registration or payment to keep you informed about similar products and services that we offer. This serves our legitimate interest in contacting existing customers for the purpose of direct marketing. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR in conjunction with. § Section 7 (3) Act Against Unfair Competition. You can revoke your permission at any time without incurring any costs other than transaction costs according to the basic rates. To do this, you can unsubscribe by clicking the link contained in every email.
15. Surveys
We conduct occasional customer satisfaction surveys for our games. For this purpose, we collect and process your contact data as provided in the surveys. The legal basis for the use of this information is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter a GDPR. Your participation in the survey is voluntary. Your consent to its use may be revoked at any time. We use the services of SurveyMonkey Inc (San Mateo, One Curiosity Way, San Mateo, California 94403, “SurveyMonkey”) to conduct the surveys. SurveyMonkey collects additional information from participants in the form of cookies, which are only intended to ensure that the survey service is fully usable and that the surveys run as intended. The legal basis for processing this additional information is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you do not participate in our survey, no personal information will be collected.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
16. Processing App Log Files
If you use our services, general information (that is not used on a individual basis) is initially stored automatically, i.e. not through registration. For example, our web servers normally store the following information: IP, Device ID, Device Type, OS, time of the server request. The processing is carried out for the purposes of our legitimate interests, the legal basis of which is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. This processing is used for technical administration and the security within the app.
17. Bugsnag
We use the service Bugsnag of Bugsnag Inc. (USA) in some of our games. This service enables us to quickly identify errors in our games that have caused a malfunction or crash and thus improve our service. If an error occurs, the player ID, the player name and, if applicable, details of the page or the app where the error occurred and the data built into them are transmitted to Bugsnag for error evaluation. You can find more information in Bugsnag’s privacy policy:
https://docs.bugsnag.com/legal/privacy-policy
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses. The legal basis of the processing is Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR, as the service serves our legitimate interest to solve technical errors in a targeted manner. The transmission of the above mentioned information to Bugsnag is technically necessary. Objections against this processing will be handled by our support:
https://support.goodgamestudios.com/
18. Combating Fraud
We process pseudonymous information, such as the IP address or device ID, for the analysis of signals in order to identify fraud by third parties in the context of customer acquisition. To accomplish this, we are supported by external service providers whom we have ensured are committed to the same statutory requirements. The legal basis of Art. 6, paragraph 1, sentence 1, letter f GDPR. This processing helps the organizational security of the app.
19. Facebook SDK
We use Facebook’s Software Development Kit (SDK) within our app. The Facebook SDK is issued and administered by Facebook. By means of this integration, we can link various Facebook services with our app. For example, this enables users to be able to use the Facebook SDK to share content from our apps within their Facebook timeline or to send messages to other Facebook users. Further information about the Facebook SDK within iOS can be found here:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios
. For Android, please refer to:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/android
. The legal basis for the storage of this data is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter b GDPR. Facebook App Events: We use the Facebook App Events service though the Facebook SDK to track the reach of our advertising campaigns and the use of the Facebook SDK. Facebook merely provides us with an aggregated analysis of user behavior with our app. We have no influence beyond that on the information that will be processed through App Events by Facebook. The legal basis for this processing is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. In our app settings, you can opt out of using App Events for these purposes.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
20. Information about our Facebook Page
When you visit our Facebook Pages, which we use to represent our company or individual products or services, some of your personal data will be processed. The sole controller responsible for the processing of personal data is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited (4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 Ireland, “Facebook”). Further information about the processing of personal data by Facebook can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
.
Processing of Page Insights
Facebook provides us with anonymized statistics and insights for our Facebook page, which help us to understand the types of actions that people take on our Page (so-called “Page Insights”). These Page Insights are created based on specific information about individuals who have visited our Page. This processing of personal data is carried out by Facebook and by us as joint controllers. The processing serves our legitimate interest to evaluate the types of actions being taken on our Page and to improve our Page based on these findings. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR. We are in no case able to assign the information obtained via Page Insights to a specific Facebook profile using the “Like” data for our Page. We have reached an agreement with Facebook to share joint responsibility for the processing, in which the division of data protection obligations between ourselves and Facebook is set out. Details about the processing of personal data for creating Page Insights and the agreement entered into between ourselves and Facebook can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
.
Processing of data that is provided to us via our Facebook pages
We also process data that you make available to us via our Facebook Pages. Such information might be your Facebook user name, your player name in one of our games, contact details or a communication to us. We only process this personal data if we have previously expressly asked you to share this data with us, for example as part of a survey or a competition. This processing will be done by us as the sole data controller. If you have communicated data to us because you are taking part in a contest, we will only process this if it is necessary to send you a prize. After delivery of the prize, or if you do not win, your data will be deleted. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter b GDPR. Personal data that we have collected through surveys will be processed in anonymized form, to ensure that customers are happy with our offers. This processing serves our legitimate interest of continuously improving our offers, and the legal basis therefor is Article 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR.
21. Google Marketing Services
On our app we use the marketing and re-marketing services of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “Google”). These services allow us to display advertisements in a more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of interest to users. Through remarketing ads and products are displayed to users relating to an interest established by activity on other apps within the Google Network. For these purposes, a code is used by Google when our app is accessed and what are referred to as (re)marketing tags are incorporated into the app. With their help, an individual cookie, i.e. a small file, is stored on the user’s device (comparable technologies may also be used instead of cookies). Cookies can be set by various domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, invitemedia.com, admeld.com, googlesyndication.com or googleadservices.com. This file records which apps users have visited, which content they are interested in and which offers have been used. In addition, technical information about the browser and operating system, referring apps, the length of the visit as well as any additional data about the use of the online products and services are stored. The IP address of users is also recorded, although we would like inform you that within the framework of Google Analytics, IP addresses within Member States of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area are truncated. All user data will only be processed as pseudonymous data. Google does not store any names or e-mail addresses. All displayed ads are therefore not displayed specifically for a person, but for the owner of the cookie. This information is collected by Google and transmitted to and stored by servers in the USA. One of the Google marketing services we use is the online advertising program Google AdWords. In the case of Google AdWords, each AdWords customer receives a different conversion cookie. Cookies can therefore not be tracked through the apps of AdWords customers. The information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. AdWords customers see the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any information that personally identifies users. We may include third-party advertisements based on the Google Marketing Service called DoubleClick. DoubleClick uses cookies to enable Google and its partner apps to place ads based on users’ visits to this app or other apps on the Internet. Google services make use of Google’s Tag Manager. For more information about Google’s use of data for marketing purposes, please see the summary page:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
, Google’s privacy policy is available at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
The legal basis for the use of this service is Article Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you wish to object to interest-based advertising by Google marketing services, you can do so using the settings and opt-out options provided by Google:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences
.
A transmission of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
22. Google SDK (Firebase Analytics)
We use the developer platform called “Google Firebase” as well as the associated functions and services of Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; “Google”). Google Firebase is a platform for developing apps for mobile devices and websites. Google Firebase offers a variety of features, which are can be found on the following summary page:
https://firebase.google.com/products/
The functions include the storage of apps, including users’ personal data, such as content they have created or information regarding their interaction with the apps. Google Firebase also offers interfaces that allow interaction between the users of the app and other services. The analysis of user interactions is carried out using the analysis service of Firebase Analytics. This service helps us to record our users’ interactions. Events such as the first time an app is opened, the uninstalling of an app, updates, crashes or the frequency of use of the app are recorded. Certain user interests are also recorded and evaluated. The information processed by Google Firebase may be used with other Google services, such as Google Analytics and Google marketing services. In this case, only pseudonymous information, such as the Android Advertising ID or the Advertising Identifier for iOS, will be processed to identify users’ mobile devices. Additional information on the use of data for marketing purposes by Google can be found on the summary page:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
, Google’s privacy policy is available at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
. The legal basis for use is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If users wish to object to interest-based advertising through Google marketing services, they can use the settings and opt-out options provided by Google:  http://www.google.com/ads/preferences.
A transmission of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
23. AppsFlyer SDK
Our app is analyzed with technologies from AppsFlyer Inc. (111 New Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California 94105). Various session and interaction data are collected from you and stored for this purpose. We need this information to improve the content and usability of our games and to optimize the user experience for you. The session and interaction data are at no time processed in personalized form, but under a pseudonym. For more information on data processing by AppsFlyer, please refer to the privacy policy of the provider:
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
. Appsflyer is used by various advertising partners such as Jampp Limited (CanalotStudios, 222 Kensal Road, London, United Kingdom). Their privacy policy can be found at
https://jampp.com/privacy.html
. The legal basis for use is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you do not wish to be tracked by AppsFlyer in the future, you can opt out at any time here:
https://www.appsflyer.com/optout
.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
24. Microsoft Bing Ads
We use the conversion and tracking tool Bing Ads from Microsoft Corporation (One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, “Microsoft”) as part of our app. Microsoft stores a cookie on the user’s device to enable an analysis of the use of our online services. The prerequisite for this is that the user has accessed our app through an ad from Microsoft Bing Ads. This enables Microsoft and us to know that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online services and has reached a predetermined target page. We only see the total number of users who clicked on a Bing ad and were then forwarded to the target page (conversions). No IP addresses are stored. No other personal information about the identity of the user is disclosed. Users can find further information on data protection and the cookies used at Microsoft Bing ads in Microsoft’s privacy statement:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement
. The legal basis for the use of this service is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If you do not wish to participate in the Bing Ads tracking process, you can communicate your objection to Microsoft here:
http://choice.microsoft.com/de-DE/opt-out
.
We guarantee the adequacy of data transfer to the third country USA through the agreement of EU standard contractual clauses.
25. Taboola
Use of technologies belonging to Taboola Inc. (Taboola Inc., Atrium Tower, 2 Jabotinsky St., 32nd fl., Ramat Gan 5250501 Tel Aviv) allows us to utilize user-specific advertising based on surfing behavior and customer interests. Taboola uses cookies (or similar technologies) to determine which websites you visit frequently and record your movements on our website. Taboola gathers device-related data and protocol data and creates usage profiles using pseudonyms. The usage profiles are not merged with the data about the bearer of the pseudonym and do not allow conclusions to be drawn on personal data. To do this, we communicate your IP address to Taboola. This processing is carried on the legal basis of our legitimate economic interest (Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR.) You can object to inclusion in the tracking via the following link:
https://www.taboola.com/privacy-policy#user-choices-and-optout
. Once you have successfully opted out, you will no longer see personalized content/adverts.
26. Pinterest
We use advertising services provided by the social network Pinterest, which is operated by Pinterest Europe Ltd., Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the site to book advertising space on pins within Pinterest.  If you land on one of our offers via a pin we have booked, this information will be processed by Pinterest and communicated to us as statistics (conversion). This allows us to find out, for instance, how many users have clicked on our pins. We obtain no information that allows users to be personally identified. Furthermore, we analyze whether a user then goes on to download our app. Insofar as personal data is processed, this is carried out on the legal basis of article 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR. You can object to inclusion in the tracking via the following link:
https://help.pinterest.com/de/articles/personalization-and-data
27. Advertising in apps
Our apps allow you to view video sequences from third‑party providers funded through advertising. This allows paid content, for example, to be used free of charge. Viewing the videos is voluntary, and must be actively confirmed by you, the user.
The advertising displayed through our partners is either personalized or non-personalized (context-related). The data you provide when using advertising media is collected and analyzed, which will be explained in more detail below. Our SDK service providers Fyber (Fyber N.V., Johannisstraße 20, 10117 Berlin) and Admob by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland; “Google”) allow us to put this type of ad monetization into practice. If a player decides to watch a video ad, the service providers take over control of the in-game advertising networks. This involves the following parameters being shared via an interface with the advertising networks: Advertising ID, IP address, browser, operating system, version, country, city, placement ID and bundle ID. The aim of this transmission of information is to display the best possible advertising material for the user. The SDKs for the advertising networks mentioned may possibly also process personal data, such as advertising ID and IP address, in order to be able to provide that advertising material.
Fyber also operates its own advertising networks (Fyber Marketplace and Heyzap Ad Network), which are used to display both personalized and context-related advertising. Fyber only uses information from the app’s general access permissions for this purpose. This data is processed on our behalf. Further information about Fyber’s data processing can be found here:
https://www.fyber.com/gdpr-faqs/
.
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate financial interests (Art. 6 paragraph 1 letter f GDPR). As a user, you can switch this form of personalized advertising off at any time in our app settings (opt-out). In such a case, all pseudonymous information is anonymized by us, meaning that only context-related advertising will be shown. You can also deactivate personalized advertising in the settings of your mobile device. In order to do this, please follow the instructions below:
Android
Depending on your device, you can find the Google settings in one of the following locations:
– In a separate app called “Google settings”
– Scroll through your main app “Settings” and tap on Google
Tap on “Ads”
Tap on the toggle button next to Opt out of Ads Personalization
iOS
iOS devices use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. Further information on the different options for using this Identifier can be found in the Settings app of your mobile device. This can be found by:
Opening “Settings”
Selecting “Privacy”
Selecting “Advertising”
Here you can choose between specific settings using a toggle button.
Advertising partners
Service partner
Service partner
Processing role
Type of ads
Additional information
Unity Ads
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA
Joint controllers
Personalized and contextual ads
Specific information on privacy and opting out of personalized advertising is also displayed transparently in the video player.
https://unity3d.com/de/legal/privacy-policy
Facebook Audience Network SDK
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland
Joint controllers
Personalized ads
As a Facebook user, you can switch off personalized advertising on third-party sites in the settings.
https://www.facebook.com/about/ads
AdColony
AdColony, Inc 11400 W Olympic Blvd #1200, Los Angeles, CA 90064, USA
Joint controllers
Personalized and contextual ads
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
28. The Right to Object
In accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right to object to any processing operations executed that use Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter e or letter f of GDPR as their legal basis.
29. Your Additional Rights
As the person concerned, you are entitled to exercise your rights against us. In particular, you have the following rights:
In accordance with Article 15 GDPR and Section 34 BDSG, you have the right to request information as to whether or not, and to what extent, we process personal data about you.
You have the right to have us correct your data in accordance with Article 16 GDPR.
You have the right to have us delete your personal data in accordance with Article 17 GDPR and Section 35 BDSG.
You have the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted in accordance with Article 18 GDPR.
You have the right, in accordance with Article 20 GDPR, to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit this data to another controller.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us via our
contact form
.
30. Minor’s privacy
The Service is not targeted towards, nor intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. We do not collect personal data from any person we actually know is under the age of 16.
31. Data Protection Officer
You can reach our data protection officer at:
Peter Birgersson
Deloitte AB
Rehnsgatan 11
113 79 Stockholm, Sweden
Stillfront-DPO@deloitte.se
32. Complaints to Government Authorities
If you believe that the processing of your personal data constitutes an infringement of the provisions of the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in accordance with Article 77 GDPR.
33. California Residents Privacy Statement
If you are a California resident, you may be able to exercise different / additional rights granted by California law in relation to the Personal Data / Personal Information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations).
Click Here for the CA Residents Privacy Statement
To exercise these rights, to opt-out, or for any inquiries regarding how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) please contact us via our
support form
or send an email to
ccpa_requests@goodgamestudios.com
.
Version: 01/2022
California Residents Privacy Statement
Goodgame Studios California Privacy Rights Statement
Last Updated: July 24, 2020
This statement applies to California residents. It describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) but does not include certain de-identified or aggregated information, information publicly available in government records, or certain information excluded from the CCPA’s scope. “Personal Information” otherwise means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
Sale of Personal Information.
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties.
We do share Personal Information with third parties for the business and commercial purposes described in our
Privacy Policy
, including without limitation advertising and marketing of the Services.
Your California privacy rights.
Effective January 1, 2020, as a California resident, and upon your verifiable consumer request, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Your Right to Know
You have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to the personal information we have collected about you or disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity.
The Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request the deletion of personal information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. For example, we may retain information needed to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreements, protect our legal rights, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints, including tracking compliance with your deletion request.
The Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties.
You have the right to instruct us not to share the personal information we have collected about you to third parties, now or in the future.
The Right to Non-Discrimination
You will not be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described above. However, if the exercise of your rights limits our ability to retain or process your personal information (for example, a deletion request), we may no longer be able to furnish the Services in the same manner, or at all.
“California Shine the Light Law”
Separate from the rights afforded by the CCPA, California residents that have an established business relationship with us have the right to know how their information is disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civ. Code § 1798.83).
Exercising your CCPA and other rights.
You may exercise your California privacy rights described above by contact us via our
support form
or send an email to
ccpa_requests@goodgamestudios.com
.
Note: We will need to verify your identity and California residency to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights. We cannot process your request if you do not timely provide us with such verification or sufficient detail to allow us to understand and/or respond to requests.
Use of Request Agents.
You are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf where (i) you provide sufficient evidence to show that the requestor is an authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf and (ii) you successfully verify your own identity with us.
Response Timing.
We will respond to a consumer request for information or deletion within 45 days. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and revised timing in writing.
Minor Children.
We do not sell the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age. Children under 16 years of age are not permitted to register.
Updates.
We may update this California Privacy Rights Statement from time to time. When we make changes to this California Privacy Rights Statement, we will amend the “Last Updated” date.
Mobile Games
Empire: Four Kingdoms
BitLife – Life Simulator
War Alliance
Browser games
Goodgame Empire
Goodgame Big Farm
Goodgame Poker
Goodgame Gangster
Company
About
Press
Contact
Connect
Support
Community
Blog
Speak Up
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Settings
© 2023 Goodgame Studios