Poxel Studios - Home
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains:
How and what personal information we collect from you
Where we use your personal information for
The options you have about your personal information
This Privacy Policy applies to all services, websites and games from Poxel Studios.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
How and what information we collect from you.
Information you provide to us
Contact information or other information you choose to give us, when you send us an e-mail or otherwise interact with us.
Information we collect automatically, through our games
Google Play advertising ID
Device type
Country
Device language
In-game behavior and purchases
IP address
Information we collect from our partners
In some of our games it is possible to log into a third party platform such as Google Sign-In. When you use one of these third parties, we may access information about you from that platform such as your profile information, friend lists, profile name, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third party platform provided that you have given the third party in question such consent.
When you use a third party platform in one of our games, you represent and warrant that:
Your access and use of such features in connection with our games, will comply with the applicable terms and policies of such site or platform
That you are over the age limit that is prescribed for such third party platform by legislation in the individual jurisdictions
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
Where we use your personal information for.
To operate our games
Verify and confirm payments
Develop and improve our games, websites and services
Customize our games, websites and services to give you the best experience
Respond to your questions and give you support where requested
Send you related information, such as custom promotions, updates, security alerts and support messages
To monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our games
To provide you with reasonable contextual advertisements
Enable you to to connect with other players
STORAGE OF INFORMATION
We will store your personal information for the time necessary in order to fulfill the purposes as described above, unless further storage is required in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or to comply with applicable laws.
Your personal information will be deleted or anonymized, as soon as it is no longer necessary for the above mentioned purposes.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Apart from Poxel Studios, your data may be accessed by:
Third party partners working with Poxel Studios
Public authorities. These public authorities process your information only at and according to our instructions, to provide our games or other services, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other players in order to provide certain in-app features, such as leaderboards, if you log into our games, using Google Sign-In.
If you have given us consent to share your advertising ID’s with our ad network partners, for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within our games.
Our third party partners may access your information and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies, to learn more about their practices for processing information. Their privacy policies are as follow:
Unity Ads and Unity Analytics:
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
AdMob:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Appodeal:
https://www.appodeal.com/privacy-policy
The recipients use of the disclosed information, will not be covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions concerning the processing carried out by such third parties, you should review their privacy policy.
SHARING WITH SOCIAL MEDIA
Our games may offer social sharing features, which let you share actions you take in our games with other media. Please be aware that you must be over the minimum age limit that is prescribed by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions to use any social sharing features in our games. The use of such features, enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature.
The third party partners we use for social sharing, may access your information and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies, to learn more about their practices for processing information. Their privacy policies are as follow:
Google Sign-In:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
INTERNATIONAL INFORMATION TRANSFERS
The games, websites and other services from Poxel Studios, operate globally and your information can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because each country may have different data protection laws, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your information as explained in this Privacy Policy.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Poxel Studios follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, privacy and integrity of your personal information.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
You have the right to correct your information, object how we use your information, have your information deleted, and restrict how we use or share your your information.
Opt-out of marketing e-mails and other direct marketing.
You have a choice about participating in interest-based advertising. If you wish to opt-out, you can do that by checking the privacy settings of your Android device and selecting  “opt-out of interest based ads”. For more information, please check the following methods:
Visit
http://aboutads.info/appchoices
, to learn about and download the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice app, AppChoices, which allows you to opt out directly from companies listed in the app.
Use your phone operating system’s opt-out setting. For instructions on how to “Opt out of interest-based ads” in Android OS, please visit
this link
.In providing you with transparency and access to choice regarding interest-based ads, we are acting in accordance with our commitment to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles. To learn more about the Principles, please visit
http://aboutads.info/consumers/
.
POLICY UPDATES
This Policy may change from time to time. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it and when we may disclose it.
HOME
2022 Poxel Studios All rights Reserved.