SIWEN Games
Privacy Policy
Updated on: March 20th, 2019
Your privacy is important to us.
Codex7 Entertainment and its affiliates ("us", "our" or "we") are dedicated to protecting the
privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you").  This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes the
ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information,
that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites, including www.codex7.net
or any Codex7 Entertainment game provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and
Android)(collectively, the "Service").  Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to
information collected or received by Codex7 Entertainment through your use of the
Service. Codex7 Entertainment is not responsible for the actions of third party people or
companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any
products or services they may offer.  Any link to those sites does not constitute our
sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or
other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with
this Privacy Policy. , including consenting to Codex7 Entertainment’s and our advertising
partners’ use of your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the Marketing
and Advertising sections of this Privacy Policy. Those sections also explain how you can
withhold or withdraw your consent to the use of your data for targeted advertising
purposes. If you have any other concerns about providing information to us or it being used
as described in this Privacy Policy you should not use our games or other Services.
Information Collection and Use
Codex7 Entertainment collects information as described below.  Codex7 Entertainment
primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services
to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal
use.  We store information on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services
or other Server Service Providers and may store information on servers and equipment in
other countries.
Social Media (Features) and Widgets
Our games include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets,
such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These
Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a
cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are
either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these
Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
iOS and Android Platforms
When you use any of the Codex7 Entertainment games or applications on a mobile platform,
we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent /
non-persistent), hardware type, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile
equipment identity ("IMEI"), the version of your operating system ("OS"), your device name,
your email address (if you have connected to Facebook), and your location (based on your
Internet Protocol ("IP") address).  This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and
helps us understand usage trends.
We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with the
correct version of the application and so you may interact with other users of the game.  We
will not share this information with any third party without your permission.  If you no
longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you may turn it off at the device
level.  Please note, the application may not work properly if we are unable to tell where you
are coming from (Country specific).
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service.  This unique user ID
is stored in connection with your profile information to track the Codex7 Entertainment
games you are playing.
Facebook Connect, Game Center, Google and Discord
You can log in to our games using sign-in services ("SN Service") such as Facebook Connect,
Apple's Game Center, Google and Discord or an OpenID provider. These services will
authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information
with us such as your name, email address, and resume to pre-populate our sign up
form.  Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your
activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the
policies and terms of that SN Service.  The information we collect when you connect your
user account to an SN Service may include: (1)your name, (2) your SN Service user
identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country,(4) sex, (5) birth
date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user
identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to Codex7 Entertainment's
game(s).
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook, Game Center or Discord about
you, please contact us at contact@codex7.cn.
Invite a Friend
Codex7 Entertainment may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a SN
Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in Codex7
Entertainment games and/or you can invite them to join you in Codex7 Entertainment
games.  Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending
communications to the addressee. You or the third party may contact
usat contact@codex7.cn to request the removal of this information from our database to
the extentCodex7 Entertainment stores any of this information.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we
may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with Codex7
Entertainment games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer
wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by following the
unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us
at contact@codex7.cn.
Push Notifications
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send
you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of
importance to you.  You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of
communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game
and with the other players inside the game via server log files.  This information may be
associated with your player ID, IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing you our
Services and improving them.  This data is stored within Amazon Web Services or other
Server Services Providers. With your permission, we will also collect your exact location so
that we are able to match you with other players in your area.
Tracking Technologies
We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use
technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a user's computer/device
and to "remember" things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and
password.  Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information,
such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring
recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use.  You can disable
cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your
computer/device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be
tracked.  Since the third party advertising companies associate your computer/device with a
number, they will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an
advertisement.  These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service and
third party sites and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to
provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This Policy does not
apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these third party
advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their
use of cookies and other technology.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our
Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information such as how often
you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage,
performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the
information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit
within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers. Such third
parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and
analyze user information on our behalf.
The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC
address, IMEI, locale(specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location
information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their
respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from
third parties.  We do not have access or control over these third parties.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service.  The advertisers may collect and use
information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address,
IMEI, geo-location information and IP address.  They may use this information to provide
advertisements of interest to you.
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services.  After clicking on one of
these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service.  In
order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games or use our
Services, and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in this section,
you consent to us and our advertising partners collecting and using information about you
to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you
relevant third party ads in our games.
How We Use Information
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or
disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information
to:
create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
identify and suggest connections with other Codex7 Entertainment users;
operate and improve our Service;
understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment
using our Service;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
provide and deliver products and services you request;
send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices,
updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other
news about products and services offered by Codex7 Entertainment and our
selected partners;
enable you to communicate with other users; and
link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help
understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Disclosure of Your information
Codex7 Entertainment does not share your personal information except as approved by you
or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information
with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate
privacy policies.  If you no longer wish to allow us to share your information with
third parties, please contact us contact@codex7.cn.  If you no longer wish to receive
such communications from third parties, please contact that third party directly.
Codex7 Entertainment may engage other companies and individuals to perform
services on our behalf.  Example of these services include analyzing data and
providing customer support.  These agents and service providers may have access to
your personal information in connection with the performance of services for
Codex7 Entertainment.
We may release your information as permitted by law, such as to comply with a
subpoena, or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law;
investigate fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights; or
protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others.  This includes
exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Codex7 Entertainment may share your information in connection with any merger,
sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to
another company.  You will be notified via email and/or notice on our site of any
change in ownership or users of your personal information.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers,
publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Changes to the Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we
make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified
in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy
practices.
Security
Codex7 Entertainment takes reasonable measures to protect your information from
unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a
secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the
absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our
systems.  Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and
systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers"
from illegally obtaining access to this information.  We do not warrant or represent that
your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure,
however.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Access to Personal Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct,
update, or delete inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by
contacting us at contact@codex7.cn. We will respond to your access request within 30 days.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide
you services.  If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your
information to provide you services, contact us at contact@codex7.cn.  We will retain and
use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes,
and enforce our agreements.
Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of
13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service.  If you are under 13, please do not
send any information about yourself to us ,including your name, address, telephone number,
or email address.  No one under the age of 13 may provide
any personal information.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal
information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as
possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the
age of 13, please contact us at contact@codex7.cn.
International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other
third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or
jurisdictions around the world. Please note that these countries and jurisdictions may not
have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction, and we take steps to ensure
adequate safeguards are in place to enable transfer of information to the U.S. and
elsewhere and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal
information, as described in this Policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at contact@codex7.cn.