Games Feat Privacy Policy
GAMES FEAT PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 19-09-2018
Games Feat respects the privacy of its users. You have the right to know about how we gather and use the information that you provide via our games. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access that information.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our games, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth. You agree to the collection of your personal information and/or non-personal information and if you do not, then you may not be able to play our games.
COLLECTION OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-personal information includes anonymous usage data tied to the user’s device (e.g. actions, user takes within and outside the game, the date and time of use of the game, game progress, play time, scores and achievements, the URLs that user visited and/or apps the user used before and after using our game). Some information may be collected through third-party services. They may collect non-personal information from the user.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information specifically identifies the user personally and/or can be used to contact the user online or offline (e.g. full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geo location information, credit card information and, in some cases, user name). Games Feat is committed to complying with the Children Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). The company does not collect personal identifiable information from children below 13. We do not request that children provide us with personally identifiable information.
USE AND DISCLOSURE INFORMATION
We will not use or disclose personal information about our users otherwise than for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to them, for any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, for any other purpose authorized by law, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorized by you. We will, wherever possible, maintain personal information in strict confidence. Any disclosure that is required to be made to any third-party will be made primarily for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS PROVIDERS
We show third party advertisements (Admob, Chartboost, etc.) within our apps. These ads and services are not under the control of Games Feat who is therefore not responsible for the availability or content of such external sites or services
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info.gamesfeat@gmail.com