PRIVACY POLICY – Paper Bunker
Přeskočit na obsah
Czech Republic
info@paperbunker.cz
About Us
NEWSLETTER
PRIVACY POLICY
About Us
NEWSLETTER
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Indie Game Studio located in Czech Republic
Effective date: June 01, 2019
Your privacy is important to us. It is Paper Bunker s.r.o.’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you through our apps.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Apps to you.
Types of Data Collected
Sensitive Data:
We do not collect sensitive information about you.
Personally identifiable Data:
Our Games collect certain non-sensitive, data as outlined in this privacy policy. Some of this information is automatically gathered, and could be considered personally identifiable in certain circumstances, however it will generally always be anonymised, and never sold or shared.
Personally identifiable data will only otherwise be actively collected in very specific circumstances, such as if you contact us directly.
Use of Data
Data collected for Advertising:
Because many of our Apps are free-to-play, we periodically display in-game advertising by third parties to generate revenue. In order to display relevant advertising (also known as ‘interest based advertising’) and measure performance of advertising campaigns we have implemented several ad-networks within the game which may collect and transfer non-sensitive device information such as:
The advertisement you have viewed and if you have engaged with it;
Device make and manufacturer
Operating System
Generic geographic location, such as the city you are located in
Carrier
Language settings
IP Address
Android Advertising identifier or Apple Identifier for Advertisers.
Data collected for Analytics:
We have implemented Analytics tools to help us understand how our Apps are being used in order to help us improve our Apps and plan for future app releases. For example we use Flurry Analytics and Google Analytics to keep track of how many players are engaging with our App, player progress, any in-app purchases, as well as device type, operating system, language settings, play session lengths and broad geographic information like your country and city.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Firebase
Privacy Policy
Facebook
Privace Policy
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through App settings.
Advertising
We also may use third-party Service Providers to display third party advertisements.
Chartboost
Privacy Policy
UnityAds
Privacy Policy
Applovin
Privacy Policy
If you would like to opt-out of interest based advertising, we recommend following the below steps.
Apple devices:
Follow the steps outlined on this
Apple support page
Android devices:
Navigate to the Google settings App, select Ads and then choose to reset your Android Ad ID or opt-out of personalized ads.
For
UnityAds
follow the steps outlined here
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Disclosure Of Data
We do not share personal information that directly identifies you (such as your name, e-mail or postal address) with third parties for their own use without your consent, unless it is either required by law or we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our rights, property or operations or to protect our players or third parties. We may share anonymous or aggregated information, or other data that does not directly identify you, with third parties, for instance your persona and game stats on leaderboards or to show trends about use of our App.
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. By using our App, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
Children’s Privacy
If you permit your child to use one of our Apps, you should disable in-app purchases on your phone and actively monitor your child’s use. You should also familiarise yourself with this privacy policy, as by permitting your child to use our App you consent to this privacy policy on their behalf. If you don’t agree, please do not permit your child to use our App.
We do not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 13 without the permission of their parent/guardians. If you believe that we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental/guardian consent or delete the information.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted here. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email:
info@paperbunker.cz
Ostrava, Czech Republic
info@paperbunker.cz
Paper Bunker s.r.o.
©  2024 Paper Bunker. Vytvořeno pomocí WordPress a
Highlight Theme