Privacy policy
Privacy policy
At Airline Manager 4 ("hereby referred to as AM4"), accessible through facebook, android, steam or iOS, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our users.
This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by AM4 and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at privacy@xombat.dk
Which data do we collect
In Airline Manager 4 ("AM4") we will collect and store your email address.
We will only use your email address for login purposes and game news updates, and we will never share your email with any third parties.
Your email address will be safely stored on our servers.
Data deletion
At any time all data that we may have collected about you (other than you email address we only collect anonymous usage data), can be deleted by going to the settings page, and using the "reset airline" feature.
By resetting, all data will be deleted.
You can also request the deletion of data by contacting privacy@xombat.dk.
Log Files
AM4 follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics.
The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, AM4 uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
AM4 stores your selected language and login in a cookie on your device, and only use cookies when it can help you get a better and faster game experience. We do not use cookies for any purpose besides this.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of AM4.
AM4 does not use affiliate ad networks, and provides a 100% ad free service. Therefore we do not share any information with third parties.
Your access to your service is based on a login provided by either facebook or google. If you want to know more about their usage of your data, please consult their respective privacy policies
AM4's Privacy Policy only applies to our service
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. However, please note that our service may no longer be available if you choose to do so.
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
AM4 does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our service, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our service with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in AM4.
This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Contact
Requests regarding our privacy and data usage can be directed to privacy@xombat.dk