Privacy Policy – Miksumortti | Miksumortti
Menu
Home
Games
Racing Game [WIP]
Spin-Tops
News
About
Privacy Policy – Miksumortti
Last Updated 21.1.2023
The terms “App” or “Service” are used to refer all applications, and related activies, developed by Miksumortti, which display or link to this Privacy Policy. Miksumortti (“we”, “us”, “our”, “Miksumortti”) is a sole propietorship registered in Finland focused on developing games and software. This Privacy Policy statement (“Privacy Policy”, “Policy”) explains our policies about the collection, use, and disclosure of User Data and/or Sensitive Information between Miksumortti, the user (“Data Subject”, “you”, “your”) and certain third party service providers (Data Controllers and/or Data Processors) through the use of the Services. If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information as explained in this policy. The information that we, or third party service providers, collect is used for providing and improving the Apps. We will not use or share the information in other ways than described in this Privacy Policy.
1. Types of Information Collected
While using our Apps, we don’t store any of your data on our servers but third party service providers may collect certain information about you or your device, including but not limited to device Advertising Identifier. The information collected will be used as described in this Privacy Policy and privacy policies of third party service providers.
1.1 Information That Is Collected Automatically
The Apps use third party services that may automatically collect information within the limits of the permissions granted to the App. This may include your IP address, ISP, unique Advertising Identifier, device details such as make and model, and, with your consent, data on how you interact with the Apps or ads presented in them.
2. How The Information Is Used
Information may be collected for reasons such as:
• To operate and/or improve our Apps and Services
• To provide functionality such as leaderboards and achievements
• To display ads that are more relevant
• To get statistics on the usage of our Apps
The third party ad providers may use your device Advertising Identifier and other data to either provide targeted/personalised ads based on data associated to the Identifier, or in case of opt-out of personalised ads, to respect your choice and show non personalised ads. The privacy policies of third party service providers explain how they use the data which is transmitted to them through the use of the Apps. Here are links to the policies of third party service providers, which act as Data Processors or Data Controllers of the data from the Apps:
Google
(
Advertising
and Google Play Games Services);
Unity
;
Startapp
These listed providers are GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) compliant, committed to protecting and using your data responsibly. To access or request deletion of the data the third party providers may have from you, or opt-out of ad personalisation, please consult the mentioned privacy policies where you can find further details. For users in the European Economic Area (EEA) the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) apply fully, and consent to the collection of the data is asked when using the Apps. For changing the choice, the consent setting can be accessed any time from settings/options of the Apps.
3. How the Information Is Shared
As noted earlier, the collected data is shared with third party service providers to provide game related functionality and advertising. But in the rare case of any additonal disclosure is required by either a law or regulation, or to defend our legal rights, the information may be shared with a regulatory authority, court of law, or competent law enforcement body. And with your request to any other applicable parties. The country of transferring or processing of the data may be other than your country of residence.
4. Legal Basis for Processing Data
Data will be collected and/or processed only if at least one of the following applies
• The data subject has given consent to the processing of their data for one or more specific purposes.
• Processing for compliance with a legal obligation.
• Processing in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another person.
• Processing for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by any of the data controllers, except if such interests are overridden by the interests or rights of the data subject.
5. Links to Other Sites
The Apps may contain links to other sites, through advertisements or links to social platforms. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to external sites which are not operated by us, and we have no control of them and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services not explicitly related to our Apps.
6. Limitations to Applicability
The Privacy Policy applies only to Apps downloaded from official distribution sources, which are Google Play Store and our website (miksumortti.com). Any App files on third party hosting sites, such as .apk application packages, are not maintained by us, thus cannot be guaranteed to be unaltered/original and enforcing this policy.
7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right update our Privacy Policy to comply with all applicable legal requirements or to address changes to our Services. These changes are effective after they are posted on this page and if you continue to use our Apps, you agree to the new privacy policy. The last update date at the top of this policy will be revised accordingly.
8. Contact Us
Please note that third party service providers may be data controllers of your information instead of Miksumortti, so refer to their privacy policies as linked in chapter 2.
For questions regarding our Privacy Policy you can contact us at:
Latest Games
Racing Game [WIP]
August 4, 2013
Spin-Tops
August 6, 2012
Latest Posts
New Website!
August 9, 2013
Miksumortti
Home
Games
News
About