Conditions générales de vente et d’utilisation
Terms
of use of Maze!
effective as from 10/28/2021
ARTICLE 1. PARTIES
These
general conditions establishes relations between
Opena
,
SIREN
n° 884094723, registered office:
Hameau
de
Creullet
, 14480
Creully
, hereinafter referred to as «
Opena
», and ANYONE, downloading Maze!,
hereinafter referred to as «
User
».
ARTICLE 2. DEFINITIONS
«
Maze!
»
:
software
published by Opena available by download from the store for use on mobile
devices such as tablets and smartphones.
«
Virtual Good
»: virtual goods and
improvements can be purchased directly from Maze! or on the Store.
«
Store
»
:
platform
where any User can buy and download apps.
ARTICLE 3. SCOPE
Opena
offers the User to download Maze! from the Store.
Downloading
and using Maze! is free.
Access
to Maze!
implies agreement by the User upon these terms and conditions. The
User acknowledges having read, understood and accepted these Terms without
restriction.
ARTICLE 4. SERVICES DESCRIPTION
4.1 Download and install Maze!
4.1.1
Download Maze! from the Store
The
User can acquire Maze! on the Store. He must select it on the Store and click
on the button provided for this purpose. The ordering process on the Store is
governed by the terms of the publisher's Store.
4.2 Purchases of virtual objects
Using Maze!
is free, however, Users have the option to buy virtual objects directly in Maze!.
The acquisition of these virtual objects is not necessary to use Maze! but allows
access to specific options.
ARTICLE 5. USER’S
OBLIGATIONS
5.1
Code of conduct
The User agrees to use Maze! as a prudent
administrator and use the information on Maze! for its own needs and only for
the purposes described in these terms.
User commits himself to create, by use of Level
Editor, no pseudonyms or Levels which may:
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
causing disruption or publishing content that is
contrary to public policy or accepted principles of morality or that may be
unsuitable for minors;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
any infringement whatsoever of laws relating to reputation, privacy, image
and third party rights;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
any denigrating or defamatory
behaviour
, or
causing damage to the image or reputation of a brand or of any natural person
or legal entity, in any way whatsoever;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
publishing content of a pornographic or
paedophilic
nature;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
compromising the security or integrity of a country or territory, whatever
its nature;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
allowing third parties to obtain pirated software, software serial numbers,
or any software that may cause damage or compromise, in any way whatsoever, the
rights and property of third parties;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
any infringement of the intellectual property rights of any person
whatsoever;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
inciting hate, violence, suicide, racism, anti-Semitism, xenophobia or
homophobia, or
apologising
for war crimes or crimes
against humanity;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
inciting crime, offences or acts of terrorism;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
inciting discrimination against a person or group of persons owing to their
ethnicity, religion, race, sexual orientation or disability.
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
advocating any questionable or fraudulent practices;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
creating hyperlinks or advertising or promoting a company, brand, site,
blog or forum;
<![if !supportLists]>
·
<![endif]>
using
the Site for professional or commercial purposes;
Any illegal or unauthorized use of Maze! will lead to
immediate deletion of User account, possible lawsuit by Opena, including claim
for damages.
5.2 User’s
Statement
User acknowledges, prior to his signature of those
Terms, being informed of
Maze!’s
technical
specifications.
Consequently, User declares that services provided by
Opena are fulfilling his needs, that he has full knowledge of contents and
execution conditions of those services and that he subscribed them with full
knowledge of the facts, disposing of all information necessary for his free
consent.
5.3
Use of Maze!
Each processing, transmission, publication, diffusion or
representation of Maze! by User are done under his sole and full responsibility.
The User agrees to process, distribute, download, or transmit through Maze!
only data which exploitation does not violate any intellectual or industrial
property or other proprietary right, or does not constitute a criminal offense.
The User also agrees not to disrupt or interfere with Maze!
and Opena servers and to comply with the requirements, procedures, general
rules that are provided by Opena for proper implementation of Maze!.
Accordingly, the User warrants Opena against any
damage that may be caused to it due to its use of Maze!, Including potential
legal and procedural fees, and undertakes to intervene in any proceedings
initiated in against him because of his use of Maze!.
ARTICLE 6.
PRICES - PAYMENT
6.1 Prices of virtual goods
The
applicable prices are those displayed in Maze! and/or on the Store on the day
of order. Opena may amend these prices at any time. The prices displayed are
applicable only on the day of order and have no effect on future pricing.
6.2 Terms of payment
The User
performs its regulation on the store with the bank details provided during
registration.
Opena
does not have access to data relating to payment of the User.
ARTICLE 7. CONSUMER RIGHTS
7.1 Customer service
Customer
Service is available by email:
contact@opena.fr
or by postal mail to the registered address of Opena referred to in article 1
of these conditions.
Opena
undertakes to respond
to e-mails and letters
within 15 days.
7.2 Right of withdrawal
According
to the law, the User consumer has a period of seven days to exercise his right
of withdrawal without having to give reasons or pay penalties, except, where
appropriate, the costs of return. The consumer may waive this deadline if it
could not move simultaneously and where he would need to call for an immediate
and necessary living conditions delivery. In this case, continues to exercise
his right of withdrawal without having to give reasons or pay charges.
The period
mentioned in the preceding paragraph shall run from the receipt of the goods or
the acceptance of the offer for services. When the seven-day period expires on
a Saturday, Sunday or a holiday, it is extended until the next business day.
When the
right of withdrawal is exercised, the trader shall reimburse the consumer of
all sums paid as soon as possible and no later than thirty days following the
date on which the right was exercised. In addition, the amount due is, as of
right bear interest at the legal rate. This reimbursement shall be made by any
form of payment. On a proposal of the professional, the consumer who has
exercised his right of withdrawal may, however, opt for another method of
reimbursement.
The right
of withdrawal cannot be exercised for service contracts whose performance has
begun before the end of the period of seven days.
ARTICLE 8.
INFORMATION SYSTEMS
AND DATA PROTECTION
8.1
CNIL declaration - Responsibility
for processing
The Opena file
comprising the Users' personal information is subject to a declaration
submitted to the CNIL (French national information systems and liberties
commission) under No 1713879.
8.2
Optional provision of information
Users are
at liberty to decide whether they wish to provide their personal information.
8.3
Mandatory provision of information
for registration
In order
to register Users, Opena must obtain certain personal information concerning
Users. Users who do not wish to provide the information required for registration
will be unable to use Maze!.
8.4
Compliance
with the reasons for which personal information is collected
The
personal information collected is processed by computer and is held exclusively
by Opena. The information collected is required in order for the Site to
operate correctly and to ensure that Opena is able to meet its contractual
obligations. The information is stored by Opena exclusively for this purpose. Opena
undertakes to refrain from using the information in any other context and from
passing it on to third parties, unless expressly agreed with the User or in
certain cases laid down by the law. The personal information collected shall
not be sent abroad.
8.5
Right to access, amend and
contradict
Contact details
of all Users who downloaded Maze! is stored for 6 months, this being a
reasonable duration with respect to good management of Maze! and normal use of
information. This information is stored in secure conditions, in accordance
with current technical best practices and in compliance with the provisions of
the French Information Systems and Data Protection Act of 6 January 1978.
In
accordance with this law, the User has a right to access, examine, contradict
and amend the information that it has provided. To do so, the Member must send
a request to Opena by e-mail at
cnil.opena@gmail.com
or by post to
Opena's
registered office at the address given in Article 1 of these general
conditions.
ARTICLE 9. LIABILITIES
9.1 Nature of obligations of Opena
Opena is
committed to providing care and necessary diligence for the provision of
quality services in accordance with the specifications of these terms. Opena
responds only to an obligation of means regarding the services subject matter
hereof.
9.2 Force majeure – Users' negligence
Opena shall
not be liable in the event of force majeure or negligence on the part of Internet
Users, as defined hereunder:
9.2.1
Force majeure
Opena
shall not be liable with respect to Users in the event of force majeure,
defined for the purposes of these general conditions as any impediment,
limitation or disruption to service as a result of fire, epidemic, explosion,
earthquake, fluctuations in bandwidth, failings attributable to Internet access
Partners, failure of the transmission network, equipment failure, illegal or
fraudulent use of passwords, codes or references provided to the User, computer
piracy, security breach attributable to our servers hosting system or
developers, flood, power failure, war, embargo, laws, injunctions, requests or
orders from any government, judicial orders, strike, boycott, or other
circumstances outside the reasonable control of Opena. In such circumstances, Opena
will be released from meeting its obligations to the extent of the impediment,
limitation or disruption.
9.2.2 Users'
negligence
Opena
shall not be liable with respect to Users in the event of the latter's
negligence, defined for the purposes of these general conditions as any misuse
of Maze!, misconduct, negligence, omission or failure on the part of the User
or his/her representatives, failure to heed the advice given by Opena, any
disclosure or illegal use of passwords, codes or references provided to the
User, the entry of erroneous information or the failure to update information
via the User account. The User shall also be deemed to be at fault in the event
that any technical process, such as bots or automatic queries, is implemented
that may contravene the letter or spirit of these general conditions.
9.3
Technical
problems - Hyperlinks
In the
event that it is not possible to access the online content, owing to technical
problems of any kind, Users shall not be entitled to any damages or
compensation. The unavailability of one or more online services, even for
extended or undefined periods of time, shall not constitute a prejudice to
Users and shall under no circumstances give rise to damages being granted by Opena.
Hyperlinks present in Maze! may lead to other Internet sites. Opena may not be
held liable if the content of these sites contravenes prevailing legislation.
Similarly, Opena may not be held liable if prejudice is caused to an User as a
result of visiting any of these sites.
9.4
Damages
payable by
Opena
In the
absence of legal or regulatory provisions to the contrary,
Opena’s
liability is limited to direct, personal and certain prejudice suffered by the
User and related to the fault in question. Under no circumstances may Opena be
held liable for indirect damages such as loss of data, commercial loss, loss of
orders, damage to brand image, commercial disruption or loss of profit or
customers. Similarly and within the same limits, no damages can be charged to Open.
ARTICLE 10.
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY
10.1 Maze! contents
The content
(text, images, diagrams, etc.), structure and software implemented in order to
operate Maze! are protected by copyright and database rights. Any
representation or reproduction, in whole or in part, carried out without the
consent of Opena or its successors or assignees shall constitute a violation of
Books I and III of the French Intellectual Property Code and shall be liable to
give rise to legal proceedings. The same shall apply to translation,
adaptation, transformation, rearrangement or reproduction via any technique or
process whatsoever.
10.2
License on Maze!
Opena
offers the User to download from Maze! Store. Downloading Maze! is free. In
this context, Opena grants the User a non-exclusive end-user license for Maze!.
The License is granted for the world and for all languages. The license only
covers the right to reproduce Maze!, solely for downloading Maze! and scripts,
as well as the right to use Maze!, excluding:
• reproduction
for the marketing, circulation, the rebroadcast, distribution, Maze!
publication or Maze! installation on another computer than the User’s;
• any
representation of Maze!, even partial, including through online public
communications or public projections;
• any
translation, adaptation, arrangement or modification of Maze! and any export or
merge with other computer applications.
• any
compilation,
decompilation
, disassembly, translation,
analysis, reverse engineering Maze!.
The
rights to use Maze! are personal and not transferable. The rights granted to
the User are exclusively for a single User, for his own purposes, to the
exclusion of any form of supply to third parties, even a subsidiary company or
a member of a group of law or fact. The User may not transfer all or part of
the rights and obligations under this contract, either as part of the material
existence of rights covered by this license.
ARTICLE 11. GENERAL PROVISIONS
11.1 Applicable law
These
general conditions are governed by French law.
11.2
Amendments
to these general conditions
These
general conditions may be amended by Opena at any time. The general conditions
applicable to an User are those in force on the day that he/she is using Maze!.
By using Maze!, the User is deemed to have accepted the new general conditions
where applicable.
11.3
Amicable
settlement
of disputes
With the
exception of public policy provisions, any disputes that may arise from the
application of these general conditions must be submitted to Opena prior to
launching legal proceedings, with a view to reaching an amicable settlement.
11.4
Entirety
In the
event that a clause of this contract is deemed null and void, the remaining
clauses of the contract or the contract as a whole shall not be considered null
and void and shall remain in full force and effect. In such a case, the parties
must, as far as is possible, replace the annulled clause by a valid clause that
corresponds to the spirit and objectives of these general conditions.
11.5
Non-waiver
In the
event that Opena chooses not to exercise its rights as set out in these general
conditions, under no circumstances shall this be interpreted as a waiver of its
entitlement to exercise the said rights.