Privacy Policy l GGlobal
Home
Publisher
Advertiser
Mobile App
About
Our Story
Careers
Contact
Resources
Ad Formats
Blog
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Effective date: 01 June 2023
GGlobal, operates the www.global.ad website, which provides an overview on advertising services that GGlobal offers.
At GGlobal website, accessible at www.global.ad, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by GGlobal website and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at
[email protected]
.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at www.global.ad, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collect information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Advertising and other services
To provide the Service on our behalf
To perform related services or
To assist us in analyzing how our Advertising and other services is used.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on GGlobal website, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Please note that GGlobal website has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Security
We value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our website may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
GGlobal website does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact us.
You build content, we monetize it.
We make ad monetization smarter and mind-free for publishers.
Solutions
Publisher
Advertiser
Mobile App
Company
About Us
Career
Contact Us
Blog
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Copyright ©
©
GGlobal
. All rights reserved.