Privacy Policy — Call Of Guns
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy
												Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Effective date: August 31, 2022
Personal Data
Action shooting games («us», «we», or «our») operates the website and the Call Of Guns
								mobile application (the «Services»). This page informs you of our policies regarding the
								collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Services and the
								choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the
								Services. By using the Services, you agree to the collection and use of information in
								accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used
								in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use We collect several different types of information for
								various purposes to provide and improve our Services to you.
Types of Data Collected
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally
								identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you («Personal Data»).
								Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
— Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
— Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Services
								or when you access the Services by or through a mobile device («Usage Data»).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address
								(e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that you
								visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device
								identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Services by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include
								information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the
								IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile
								Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Services
								and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique
								identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device.
								Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track
								information and to improve and analyze our Services.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being
								sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
								our Services.
Examples of Cookies we use:
— Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Services.
— Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various
								settings.
— Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
We use the collected data for various purposes:
— To provide and maintain the Services
— To notify you about changes to our Services
— To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to
								do so
— To provide customer care and support
— To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
— To monitor the usage of the Services
— To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on —
								computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental
								jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your
								jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Russian Federation and choose to provide information to us,
								please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Russian Federation
								and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information
								represents your agreement to that transfer.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely
								and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will
								take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place
								including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary
								to:
— To comply with a legal obligation
— To protect and defend the rights or our property
— To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Services
— To protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public
— To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission
								over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to
								use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its
								absolute security.
Services Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services («Services
								Providers»), to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Services-related services
								or to assist us in analyzing how our Services is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our
								behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Services Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Services.
Appmetrica
Appmetrica is a web analytics services offered by Yandex that tracks and reports website
								traffic. Yandex uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Services.
								This data is shared with other Yandex services.
Links To Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click
								on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly
								advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or
								practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services does not address anyone under the age of 13 («Children»).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age
								of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided
								us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected
								Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to
								remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by
								posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Services, prior to the
								change becoming effective and update the «effective date» at the top of this Privacy
								Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to
								this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email:
								papakostaki.gplay@gmail.com
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2021 Call Of Guns.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use