Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated: April 2021
'Hot Siberians' ('we', 'us') cares about your privacy. This Privacy Policy provides information on how we collect, process and protect your personal data in all our operations, as well as your rights regarding such data.
We only collect and process personal data to such an extent that is necessary for our business operations and for providing and developing our mobile game applications and websites (our 'Services').
We use your data to provide our Services, to communicate with you, to provide customer support and for game development purposes. This helps us to understand our customers better and to create better experiences for you in the future. We also send some of your data to third parties when you choose to watch an advert in our games. These third parties may use it for marketing purposes, including targeted advertising. Working with advertising networks in this manner allows us to continue to offer our games to you free of charge.
Typically, we collect your data when you first use our Services, when you play the game and when you interact directly with us.
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to the way we handle data. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Our personal data processing operations are based on the relevant national and international regulations, adhering to the rules and principles of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, we recommend you refrain from using our Services.
If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at
rookiegamewelcome@gmail.com
.
What personal data do we collect, and why do we collect it?
Service Provision
your IDFV (device identifier for vendors). This is an internal identification used to save game progress, and it allows us to run the game effectively. This identifier is not shared with third parties, and can not be attributed to you outside of Hot Siberians.
your IDFA (device identifier for advertisers). This can be matched to you, and is used for marketing. It is shared with third parties who may use it for personalised marketing. Allowing third parties to advertise in our games allows us to offer our Services to you for free.
You can reset your IDFA in your mobile device's Settings or by following the instructions in Marketing -> Third Parties -> Resetting your IDFA. Resetting your IDFA erases all data previously associated with it, meaning you will no longer receive personalised adverts.
We collect the above information based upon your agreement with our
Terms Service
, and it ensures we can effectively provide our Services to you.
Game development and optimisation
Our passion is to create awesome mobile games that you can enjoy for many years to come. In order to continue improving the games we make, we collect analytics regarding the actions you take in the game.
We collect your device ID, device information and geolocation. This is used for in-game matchmaking, optimising the game to your device specifications and understanding how our players interact with the game so we can continuously improve it and adjust the game to your playing style. It also helps us troubleshoot any potential problems and deal with your queries efficiently.
Third Parties
Our Services use built-in advertising run by third-party advertising networks that you can choose to initiate to enhance the in-game experience. Such advertisements allow us to offer you our Services for free.
When you view an advert in the game, the advertising network receives and processes your unique Identification for Advertising (IDFA). Advertising networks use this to send you advertising. You can reset and/or disable your IDFA at any time by following the instructions below in Resetting your IDFA.
Advertising networks handle your IDFA in accordance with their respective privacy policies, which you can consult on their website. A list of the the advertising networks we typically work with is below. From time to time we may change the advertising networks we work with without updating our Privacy Policy. For a fully updated list, please email
hotsiberians@gmail.com
.
AppLovin
Apple Search Ads
Chartboost
Facebook Audience Network
Ironsource
Snapchat
Vungle
Unity Ads
Cross Install
Resetting your IDFA
Resetting your IDFA erases all data previously associated with it, meaning you will no longer receive personalised adverts.
Android
Open Google Settings
Go to 'Ads'
Tap on 'Reset Advertising ID'
Confirm the reset
You can also choose not to receive personalised advertising by opting-out of interest-based ads. Just toggle off the 'Opt-out of interest-based ads' option.
iOS
Open Settings
Go to 'Privacy'
Tap on 'Advertising'
Choose 'Reset Advertising Identifier'
You can also choose not to receive personalised advertising by opting-out of interest-based ads. Just toggle the 'Limit Ad Tracking' option on.
Own Marketing
We see the personal information your share with social networks (SNs) like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter when you interact with us on such channels. From time to time we run competitions on SNs, and when you enter competitions we may interact with you directly. If you win a competition, we will contact you via the appropriate SN to inform you that you have won and send you your prize. We do not collect, hold or retain any of this data.
To better understand how you use our websites (
https://levellab.ru/
), we collect cookies via third parties like Google Analytics and Yandex Metrika. Cookies are small amounts of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. They helps us to understand how people use the website. You can clear your browser cookies at any time in your web browser's Settings menu.
Customer communications
We see your email address when you contact our customer service team on
rookiegamewelcome@gmail.com
, and we may reply to that email address to contact you about in relation to the question asked.
Transfer of data
We use service providers in our processing activities who process data on our behalf. For example, we use service providers, fraud prevention partners, data visualisation tools and data collection partners. These networks and tools help us to keep your data secure and help us to optimise and improve our Services to deliver you better experiences.
We transfer the data we collect to servers in the United States, namely Google Cloud services. The European Union's data protection authorities have concluded that the model contract clauses of Google Cloud's services meet EU regulatory expectations. You can learn more about the EU-US Privacy Shield
here
.
The third parties we work with only have the right to process your personal data to the extent necessary for carrying out the agreed services. This means that the third party subcontractors cannot use your personal data for their own purposes. Any service provider we use is under contractual obligation to ensure data protection in all processing of your personal data.
If you would to know more specific information about the third parties we work with and how they use your data, email us at
rookiegamewelcome@gmail.com
Data Security
We have taken technical and organisational measures for protecting your personal data from loss, misuse or other similar unlawful access. These methods include, among others, use of firewalls, encryption and safe server premises.
Access to your personal data is restricted internally through access control, as well as through granting and controlling access rights. Your personal data will be processed only by such employees who have the right to do so within the scope their duties. When we send your data to third parties, they only process your data in accordance with their scope of work as set out in our agreements with such third parties.
Rights
You have the right to review the data we have collected and influence the way we use it. In certain cases you have the right to erasure or to ask for your data to be transferred to another controller. Your rights are as follows:
The right of access and right to rectification
You have the right to access the personal data we have collected about you at any time, or receive confirmation that we do not have any personal data about you in our filing systems. If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to make a request for rectification or completion of your personal data.
The right to restrict or object processing
In certain circumstances, for example if your personal data is inaccurate, you have the right to restrict its processing until we have verified the accuracy of your personal data. Further, in certain situations you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data completely. You can for example object the processing for direct marketing purposes at any time (including profiling).
The right to be forgotten
In some cases you have the right to be forgotten. We will erase all personal data we have collected if it is no longer needed for the purposes it was originally collected for. We will also erase personal data if the processing was based on consent and you decide to withdraw your consent or restrict the processing, or if there is no other reason nor grounds for the processing.
The right to transfer data from one system to another
You have the right to request the transfer your personal data. This is possible only in such cases when we process your personal data based on your consent or agreement, and applies only to such personal data you have provided us yourself.
We will provide your personal data in machine-readable format so that you can store it yourself or transfer it to another controller (e.g. another service provider). Upon your request, we will transfer the data to another controller directly if it is technically feasible.
Our policy regarding children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at
rookiegamewelcome@gmail.com
.
Data retention
We will retain your personal data as long as is needed for the purpose it was originally collected for; as long as we are legally obligated; or until we receive a request for erasure. That means that we'll hold your data for the entire life cycle of the respective mobile game application you've used as part of our Services. After this point, your personal data will either be erased completely or made anonymous by modifying them irreversibly.
Contact information
Email:
hotsiberians@gmail.com