Privacy Policy
AppCoder Studio is committed to not collecting personally identifiable or sensitive information about you. We do not ask for your full name, email address, phone number or other personally identifiable as part of gameplay. The application does collect some non-sensitive, anonymous data as outlined below:
Data collected for Advertising
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. We use device identifiers to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share such identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
Google AdMob:
Privacy Policy
Chartboost:
Privacy Policy
Google Play Services (Android devices only):
Privacy Policy
Apple Game Center (iOS devices only):
Privacy Policy
Why collect data?
By collecting data on app usage and about your device and Generic geographic location, such as the city you are located in, we are better able to integrate updates, implement device specific testing, explore localisation opportunities and make better games that are tailored to our user's needs.
When we offer our games as free-to-play, we still require the game to generate income to help fund development costs and efforts to make the best game possible. Advertising is one way we can help cover our costs, and in order to implement relevant advertising a certain amount of non-sensitive information is required by each ad network.
If you have any questions or concerns you can contact us at
contact@appcoder.hu
.