Privacy Policy MG - Magmatic
Contact
Menu
Contact
Magmatic Games – Privacy Policy
Last modified: Dec 21st, 2021
Introduction
Magmatic Games Ltd (
"Magmatic Games"
,
"we"
,
"our"
or
"us"
) develops, publishes and operates games for mobile environments (each a
"Game"
).
We also operate the website
www.magmatic.games
, its subdomains, and related features (
"Site"
, and together with the Games, collectively the
"Services"
).
Magmatic Games respects your privacy and is committed to making our practices regarding your data more transparent and fair. This Privacy Policy describes how we, in our capacity as a data controller, collect, store, use and share your Personal Data (as defined in section 1 below), and it applies whenever you visit our Site, submit information via our Site, install and play our Games, interact with us or otherwise access or use any of our Services.
Specifically, it describes our policy regarding –
Data Collection
Data Uses
Advertising Uses
Storage and Retention
Data Sharing
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Communications
Data Security
Data Subject Rights
Age Eligibility
Updates & How to contact us
Controlling version
We strongly urge you to read this Privacy Policy and make sure that you fully understand and agree to it. If you do not agree to this Privacy
Policy, please discontinue and avoid using our Services. You have the right to cease using our Services, pursuant to this Privacy Policy, at any time.
You are
not
legally required to provide us with any Personal Data, but without it we will not be able to provide you with the full range or with the best experience of using our Services.
This Privacy Policy is integrated into and forms part of the Magmatic Games
Terms and Conditions
.
1. Data Collection
We collect four main categories of data (and to the extent it may enable the identification of a specific person, or is linked to such potentially identifying data, we treat it as
"Personal Data"
):
Data automatically collected or generated
:
When someone visits, interacts with or uses our Services, including any e-mail or text messages sent to them by us or via our Services, we may collect or generate technical data about them. We collect or generate such data either independently or with the help of third party services (as detailed in Sections 3 and 5 below), including through the use of
"
cookies
"
and other tracking technologies (as further detailed in Section 6 below).
Such data consists of connectivity, technical or aggregated usage data, such as IP address, in-Game identifier, device ID, game statistics (such as number, and duration, of sessions), game preferences, unique vendor ID (e.g. IDFV), unique advertising ID (e.g. IDFA; you may reset such ID based on the operating system instructions), non-identifying data regarding a device (including brand and model), operating system (including type and version), browser or Game version, mobile carrier, locale and language settings, user activity on our Services, in-Game activity (such as game play content/product interaction and advertising data); and diagnostic data (i.e. crash data and game performance data). We do not use such data to learn a person’s true identity or contact details, but mostly to have a better understanding of how our users typically use and engage with our Services. The use of such technical and device data also helps us, and our partners, to deliver interest-based or otherwise more effective advertisements and content, to optimize our advertisement management and our users' viewing experience, and to improve the overall performance and your user experience of our Services. For more information about our advertising uses, please see Section 3 below.
Data received from you:
You may provide us Personal Data voluntarily, such as when contact us (through e-mail, or any other channel, including any support services), when you apply for a position with us via the Careers tab of our Site, when you provide us your e-mail address (such as when you sign-up to receive e-mail updates or gifts), when you participate in competitions, contests, tournaments and other promotions, when you place any purchases in any of our Games, or when you provide feedback or survey responses.
Data received from other channels
: We or our advertising partners may receive from our marketing channels general information concerning the performance of our advertising campaigns, such as the targeted age group or interests, and we or our partners may be able to link such general data to any other data in our possession (to learn more about our advertising practices, please read Section 3 below).
We may also receive access to information about you from LinkedIn if you apply for a position with via our Site, using the Sign in with LinkedIn function.
Transaction Data
: In-Game purchases will typically be processed by the relevant platform provider (e.g. Apple or Google), and we will not collect or store your financial data, e.g. your credit card numbers or bank account. We may still, however, receive your non-financial Personal Data related to the purchase, such as your name, billing address, e-mail address and the items purchased, in order to fulfill your purchase and for our accounting purposes.
2. Data Uses
Our legal basis for collecting and using your Personal Data will depend on the particular purpose for which your Personal Data is being processed, and which local laws apply to the processing of your Personal Data. However, we generally rely on the following legal bases:
"Performance of a contract" – We may process your Personal Data where it is necessary for the performance of an agreement with, or any related pre-contractual obligation owed to, you. We will use this basis for processing necessary to make the Games available to you, and to send you service communications, gifts and awards.
"
Consent
"
– In limited cases (where you choose to sign up to receive direct marketing emails, where you accept personalized advertising with our Games, or where you accept cookies on our Site), we will process your Personal Data based on your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details given in Section 11.
"Legitimate interests" – We will process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interests in maintaining and improving our Services and offerings, understanding how our Services are used, serving effective advertisements within our Games and through other channels, improving our customer service and support operations, fraud detection and protecting and securing our users, ourselves and our Services, and assessing your suitability for any position you apply for with us.
"Compliance with a legal obligation" – In limited cases we may process your Personal Data where we need to do so to comply with a legal obligation, e.g. which is set out in an applicable law, or if we receive an order from a court or regulatory body.
The purposes for which we use Personal Data are described in more detail below:
To facilitate, operate, and provide our Services. ;
To authenticate the identity of our players, and allow them access to additional features;
To provide our users with customer care, assistance and technical support services;
To further develop, customize and improve the Services and your user experience, based on common or personal preferences, experiences and difficulties;
To manage and deliver in-Game advertisements more effectively, including contextual, behavioral and interests-based advertising based on in-Game progress and activity, based on your preferences or other data available to us or to our business partners, including for re-targeting purposes;
To contact our users (via e-mail, push notifications or any other available channels) with general or personalized service-related messages (such as purchase confirmations or system maintenance notices); to contact our users with promotional messages (such as Games updates, bonuses, new features, VIP services, etc.); and to facilitate, sponsor and offer certain events and promotions;
To support and enhance our data security measures, including for the purposes of preventing and mitigating the risks of fraud, error or any illegal or prohibited activity;
To create aggregated statistical data, inferred non-personal data or anonymized or pseudonymized data (rendered non-personal), which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services;
To comply with any applicable laws and regulations; and
To consider your application for a position with us, including contacting you in relation to your application.
3. Advertising Uses
Our Games include advertising for third party services and products. We and our advertising partners use certain data about you in order to improve our advertising practices and make the ads we deliver more effective, relevant and enjoyable, including by deploying interest-based advertising, as well as targeting and ad measurement and attribution systems.
Such data includes your device advertising identifiers (e.g. IDFA or Advertising ID), to the extent available), gameplay content, user in-Game ID, product interaction data and other demographic and interests-based information that we or our advertising partners may have received from or about you, based on your consent or another legal basis (i.e., as required in order to provide you with our respective services, or based on the legitimate interests that we described in Section 2 above).
The ads we or our advertising partners deliver may be shown within our Games, our Services, or through other channels, such as third party websites and applications.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control or employees or service providers that we do not manage. Any information you provide to sites, applications or services advertised through our Services will be covered by their applicable privacy policies specified therein. Please be sure to read the privacy policies of any third-party applications, services and sites that you visit or provide permission to access your information. It is those third parties’ responsibility to protect any information you give them, so we will not be held liable for their use of your personally identifying information.
To learn more please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
How to adjust your preferences regarding interest-based advertising
If you wish to prevent the use of your device’s advertising ID or other identifiers for interest-based advertising, you may change your device settings to reset such advertising ID or opt-out of such advertising (typically, this is available under the
"
Privacy
"
or
"
Ads
"
section in your device settings).
If you live in the USA, Canada or Europe, you can also opt-out from the collection of your data by our advertising partners who participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance, by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices (for US users), www.youradchoices.ca/choices (for Canadian users), www.youronlinechoices.eu (for European users).
Please note that if you reset your advertising ID or opt-out of interest based advertising, you may still see advertisements in our Games, or on any other channels, but those ads will not be targeted based on the above mentioned identifiers. For example, such ads may be instead based on context, such as your progress and actions in the Games, or your language preferences. Please note that such actions may result in a less enjoyable user experience.
Aggregated and analytical information
As noted in Section 2 above, we may use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they may use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our Cookie Policy).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics and we may use additional or other analytics tools, from time to time. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies.
Google Products:
Google uses technologies such as cookies in order to track and analyse the use of our Site and/or an SDK to serve ads within our Games. To learn more about how Google processes data, we recommend you review Google’s policies located at: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. For additional information, please see Google Analytics’ opt-out web tool available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. For additional information regarding the data which Google SDK processes and stores see:
https://support.google.com/adm...
We use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information and may share it with our partners or service providers for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy, because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that can be associated with you.
4. Storage and Retention
Your Personal Data may be maintained, processed, accessed and stored by Magmatic Games and our authorized affiliates, Service Providers (as defined below in Section 5) and business partners in and from the United States of America, Israel and other jurisdictions, as necessary for the proper delivery of our Services, or as may be required by law.
While privacy laws may vary between jurisdictions, Magmatic Games has taken reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is treated by its affiliates and Service Providers in a secure and lawful manner, and in accordance with common industry practices, regardless of any lesser legal requirements that may apply in their jurisdiction. Where we transfer Personal Data of UK or EEA users to countries outside the UK or EEA which are not considered by the UK authorities or European Commission to offer adequate protection, we generally make such transfers subject to specific data transfer agreements approved for use in the UK or EEA which give Personal Data the same protection it has in the UK or EEA, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses. You can contact us using the details in Section 11 to find out more about these safeguards.
We retain your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary in order to maintain and expand our relationship, and to provide you with our Services. In other words, we will retain your Personal Data for as long as you remain our user and have not notified us otherwise – this is to ensure that you can return to, and continue to enjoy, our Services at any time. We will take reasonable measures to delete your Personal Data if you delete your account. We may however retain your Personal Data for legal and accounting purposes (i.e. as required by laws applicable to record and bookkeeping, and in order to have proof and evidence concerning our relationship, should any legal issues arise following your discontinuance of use), in accordance with our Data Retention Policy. If you have any questions about our Data Retention Policy, please contact us at
support@traveltowngame.com
.
Please note that except as required by applicable law, we will not be obligated to retain your data for any particular period, and are free to securely delete it for any reason and at any time, with or without notice to you.
5. Data Sharing
We may share your data with certain third parties, including law enforcement agencies, our service providers and our affiliates. The main circumstances in which we share data are summarized below:
Compliance with Laws, Legal Orders and Authorities
: We may disclose or allow government and law enforcement officials access to certain Personal Data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or court order (or similar requirement), or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including for national security purposes. Such disclosure or access may occur with or without notice to you, if we have a good faith belief that we are legally compelled to do so, or that disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing.
Service Providers and Business Partners
: We may engage selected third party companies, contractors and individuals to perform services complementary to our own (e.g. hosting services, data analytics services, marketing agencies and advertising services and tools, data and cyber security services, fraud detection and prevention services, payment processing services, customer support partners, external moderators and testers, user engagement services, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording, and our business, legal, financial and compliance advisors) (collectively,
"Service Providers"
). These Service Providers may have access to your Personal Data, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in facilitating and complementing our Services, and may only use it for such purposes.
Third Party Integrations:
The Services allow you integrate with certain third party services, such as in order to place purchases, in which case you will be bound by the terms and conditions and privacy notices of said third parties (e.g., Apple or Google) – so please make sure that you read and accept them in advance. We do not receive or store your passwords for any of these third party services.
Protecting Rights and Safety
: We may share your Personal Data with others, with or without notice to you, if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Magmatic Games, any of our users or any members of the general public.
Magmatic Games Affiliated Companies
: We may share Personal Data internally within our family of companies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, should Magmatic Games or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all of its assets, your Personal Data may be shared with the parties involved in such event. If we believe that such change in control might materially affect your Personal Data then stored with us, we will notify you of this event and the choices you may have via e-mail and/or prominent notice on our Services. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your Personal Data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy.
For the removal of doubt, Magmatic Games may share your Personal Data in additional manners, pursuant to your explicit approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered such data non-personal and anonymous. We may transfer, share or otherwise use non-personal data in our sole discretion and without the need for further approval.
6. Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Our Services and some of our Service Providers utilize
"
cookies
"
, anonymous identifiers and other tracking technologies (collectively,
"Tracking Technologies"
) which help us provide and improve our Services, personalize your experience and monitor the performance of our activities and campaigns, as well as the usage of our Games and Services as a whole.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of Our Site may become inaccessible or not function properly. To learn more please visit our Cookie Policy.
7. Communications
Service Communications
: We may contact you with important information regarding our Services. For example, we may notify you (through any of the means available to us) of changes or updates to our Services, billing issues, etc. You will not be able to opt-out of receiving such service communications.
Promotional Communications
: If you have signed up to receive such communications from us, we may also notify you about new services, events and special opportunities or any other information we think you will find valuable. We may provide such notices through any of the contact means available to us (e.g. phone, mobile or e-mail), through the Services, or through our marketing campaigns on any other sites or platforms.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to receiving such promotional communications at any time. You can do this by e-mailing us at
support@traveltowngame.com
or by following the
"
unsubscribe
"
,
"
stop
"
or
"
change e-mail preferences
"
instructions in the promotional communications you receive.
8. Data Security
In order to protect your Personal Data held with us and our Service Providers, we use industry-standard physical, procedural and electronic security measures, including encryption where deemed appropriate, to prevent your Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your Personal Data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your Personal Data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. However, please be aware that regardless of any security measures used, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of any Personal Data stored with us or with any third parties as described in Section 4 above.
9. Data Subject Rights
In case we process Personal Data about you and if you are a UK or EU resident or the resident of another jurisdiction that affords you with the below rights you:
have the right to know what Personal Data we maintain about you;
may, at any time, access, correct, request deletion, request restriction of our processing of your Personal Data, object to the processing of your Personal Data, or withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Data, as set by applicable law.
Please note that if you ask us to delete or restrict how we use or process your Personal Data, subject to applicable law, we may not be able to provide you with all of our Services and customer support or the quality of the Services may be diminished;
may ask to transfer your Personal Data in accordance with your right to data portability; and
have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affecting you.
If you exercise one (or more) of the above-mentioned rights in accordance with the provisions of applicable law, or any other right that you may have under applicable law, we will, to the extent required, instruct third parties that hold your Personal Data, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, to act accordingly.
If you wish to exercise your rights under applicable law (e.g. the UK GDPR or the EU GDPR) please contact us at
support@traveltowngame.com
. If you reside in the EU you may also contact our EU representative at
support@traveltowngame.com
.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
If you wish to manage the information we receive about you from a third-party application or platform where you play our Games, such as Apple or Google, please follow the third-party application’s instructions for updating your information and changing your privacy settings.
You have the right to file complaints with a data protection supervisory authority. For EU residents, you can find details of your national supervisory authority via this link https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en. UK residents can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office via this link https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach your data protection supervisory authority, so please contact us in the first instance.
10. Age eligibility
All Games and Services are available only to individuals who are sixteen (16) years of age or over.
We reserve the right to request proof of age
or parental consent at any stage. We may block users whom we suspect are under the applicable age. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors and do not wish to do so. If we learn that a minor is using the Services or playing any of our Games, we may prohibit and block such use and will make all efforts to promptly delete any Personal Data stored with us with regard to such minor.
If you believe that we might have any such data, please contact us at
support@traveltowngame.com
.
11. Updates; How to Contact Us
Updates and amendments
: We may update and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an amended version on our Services. The amended version will be effective as of the published effective date. We will provide an advance notice if any substantial changes are involved, via any of the communication means available to us, or on the Services. After this notice period, all amendments shall be deemed accepted by you. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the new or modified Privacy Policy, you are required to stop using the Services.
Questions, Concerns or Complaints
: If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or if you have any concerns regarding your Privacy, please contact us at
support@traveltowngame.com
.
If you reside in the EU you may also contact our EU representative at
support@traveltowngame.com
.
12. Controlling Version
The Privacy Policy has been drafted in the English language, which is the original and controlling version of this Privacy Policy. All translations of this Privacy Policy into other languages shall be solely for convenience and shall not control the meaning or application of this Privacy Policy. In the event of any discrepancy between the meanings of any translated versions of the Privacy Policy and the English language version, the meaning of the English language version shall prevail. Where an addendum to this Privacy Policy applies to a specific geographical region, that addendum will control the application of this Privacy Policy for all users in the specified region.
Contact Us
Follow us on
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Magmatic Games Ltd 2022 ©