Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“this Policy”) sets out how we, SELECT BOTTON Inc. (we”, “our”, or “us”), collect, use and handle personal information obtained from you (“User Information”) in connection with your use of our applications titled Survive! Mola Mola! (“the Applications”). We use commercially reasonable efforts to protect and handle User Information properly by complying with this Policy, the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (the “Act”) and other relevant laws and regulations.
Article 1 (Definition)
For the purposes of this Policy, User Information means personal information as defined in Paragraph 1 under Article 2 of the Act (“Personal Information”) and the same shall apply hereinafter. User Information includes but is not limited to any information that enables Users to be identifiable directly or indirectly, any history of user activities associated with communication services, other information created or accumulated in your devices, and any information collected by us and/or affiliated or partnership corporations (“Partners”) while providing the partnership services.
Article 2 (User Information Collected in Our Applications)
We may collect information pertaining to your access logs and your methods of using the Applications. The following information shall be included in such information.
(a)	Information about devices
We may collect information pertaining to your devices (including MAC addresses and other device-specific IDs).
(b)	Access log and history
We may collect your IP address, dates and times of requests made by you and other information pertaining to your access history, which is generated and stored automatically when you use the Applications.
(c)	Cookies
We may use cookies and similar technologies in connection with the Applications. A cookie is an industry-standard technology that allows web servers to recognize information about your device, but does not allow servers to identify your Personal Information and you individually. You may choose to disable cookies by changing your device setting; however, by doing so, some or all of the Applications may not function properly without cookies.
Article 3 (Purposes of Use)
1.
We will never use User Information for any purpose other than the purposes set out in this Policy without your consent. We strive to appropriately use User Information only for the following purposes.
Purpose of use
Details
Information Used
To provide, maintain and improve the Applications
to provide the services according to the Applications
to verify your personal identification and prevent unauthorized use
Information about devices
Access log and history
Cookies
To provide notices and responses
to provide notices about the Applications and respond to inquiries
to inform you about and provide new services in connection with the Applications
to notify you of any change in the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy for the Applications , or notify you in the event of termination, suspension or cancellation of the Applications
Information about devices
To provide information to third parties
Third parties who are provided the information listed to the right will use such information for the following purposes:
to provide Partner Services
to display advertisements that match your needs and interests
to analyze the effectiveness of advertisements
to conduct market analyses and marketing activities
Information about devices
Access log and history
Cookies
To generate statistical data and provide to third parties
The information listed to the right will be used for the following purposes:
Generating statistical data in a format that is not personally identifiable, by analyzing the information listed to the right,  Third-party recipients will use the statistical data generated from the information listed in the right for the following purposes:
to display advertisements that match your needs and interests
to analyze the effectiveness of advertisements
to conduct market analyses and marketing activities
Information about devices
Access log and history
Cookies
2.
Provided you give your consent, we have the right to provide User Information, including Personal Information, between and among our Partners or other third parties to the extent necessary to fulfill the purposes of use provided for in the preceding paragraph.
Article 4 (Modifying Purposes of Use)
We may modify the purposes of use of Personal Information, which was stipulated in the preceding article, to the extent that the modified purpose remains duly relevant to that before the modification, upon which event we will notify you or publicly make an announcement regarding such modification in a manner separately specified by us.
Article 5 (Collection of User Information)
1.
We shall collect User Information in a proper manner without relying on any wrongful or fictitious means.
2.
We shall notify or announce the purposes of use in advance by a method separately determined by us when collecting User Information in a manner other than through your use of the Services.
Article 6 (Information Management Systems)
1.
For the purpose of preventing any leakage, loss or damage of User Information, we take necessary and appropriate measures to securely manage User Information.
2.
Should we entrust third parties with the handling of User Information in whole or in part, we shall conclude a confidentiality agreement with such third parties in advance with terms consistent with this Policy and exercise necessary and appropriate supervision over such third parties in order to ensure the security of User Information.
Article 7 (Sharing of Personal Information)
We have the right to share Personal Information with our Partners, but only to the extent necessary to enable such Partners to provide Partnership Services, upon which we will publicly announce in advance the names of such Partners, purpose of use, and types of information to be shared.
Article 8 (Information Gathering Modules)
Incorporated in the Services are modules that enable us to gather and analyze User Information. Accordingly, we may provide User Information to the module service providers. These information gathering modules use Cookies and other technologies to collect User Information, but do not collect any information that identifies you personally. The information collected is managed in accordance with the privacy policies and other terms and conditions established by the module service providers. (For more details, please refer to the privacy policies established by the respective providers.)
Article 9 (External Services and Links)
We may provide services in cooperation with external services such as Facebook and Twitter (“External Services”). Upon your request, we may provide User Information to the External-Services providers when providing our Services in cooperation or in partnership with such External Services.
Article 10 (Disclosure of Personal Information)
Unless disclosures are required under the Act or other relevant laws or regulations, we shall not disclose or share Personal Information without your consent.  However, the following are exceptions to this Article.
(1)
whenever we completely or partially delegate the handling of Personal Information to a third party to the extent necessary to fulfill the purposes of use;
(2)
whenever we provide your Personal Information to banks, payment system providers, and credit companies for billing purposes;
(3)
Whenever we provide Personal Information to module service providers and External-Services providers in accordance with the provisions of the preceding Item 1 and 2;
(4)
whenever we take necessary, legal actions against you as a result of your causing serious injury to others within the Applications, acting in violation of public order and morality, or attempting to do the same;
(5)
whenever disclosures are due to emergency situations involving an immediate threat to life or property;
(6)
whenever we provide Personal Information as a result of transferring our business due to mergers or similar circumstances; and
(7)
whenever disclosures are required based on relevant laws or regulations, by official bodies such as courts or police forces.
Article 11 (Targeted Advertisements)
1.
In order for us or third-party advertising-providers to conduct targeted advertising in the course of providing the Applications or Partner Services, i.e., a method of advertising used to distribute advertisements based on various traits of Users (“Targeted Advertising”), we collect, store and use the following information by using the information gathering modules mentioned in Article 8:
(1)	Activity logs (that include your use history relating to the Applications, and which can be collected to analyze your specific needs and preferences, although such information is not personally identifiable.); and
(2)	Device Information.
2.
We may provide the information collected pursuant to the preceding paragraph to certain third-party advertising providers (“Advertising Providers”) in a format that is not personally identifiable, for the purpose of providing advertisements tailored to your interests and preferences.
3.
We will retain activity logs and other information collected from you only for as long as we are legally permitted and reasonably required to do so for the purpose of performing our services hereunder.
4.
To prevent any loss, leakage or destruction of any information provided to Advertising Providers, we will:
(1)	never publish or reveal the algorithms used to encrypt activity logs;
(2)	provide activity logs to Advertising Providers on the condition that such information will be used only for the purposes set forth in Paragraph 8.2 above; and
(3)	if activity logs are further provided to other third parties from Advertising Providers, impose the same condition as that imposed under the preceding item on such third parties.
Article 12 (Retrieval or Modification of User Information)
1.
You may submit a request to retrieve, correct, add, and delete Personal Information you have previously provided us, by sending an application form by postal service together with a copy of a document that can verify your actual identity (or a document verifying the authority of your agent, if you are requesting through an agent). You will be charged 410 yen (including tax) per request to retrieve Personal Information and request notices regarding your use.
2.
Upon our verifying your identity pursuant to the preceding Item 1, we will fulfill your request, to the extent deemed reasonable by us. However, there may be circumstances under which we may not be able to accommodate your request, such as when we are not required to fulfill your request under the Act or other relevant laws or regulations.
Article 13 (Inquiries)
For any inquiries regarding our handling of User Information, including any suggestions, questions, complaints or comments, please contact our Personal Information Help Desk at:
SELECT BUTTON, Inc.
E-mail ：info@selectbutton.jp
(Open from 10 a.m. and 15.30 p.m. on weekdays)
Article 14 (Organization)
We will take appropriate measures to ensure that Personal Information is properly maintained, by assigning Nakahata Koya to be in charge of managing Personal Information.
Article 15 (Disclaimer)
We shall not be held liable for any of the following situations:
(1)
Whenever you disclose your User Information to third parties by using any functions of the Applications or other measures.
(2)
Whenever you input any information in the Applications, which enables you to be personally identified.
Article 16 (Revisions)
We use commercially reasonable efforts to continuously review and improve our handling of User Information, and may revise this Policy from time to time as necessary. A revised Policy will be effective immediately after its release on our website. However, we will obtain your consent in a manner separately established by us if we are required to do so under applicable laws or regulations concerning making certain revisions.
Article 17 (Note)
The Services may include links to External Services other than those managed and operated by us. We shall not be liable for the contents of such External Services or the protection of Personal Information in connection therewith.
Effective 02/23/2017