Privacy Policy - James Torress
Skip to main content
James Torres
Search
Search This Blog
Privacy Policy - James Torress
April 27, 2017
Privacy Policy - JT Lab
[Last changes date: 30-12-2022]
This Privacy Policy governs how
JT Lab
collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users while using JT Lab's Applications and Games.
Before using the applications and games included in the
JT Lab
, Read the privacy policy carefully.
Personal information: We do not collect any personal identification information from the User in any way.
Non-Personal Information: We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our app and games.
Non-Personal Information includes Mobile IMEI number, Mac address, Operating system version, Gps, IP address, device event information such as crashes, the terminal manufacturer, and the terminal device operating system version. We collect this information only to give better services and for analytics for finding crashes and product enrichment reasons.
JT Lab
may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, iteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information and data stored on our app & games.
We do not sell, trade, or rent the User's personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates, and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non-personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to,  among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Permissions
Apps and games will require some permissions, it is used to work all the functionality of apps or games otherwise the apps & games won’t work. JT Lab never forces anyone to use our products and services. If we require any permission then we will ask prior.
Links to Other Sites:
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
DMCA
We respect the intellectual property rights of others and expect our users to do the same. Following the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998.
If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Site by completing a DMCA Notice of Alleged Infringement and delivering it to us.
If you find any infringements then kindly contact us with the proof of the copyright, and we will surely help you out with your copyrights things.
Content
I, JT Lab actively remove content that is not allowed on our Platform and violates both our Guidelines as well as applicable Indian laws. If such content comes to our attention, we may take it down or ban user accounts. If you come across any content that violates these Guidelines, we ask you to report it on our email id and we will surely take action on it.
We take strict and prompt action against those who violate these Guidelines. If your profile is reported for violating these Guidelines, then your profile may be suspended.
Children’s Privacy:
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us the personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
JT Lab has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will update the date on the top of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site,
please contact us at
JamesTorresccxx@gmail.com
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Share
Get link
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Anonymous
October 13, 2021 at 2:42 AM
Dear Developer,
Greetings!
I represent the Qureka Lite team and am reaching out to you with a proposal to increase your app's revenue & user engagement.
It's pretty simple, all you need to do is integrate Qureka Lite onto your app/ website with a simple URL integration, which takes just 15 minutes & does not require any SDK integration.
A dedicated URL of Qureka Lite will be shared for your app and for every user you send from your platform to it. It can get you INR  2 (Indian Rupee). The final revenue at this indicative monetization will be split equally b/w our teams. So if you send 10,000 users daily to Qureka Lite then at an indicative ARPU (average revenue per user ) per day of  INR 2, you can expect  INR 20,000 daily (266 $ per day) as additional revenue for your app which we split in a 50:50 ratio b/w our groups.
The traffic from your app to Qureka lite will be monetized from AdSense ads.
Qureka Lite's ARPU(Average revenue per user) per day has been calculated from one of the key factors i.e RPMs from Adsense ads.
Above indicative revenue of 266 $ per day from Qureka Lite has been taken considering the dollar rate as 1$ = INR 75 ( INR = Indian National Rupee)
The above revenue is indicative figures as the final numbers will depend on traffic volumes, traffic type, and other factors
The above ARPU (average revenue per ) / DAY has been calculated based on our current monetization of traffic from your country Market. The monetization for your traffic will vary if the traffic is from other markets.
Here is a test URL of Qureka lite - play.qureka.com- a similar and dedicated URL for your app will be shared with you and traffic to it be monetized with Adsense ads, this revenue will be split equally b/w our groups. Daily automated Adsense reports will also be shared highlighting  the revenue earned along with your traffic details
About us:
a. We are funded by the Times Internet group- The Largest Internet Media Group in India.
b. We are India's number 1 Mobile Quiz platform in India Available Globally
c. We are a Google Channel partner assisting publishers in increasing their app revenue and engagement
If you are interested, To know more text or call as at <+917275277891>
NOTE: For instant reply from us please text or call on the given number.
We will also be sharing Google Analytics reports which will show you that a significant % of your existing users would engage with Qureka daily. This will be a testimony that our product is relevant for your users and consuming it daily helps you to grow your user engagement etc.
Regards,
Mohammad Rehan
CoolBoots Media Pvt. Ltd.
Mobile: +917275277891
+918318669549
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Archive
April 2017
1
Report Abuse
Powered by Blogger