Kidgames
About Us
Android Games
iOS Games
Testimonials
EULA
Contact Us
​
Privacy Policy
Kidgames
respects the privacy rights of our
                  online visitors and mobile customers and recognizes
                  the importance of protecting the information collected
                  about you. This privacy policy describes how
Kidgames
collects and uses the information you provide. It
                  also describes the choices available to you regarding
                  our use of your personal information and how you can
                  access and update this information.
Children's privacy
:
personal
                    information is not collected from children
.
Kidgames
does not knowingly collect any
                  personal information from children under 13 years of
                  age. If we were to collect and store personal
                  information from children, we would obtain the consent
                  of a parent or legal guardian before such collection.
Collection and Use
We do not collect, request or access personal
                    information like:
·       First and last
                  name;
·       A home or other
                  physical address including street name and name of a
                  city or town;
·       Online contact
                  information;
·       A screen or user
                  name that functions as online contact information;
·       A telephone
                  number;
·       A social
                  security number;
·       A photograph,
                  video, or audio file, where such file contains a
                  child’s image or voice;
·       Geo-location
                  information sufficient to identify street name and
                  name of a city or town;
We or third parties contracted by us may collect
                    the following information:
·       Your Internet
                  Protocol Address or device identifier
·       Information
                  about your Device, your IP address, browser type, and
                  operating system.
·       Other
                  statistical and usage data (as further explained
                  below)
We use this information to use as support for the
                    internal operations of the app or online service.
                    Internal operations may include:
·       activities
                  necessary for our app or service to maintain, analyze
                  or improve its functioning;
·       perform network
                  communications;
·       authenticate
                  users or personalize content;
·       serve contextual
                  advertising or cap the frequency of advertising;
·       protect the
                  security or integrity of the user, app, or online
                  service;
·       ensure legal or
                  regulatory compliance
Sharing Your Information
We will share your information with third parties only
                  in the ways that are described in this privacy
                  statement.
We may disclose your personal information
·       as required by
                  law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar
                  legal process.
·       when we believe
                  in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect
                  our rights, protect your safety or the safety of
                  others,
investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
if
Kidgames
is involved in a merger,
                  acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its
                  assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice
on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of
                  your personal information, as well as any choices you
                  may have regarding your personal information.
Statistical and Usage Data:
When you use our apps or services we may retrieve
                  information about your hardware system and how the
                  service is used,
including your Internet Protocol Address or device
                  identifier. We may also collect information about your
                  computer,
hardware, software, platform, media and connection,
                  information about online activity such as feature
                  usage, game play
statistics and scores, user rankings, click paths, and
                  in-app purchases. We use this information to better
                  understand the
behavior and preferences of our customers, so that we
                  can improve our products and services.
In-Game Advertising
Our services may incorporate dynamic advertisement
                  serving technology offered by our Advertising Network
                  Providers (AdProviders), which enables advertising to
                  be temporarily uploaded into the game and replaced
                  while you play. Logged data may include Internet
                  Protocol Address, in game location, length of time an
                  advertisement was visible, size of the advertisements,
                  and angle of view. You or your app may be assigned an
                  ID number, which is stored on your device, and used by
                  Ad Providers to calculate the number of unique and
                  repeat views of dynamic in-game advertising. The ID
                  number is not associated with any personal data and
                  for children-directed games is not used for behavioral
                  advertising purposes. No logged information is used to
                  personally identify you. The servers used by the Ad
                  Providers may be located outside your country of
                  residence.
Third Party Sites
If you click on a link to a third party site,
                  including on an advertisement, an Ad Provider, or
                  other third party service, you will
leave the
Kidgames
app you are visiting and
                  go to the site you selected.  Because we cannot
                  control the activities of third parties,
we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your
                  personal information by such third parties, and we
                  cannot guarantee that they will
adhere to the same privacy and security practices as
                  Kidgames. We encourage you to review the privacy
                  policies of these third party
sites from whom you request services. If you visit a
                  third party website that is linked to a Kidgames
                  website or app, you should
consult that site's privacy policy before providing
                  any personal information.
Security
The security of your personal information is important
                  to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards
                  to protect the personal
information submitted to us, both during transmission
                  and once we receive it. No method of transmission over
                  the Internet, or method
of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we
                  cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect
                  changes to our information practices. If we make any
                  material changes we will notify
you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the
                  change becoming effective. We encourage you to
                  periodically review this page for
the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact
If you have any questions about security on our in our
                  apps or online services or about this privacy
                  statement,
you can email us at : kidgame.edu@gmail.com