Privacy Policy
Volcano Entertainment ("Volcano", "we" or "us") built the Sudoku app("App", "PRODUCT" or "SERVICE") as a free app with ad-supported. This SERVICE and PRODUCT is provided by Volcano Entertainment and is intended
    for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and
    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
    which is accessible at our app, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
By using our Service or Product, you consent to this policy.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect
    data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
    may include information such as your devices's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name,
    operating system version, configuration of the app when using our Service, the time and date
    of your use of the Service, and other statistics. But this Log Data does not collect any private information used to identify you.
Game Data
We want to inform you that by use our Service, we may collect game
    data and information. This Game Data may include but not limited to information such as your user name, game type, the time and date
    of your use of the Service, and other statistics. If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
    relation with this policy. The Game Data that we collect are used for providing and
    improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
    in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier.
    These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your devices's
    internal memory.
This Services does not uses these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code
    and libraries that use "cookies" to collection information and to improve their services. You
    have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent
    to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
    this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
    Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
    are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Ad Serving Technologies
Ad Serving Technologies
Some of our products employ ad serving technologies that use cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other similar technologies like identifiers to deliver offers to you. 
Some of these technologies can sync or connect behavior across different websites, mobile apps and devices. The ads can be tailored to your interests. 
For instance, you may be presented with an offer for a game we think you might enjoy. Or if you express interest in a game, you might receive an advertisement later for that game or similar products on third party sites. 
These technologies collect and use information so we can serve appropriate advertising to you and help track results and measure effectiveness. In addition to identifiers, this information includes:
Advertisements served and the location of the ad;
Length of time an advertisement was visible;
Domain type, IP address, size of the advertisement; and
Advertisement response.
Third party advertising companies may combine the information collected in the context of delivering an ad to you via our Products and Services 
with other information they have independently collected over time and across different websites. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
To learn more about some of these ad networks' practices, or to opt out of third party targeted advertising, you can visit
Google Admob Policies
,
Your Ad Choices
, or
Your Online Choices
. 
Note that opting out does not mean you won't see ads; it just means that the advertising you see may be less relevant to your interests.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain
    personally identifiable information, including but not limited to users name, email address or pictures. 
	The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. You can get more details from
Google Privacy Policy
,
Google Play Terms of Service
,
Facebook Data Policy
and
Inmobi Privacy Policy
.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
    commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
    guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be
    directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, We
    strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and
    assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party
    sites or services.
Children's Privacy
This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal
    identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13
    has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you
    are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
    information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Retention
We shall retain certain records of the information collected about you for a period of five (5) years
         after termination of your account. Otherwise, we reserve the right to delete and destroy all of the 
         information collected about you upon termination of your account unless you request otherwise.
        Notwithstanding the above, you have the right to request the deletion of your data. 
        Depending on the Services that we have provided to you, we may be required to hold certain data 
        for five (5) years from the date of request of deletion of data, for legal purposes. 
        We cannot continue to provide our Service to you if you request the deletion of your data.
        You can delete all your information by delete your account, you can find it in the sign in page, or by email to us at sudoku@volcantech.com.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
    periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
    on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
    us.