Policy (for ad supported games) npa – Magory.net
tiny indie games studio
Policy (for ad supported games) npa
Last updated: 21 May 2018
I am Tomasz Kucza (sole proprietorship Magory.net) and your privacy is very important to me.
This privacy policy concerns the following of my Games
:
Cat Up!
(magory.catup).
Space Bubble Shooter
(magory.spacebubbles).
Mahjong HD
(magory.mahjonghd).
Mini’s Magic World
(magory.miniworld).
FreeCell Solitaire HD
(magory.freecellhd).
Forty Thieves Solitaire HD
(magory.fortythieveshd).
Klondike Solitaire HD
(magory.klondikesolitairehd).
Spider Solitaire HD 2
(magory.spiderhd2).
Yukon Solitaire HD
(magory.yukonhd).
Russian Solitaire HD
(magory.russiansolitairehd).
TriPeaks Solitaire HD
(magory.tripeakshd).
Fantasy Mahjong
Golf Solitaire HD
Magic Potion
Marble Lines
(and all of our other ad supported apps on Google Play)
If I make any changes to this policy, I will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy, in case requires new consent, I will notify you by an additional notice in the game.
While I do not collect or store any information or logs on my own servers I serve non-personalized ads through my partners. Although non-personalized ads don’t use cookies or mobile ad identifiers for ad targeting, they do still use cookies or mobile ad identifiers for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.
I use or may use the following advertising network companies: AdMob, MoPub and Amazon Ads.
For more information about the processing carried out by the respective third parties in connection with ad networs, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features, which can be found here:
AdMob
–
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Mopub
–
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Amazon Ads
–
https://advertising.amazon.com/ad-specs/en/policy/gdpr?ref_=blog-inpage
Age limits: I do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 16, please do not send any data about yourself to me, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 16 may provide any personal data. If I learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 16, I will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that I might have any data from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact me.
If you are under 16 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access any of the Games. I encourage parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children’s online experience at all times. I do not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 16. If you believe I have inadvertently collected such information, please contact me so I can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
You may contact me at any time by emailing: tomasz.kucza@gmail.com if you have any questions.
Follow:
Magory.net © 2023. All Rights Reserved.
Powered by
- Designed with
Hueman Pro
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok