Privacy Policy
Chuyển đến nội dung chính
Tìm kiếm Blog này
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Nhận đường liên kết
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Ứng dụng khác
tháng 9 01, 2017
PRIVACY POLICY
NC Lab  team has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how NC Lab  collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with NC Lab ’s Services.
The following declaration gives you an overview on how this protection is guaranteed and which kind of data is collected for which purposes.
By installing, using, registering to or otherwise accessing the services, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing of your personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. if you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not install, use, register to or otherwise access the services.
NC Lab  reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. If NC Lab  makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, NC Lab  may post a notice on NC Lab ’s website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
NON-PERSONAL DATA
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. The types of non-personal data NC Lab  may collect and use include, but are not limited to: application properties, including, but not limited to application name, package name and icon installed on your device. Your checkin (include like, recommendation) of a game will be disclosed to all NC Lab  users.
NC Lab  may use and disclose to NC Lab ’s partners and contractors the collected non-personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, advertisement serving, managing and providing the Services and to further develop the Services and other NC Lab  services and products.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by NC Lab  may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
PERSONAL DATA
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Personal information collected by NC Lab  is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account information. The information includes your facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’id on facebook. NC Lab  also stores your game checkins, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
NC Lab  may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other NC Lab  services and products. NC Lab  may combine non-personal data with personal data.
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases, NC Lab  may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to NC Lab . This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site “friends” and other information you have included in your social networking site profile. NC Lab  may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by NC Lab  and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
OTHER
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not
limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP
address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers
fine tune our product. We do not gather any data from the child other than first name and reading
age. This is only stored locally on the device and is optional. It never leaves the device, and will be
erased if the user deletes the app.
DOES THE APPLICATION COLLECT PRECISE REAL TIME LOCATION INFORMATION OF THE DEVICE?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
if NC Lab  is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via
email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you.
WHAT ARE MY OPT-OUT RIGHTS?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application.
You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or
via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at
SECURITY
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application.
Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any
changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy:
http://nclabsing.blogspot.com/2017/09/privacy-policy.html
You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact Us mail:
nctappsmix@gmail.com
NC Lab
Legal Department
C/O: CEO
Address:
Allianz Tower
459 Ang Mo Kio Ave 10 Singapore
Nhận đường liên kết
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Ứng dụng khác
Nhận xét
Unknown
lúc 19:09 6 tháng 7, 2018
&
Trả lời
Xóa
Trả lời
Trả lời
Unow22
lúc 14:11 26 tháng 10, 2021
If the hair sample is collected at your place of business, the collector wraps it in foil or an envelope, seals it, and labels it. The hair is tested in the lab using an ELISA test, which is a rapid screening procedure (Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay). Positive samples are re-tested with a tandem chromatography-mass spectrophotometry test to rule out false positives, which are common with prescription opioid painkillers. Three outcomes could occur: This indicates that the screening test found no drug metabolites in the sample, implying two things. The individual is not an illicit drug user and has not used illegal drugs in the previous 90 days. This indicates that the sample tested positive for a specific illicit drug in both screening and confirmatory tests. Because the lab rejected the sample due to contamination or improper collection, the person would have to go through another round of tests. Let's talk about what to look for in a detox shampoo now that we've looked at some of the best on the market. A good detox shampoo removes all dirt, drug metabolites, and toxins from your hair and scalp without harming your hair or scalp's health. Here are some additional general guidelines for selecting the best drug detox for you: Natural ingredients that are gentle on your scalp and hair, such as green tea extract and apple cider vinegar, should be included in the product. The powder comes in a sealed vial You can be confident that you’ll pass any drug test for weed with flying colors After this, you risk the sample boiling over and killing the necessary chemical components That is the reason why it is strictly suggested to avoid consuming any sort of alcoholic beverage during your detox program Q: Is synthetic urine legal? A: Well, we all know it is not legal to cheat a drug test Let’s take a look at the strategies we used to narrow it down
Trả lời
Xóa
Trả lời
Trả lời
Thêm nhận xét
Tải thêm...
Đăng nhận xét
Được tạo bởi Blogger
Hình ảnh chủ đề của
Michael Elkan
NC Lab ltd,
Truy cập hồ sơ
Lưu trữ
tháng 9 2017
1
Báo cáo vi phạm