Mind Games – Privacy Policy – Mindware Consulting, Inc.
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Research
Contact
Mind Games – Privacy Policy
Effective date: December 24, 2018
This policy covers
Mind Games, Mind Games Pro, Word Games and Word Games Pro.
Mindware Consulting, Inc (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the http://mindgames.mobi and https://mindware.mobi websites and the Mind Games mobile application (the “Service”).
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Mindware Consulting, Inc uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Mindware Consulting, Inc will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Li
nk to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Fabric
Crashlytics
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Mindware Consulting, Inc may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Mindware Consulting, Inc
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Retention and Deletion
We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with our services, comply with applicable legal requirements, and resolve disputes. If you wish to request deletion of your data, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
Data Controller Contact Information
The data controller for the data we collect through our services is Mindware Consulting, Inc. (“Mindware”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). Mindware is responsible for your personal data and controls how it is used, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our registered address is: Mindware Consulting, Inc. 302 S. Kitchell Ave., Suite E, Olney, IL 62450 United States
If you have any questions or concerns about how we use your personal data, you may contact us directly by email at
[email protected]
. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority.
By using our services, you acknowledge that Mindware is the data controller, and you understand that we are responsible for protecting your personal information as outlined in this privacy policy.
Data Protection Officer
We have a Data Protection Officer who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. This Data Protection Officer can be reached at the following address:
Data Protection Officer Mindware Consulting, Inc. 302 S. Kitchell Ave., Suite E, Olney, IL 62450 Email:
[email protected]
Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising, Sale of Personal Data, and Profiling
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the personal data that you may have provided through your use of our services. If you wish to opt-out of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling, please contact us at
[email protected]
. Please note, we do not sell your personal data.
Data Retention
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods mandated by law, contract, or similar obligations applicable to our business operations.
Access to Personal Data
You have the right to request access to the personal data that we collect on you. To make such a request, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
If you are a resident of California, you have certain rights afforded to you under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). These include the right to access personal data we have collected about you, the right to request that we delete personal data we have collected from you, and the right to know whether your personal data is shared with third parties. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA)
If you are a resident of Virginia, you have certain rights afforded to you under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA). These include the right to access personal data we have collected about you, the right to request that we delete personal data we have collected from you, and the right to opt-out of targeted advertising or the sale of your personal data. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
Correction of Personal Data
You have the right to request correction of your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete. To make such a request, please contact us at
[email protected]
.
Sharing of Personal Data
We will disclose personal data only when required by law or when we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to comply with the law. We do not sell or share your personal data with third-party companies for their direct marketing purposes unless you give us your permission.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
[email protected]
Download Our Apps
All Android Apps
Mind Games
Mind Games Pro
Night Owl: Sleep Coach
Minesweeper: Mine Games
Privacy Policies
Night Owl – Sleep Coach – Privacy Policy
Mind Games – Privacy Policy
Mind Games Pro – Privacy Policy
Mindware Consulting, Inc.
WordPress Theme
:
AccessPress Lite