Your privacy and your children's privacy is very important to Pome Games & Apps. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Your privacy is very important to us, and we strive to comply with the best practices worldwide. This privacy policy sets out how we handle your privacy. By installing our mobile app Racing Games, the user agrees with the practices laid down in this privacy policy.

Personal Information: We do not collect any personally identifiable information about the users of Racing Games. We may collect your unique device identifier, IP address, mobile phone carrier, game progress, time spent playing, and achievements. There are permissions to access your location, phone call contacts and device memory for internal use only and in conjunction with third parties to help us operate, analyze, and improve our app and service. This information is for internal use only and can't be shared. It's just for us to help us improve our services for you. Anonymous usage information: Racing Games may collect anonymous usage information to help us improve our application and service.

In-app purchases: Racing Games may contain in-app purchases (IAP's). Advertising: Racing Games contains third-party advertising. We may occasionally promote other products of our own within our app. We may occasionally cross-promote the products of other affiliated developers that offer similar products and share similar values as expressed in their own published privacy policies. Social media: Racing Games does not interact with any social media sites. We may provide links to our own social media sites for the purpose of providing support and product information. Child Protection: Child protection is our main priority. - Warning to children: Always remember to be smart and safe with your online connection.

Never share your information with anybody before asking your parents or legal guardians. Do not give to anybody your picture, name, email, address, telephone, school, or any other information that could be used to meet or contact you, either in the real world or online. If you want to participate in any of our promotions or competitions, make sure to have the permission of your parents or guardians. - Warning to parents: We are committed to the security and privacy of the children who use our apps.

We encourage parents/guardians to actively supervise the online activities of their kids. QUESTIONS CONCERNING OUR PRIVACY POLICY If you have any question concerning our Privacy Policy please contact us: zippro@gmail.com CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such modification on this site and without any other notification. Any such modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this site. It is your responsibility to review our Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms. Our Privacy Policy was last updated on March 21th, 2017