Peak | Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Life At Peak
Games
How We Work
Jobs
© Peak. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Terms of Services
Privacy Policy
Cookie Notice
California Privacy Notice
English
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Português Brasileiro
Русский
Türkçe
Peak Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 4 July 2022
1. Purpose
Peak develops and publishes games for mobile devices.  The terms “
Peak
,” “
we
,” and “
us
” include Peak Oyun Yazilim ve
Pazarlama AS. This Privacy Policy explains our online and offline information practices when providing these Services to you, the kinds of information we may collect, how we
intend to use, store, protect, disclose and share that information, and your rights and choices concerning your personal information.
2. Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that is processed by Peak in the course of our business, including on Peak websites (each a “
Site
”), mobile
applications, forums, blogs, and other online or offline offerings (collectively, our “
Services
”).
If you do not want Peak to collect, store, use, or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not play Peak’s games or use Peak’s other
Services.
Please note that Peak is not responsible for the actions of Third Parties, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them or any services they may offer.
Peak reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Services shall mean your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not cover or address our privacy practices relating to job applicants, employees, and other personnel.
3. Types of Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being
associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you. It does not include aggregated or de-identified information that is maintained in a form that is
not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to you.
The types of personal information we may collect (directly from you or from third-party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with
Peak and the requirements of applicable law. Some of the ways that Peak may collect personal information include:
you may provide personal information directly to Peak through interacting with the Services, participating in Services feedback, questionnaires, surveys, or contests or
participating in forums discussions, and requesting services or information; and
as you navigate the Services, certain passive information may also be collected about your visit, including through technologies as described below.
Primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to administer your use of the Services and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our
Services. We endeavor to collect only that information that is relevant for the purposes of processing. Below are the ways we collect personal information and how we use it.
3.1 Types of Personal Information We Collect
Peak collects personal information regarding its current, prospective, and former customers, users, visitors, and guests (collectively “
Individuals
”).
3.1.1 Information Collected Directly from You:
When you use the Services or engage in certain activities, such as responding to surveys, requesting services or information, or contacting us directly, we may ask you to provide
some or all of the following types of information.  We will store that personal information on our systems and process it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Communications with Us
. We may collect personal information from you such as email address, phone number or mailing address when you choose to request
information about our Services, request to receive customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
Communications with Other Users
.  You may send non-public messages or invitations to other players, made directly through our Services or through a
third-party service, like Facebook.  If so, we will collect whatever information you choose to send to the other users, and if you connect your third-party service’s
account, we may collect information about the friends and contacts you are connected to through the third-party service.  You are responsible for ensuring your sharing of
this personal information with us is compliant with applicable laws.  In some countries, this may require you to get permission from the people you invite before you share
their information.  We may also get personal information about you from other users. We process this personal information to help you and your contacts connect through our
Services. If you want to remove personal information stored by us, follow any instructions in the Services or see
Online Privacy Choices
below.
User Reviews
. From time to time, you may share your comments about our games and provide certain information that may include personal information. All
information collected from your participation in such reviews is provided by you voluntarily. We may use such information to improve our products, Sites and/or Services and in
any manner consistent with the policies provided herein.
Fan Pages, Forums, and Posting on the Site
. Peak may offer publicly accessible fan pages, blogs, private messages or community forums. You should be aware that
when you disclose information about yourself on Peak’s fan pages, blogs, private messages, and community forums, the Site will collect the information you provide in such
submissions, including any personal information.   We may keep such content on our servers to use it to protect the safety and well-being of our players; to protect our
rights and property in connection with our Services; to conduct research; to operate, improve, personalize, and optimize our Services and our players’ experiences, including
through the use of analytics; and to manage and deliver advertising. Where required by law, we will seek your consent for this.  If you choose to submit content to any
public area of the Site, such content will be considered public.
Registration for Contests
. Occasionally, Peak may run contests.  We ask those who enter the contests to provide contact information (e.g., an e-mail
address).  If you participate in a contest, your contact information may be used to reach you about the contest and for other promotional, marketing and business
purposes.  All contest entry forms will provide a way for participants to opt out of any communications that are not related to awarding prizes.
A note on sensitive personal information
. While we typically do not request sensitive or special categories of personal information you may choose to provide this
information to us. The meaning of sensitive or special categories of personal information changes from region to region but could include information about your health or, in
certain places, types of financial or precise location information. For some Services, we may also ask you to voluntarily provide information about any accessibility requirements
you may have to better understand the needs of players and to improve the accessibility of our Services.
3.1.2 Information Collected from Third Parties when Installing and Playing the Games
If you play any of the games or use any of the Services on connected third-party applications or connect the Services to any third-party applications, like Apple, Google, Amazon
and/or from Social Networking Sites (“
SNS
”) such as Facebook, Peak may receive certain information about you from the provider of the third-party application.
The information received depends on the third-party application, your privacy settings and, if applicable, your friends' privacy settings on that third-party application.
When you connect with the Services through an SNS, the information that Peak collects may include your first and last name, your SNS user identification number and/or user name,
location, sex, the login e-mail you provided to that third-party application when you registered with the SNS,  language of your application, time zone and the SNS user
identification numbers for your friends who are also connected to the Services.
We may sell Virtual Items or Merchandise through our Services. When you make purchases through the Services, we process your payments through a third-party application, including
the Apple App Store, Google Play App Store, and Amazon App Store (together with any similar applications, “
App Stores
”) and SNS such as Facebook. The third-party
application may collect certain financial information from you to process a payment on behalf of Peak, including your name, email address, address and other billing information.
App Stores do not share this information they collect from you with us. Peak does not have access to your credit card or bank account data. However, third-party payment
processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like the items purchased to fulfill your order.
You can manage the information Peak receives about you from a third-party application on which you play our games, like Facebook.  You will need to follow the instructions
from that third-party application for changing your privacy settings. You also can manage some aspects of information collection and use by visiting the settings page of your
mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application.
If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application’s terms of
service and privacy policy.  If you are unclear about what information a third-party application is sharing with us, please go to that third-party application to find out
more about their privacy practices and any options available to you regarding such sharing.
3.1.3 Automated Information Collection
When you use any of the Services, games or applications on a mobile platform, Peak may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID
(persistent/non-persistent), your device operating system, version, model, CPU, amount of RAM and disk space, hardware type, Identifier For Advertising (“
IDFA
”),
the version of your operating system ("
OS
"), your device name, Game Center ID, and your location based on your Internet Protocol ("
IP
") address.
This information is useful to Peak for troubleshooting and helps Peak understand usage trends.
As further described in our
Cookie Notice
, we use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., beacons, pixel tags, clear gifs,
software development kits (SDKs) and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off, and across different Services and devices. We also allow others to use
cookies and similar technologies in our Services as described in our
Cookie Notice
.  Neither we nor any third party uses
cookies or other similar tracking technology on our Sites. You can control or opt out of the use of cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of
others for third-party advertising, as described in our
Cookie Notice
.
We, our service providers, and our business partners use these cookies and other similar technologies within our games to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical
information, such as your IP address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, your mobile device’s identifiers like your IDFA, Game Center ID, the type of mobile
device you are using, your device's OS, version, model, hardware type and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your device, language, hardware type,
operating system, Internet service provider, and other actions taken through use of the Services such as preferences. We may also collect the approximate physical location of
your device.  This data collection will be made clear by the operating systems that you are using the Services on.
In some cases, we will connect this information with your social network ID, Device ID, Game Center ID or IDFA.
We use “
Google Analytics
” to collect information about your use of the Services. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users access the
services, what pages they access when they do so and what other sites, they used prior to using the services. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve
the services.  To learn more about the use of data collection technologies by Google for analytics and to exercise choice regarding those technologies, please visit
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
and the
Google Analytics Opt-Out
browser add-on page.
3.1.4 Social Media Widgets
The Services include social media features, such as the Facebook and Twitter button, and Widgets, such as the “Share” button or interactive mini-programs that run on the
Services. These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on the Services and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media
features and widgets are either hosted by a third-party or hosted directly on the Services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the
company providing it.
3.2 How We Use Your Information
Our primary goals of using the information that we collect and store are to provide a better gaming experience, provide the Services to you, improve the Services, protect you and
others, contact you, conduct marketing and research activities, create reports for internal use, for business continuity reasons and to comply with legal rights and obligations.
We store information on servers located in the United States and in the European Union via Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers, cloud technologies and
equipment in other countries.
The main reason we process your personal information is to provide you with Services and to improve your gaming experience, but there are other reasons as well. We collect,
store, use and process personal information for a variety of business purposes, including:
to operate, improve and optimize our games and other Services;
to create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
to personalize our Services, understand our users and their preferences to enhance user experience and enjoyment using our Services and improve our users’ experience;
to provide access to certain areas, functionalities and features of our Services;
to notify you about in-game updates, new products or promotional offers that may be of interest to you;
to notify you about rewards, surveys, contests or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partners;
to tailor and deliver advertising and marketing and promotional information to you;
to enable players to communicate with each other in games or on our social media accounts;
to respond to your comments and inquiries and provide customer support services;
to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and protect our players;
to measure interest in our Services;
to send related information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, and security alerts and support and administrative messages;
to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players and to enforce our agreements with third parties;
to conduct research;
to ensure internal quality control; and
to verify Individual identity.
Our legal grounds for collecting and using the information described above depends on what the information is, the context in which we collect it and applicable privacy laws.
Those grounds are as follows:
Establish and perform our contract with you (i.e., our
Terms of Services
);
For our or our partners’ legitimate interests;
Consent (where applicable);
Compliance with a legal obligation;
Protect your vital interests or those of another person (for example, another player); and
While we typically do not collect sensitive or special category personal information, where we do this, it will be on the ground of consent or other applicable lawful basis.
If you have questions, need further information about the legal grounds for processing your personal information, or want to withdraw your consent please see the
Contact Information
section below.
4. How We May Disclose Your Information
We may share your information with third parties or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services in the following circumstances.
Service Providers
. We may share any information we receive with Service Providers. The types of service providers to whom we entrust personal information
include Service Providers for: (i) provision of IT and related services; (ii) provision of information and Services you have requested; (iii) payment processing; (iv) customer
service activities; (v) analytics; and (vi) in connection with the provision of the Services. As required by applicable data protection laws, Peak has executed appropriate
contracts with the Service Providers that prohibit them from using or sharing personal information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to
comply with applicable legal requirements.
Business Partners and Affiliates
. Peak may share personal information with our business partners and affiliates for our and our affiliates’ internal business
purposes or to provide you with the Services that you have requested. Peak may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or
Services. In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear, along with Peak. As required by applicable data protection law, Peak requires our affiliates and business
partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of personal information they maintain on our behalf and not to use it for any purpose other than the
purpose for which Peak provided it.
Displaying to Friends and Other Users
.  Our Services allow you to interact with other players. If you play our games through a social network or register
through a social network (for example, Facebook Connect), your social network friends will see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your game activity. Similarly, other
players, regardless of whether they are your social network friends or not, will be able to see descriptions of your game activity, communicate with you within our Services if
you use the chat feature of our games and view your game profile, which may include your name or a “game name” and your profile photo. In certain cases, your profile photo can
reveal your social network ID or player ID, and access to a social network ID or player ID may allow others to view the public information associated with your related social
network profile or the game account. Also, the content you post may be displayed in the chat feature of the Games. We are not responsible for privacy practices of the other
users who will view and use the posted information.
Third-Party Advertising Including Interest-Based Advertising
. We use advertising to enable us to offer some of our games, game features, and other Services for
free. These advertisements may include, without limitation, banner ads on game boards or Services themselves, as full-screen ads between moves or games, or through an “offer
wall” in which third-party advertisers offer to provide virtual currency or other in-game items to players in exchange for watching an advertisement or for completing a task,
such as signing up for an account with one of the advertisers, completing a survey, or finishing a particular game level. Offer walls are hosted by third-party offer wall
providers, and the offers are made by third-party advertisers, not by Peak.
We may share some of your information with advertisers to help make the advertisements you see more relevant to your interests when you use our Services. We do not directly share
personal information that identifies you with third-party advertisers for their advertising purposes unless you give us your consent, where legally required. To enable
advertisers, ad networks, and offer wall providers to serve you with more relevant ads, they may collect, or we may collect and share with them, the following types of
information when you use our Services:
performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement);
certain technical information (like IP address, non-persistent device identifier such as IDFA, and de-identified persistent device identifier such as a hashed Android ID);
a unique identifier, such as your social network ID or Peak player ID; and/or
other contextual data about your game play (like your level and session length).
In addition to serving you with relevant ads, the information collected may be used to:
measure how effective ads are;
offer you targeted advertising (both on and off our Services) in order to personalize your experience by showing you advertisements for products and services that are more
likely to appeal to you (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising); and/or
undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other player activity to improve your experience.
Please note, after clicking on a third-party advertisement or offer, you may no longer be on a site or app controlled by Peak or the social network through which you are playing
Peak’s games.
If you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties, please see the
Online Privacy Choices
section below. For more information on controlling the use of cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Notice
. Please note that the practices of third-party companies delivering advertisements on our Services are subject to
those companies’ own privacy policies. If you have any questions about how these third-party services use your information, you should review their policies and contact them
directly.
Security, Safety, and Compliance with Law
. We may access, preserve, and disclose your personal information, other account information and content if we believe
doing so is required or appropriate: (i) to satisfy any applicable legal obligations; (ii) when we have a good faith belief that we have to disclose personal information in
response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for national security, law enforcement or legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (iii) to respond to
your requests; (iv) to protect your, our or others’ rights, property or safety; (v) to enforce Peak' policies or contracts; (vi) to collect amounts owed to Peak; (vii) when
we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual
illegal activity; or (viii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes—e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing
IP addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies, so they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of
company assets or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
In such event, Peak will endeavor to direct the transferee to use personal information in a manner that is consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such
personal information was collected.
Other Third Parties
.  In addition to the sharing described above, we may share your information with other third parties or allow them to collect your
information from our Services in some ways not specifically described in this Privacy Policy if we have your consent to do so.
5. Online Privacy Choices
Your privacy rights are explained below. These rights apply to information about you, and their scope and applicability can vary across different regions. For example, they could
extend to your household or a legal entity or could be exercised by a legal representative on your behalf. We will comply with applicable privacy laws, including any required
response times.
5.1 Accessing, Updating and Deleting Personal Information Held by Peak
Subject to certain exemptions, you and/or your legal representative have the right to:
Request a copy of your personal information
(known as ‘accessing your data’).
Delete your information
. When you ask us to delete your personal information, please remember that there may be lawful limitations on this right. For example,
we will keep certain payment records or customer service records where we need to, including for legal or accounting purposes. We’ll also keep information in order to exercise,
protect, defend, or establish our rights or the rights of third parties.
Correct or update your personal information where it is inaccurate
. To review and update personal information associated with your Peak player profile in
certain games, visit the “settings” page in that game.
Opt-out of marketing communications
we send you by following the instructions in
Opting Out of Promotional Communications
below.
Where applicable, withdraw your consent
at any time directly in the Service or by contacting us. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the processing already undertaken before your withdrawal. Also, it will not
affect processing of your personal information under other lawful grounds.
Object to processing of your personal information
, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal
information.
Ask that you are not subject to automated decision-making
that has a legal effect or any other significant effect on you.
Complain to a data protection authority
. A list of privacy authorities is available
here
. In certain regions, you also have the right to
request compensation if you suffer damage due to unlawful processing of your Personal Data.
For California residents, please also review our
California Notice
for additional rights. For Nevada residents, please see
section 6.2
below.
To review and update personal information associated with your Peak player profile in our games, when otherwise permitted by applicable law, you and/or your legal representative
can open a support ticket within the Games or, alternatively, send an e-mail to
[email protected]
to request access to, or rectification or erasure of personal information held about you by Peak. Please ensure that you and/or your legal representative include your full name,
user identifier and a detailed description of your data request. Such requests will be processed in line with applicable laws.
Although Peak makes good faith efforts to provide Individuals with access to their personal information, there may be circumstances in which Peak is unable to provide access,
including but not limited to when the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, when the burden or expense of providing
access would be disproportionate to the risks to the Individual’s privacy in the case in question or when it is commercially proprietary. If Peak determines that access should be
restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you and/or your legal representative with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for
any further inquiries. To protect your privacy, Peak will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your
personal information.
For deletion requests, we will take reasonable measures to delete your personal information from our records. If you have sent content through or posted content on the Service,
we may not be able to delete it. We will keep certain records (e.g., personal information relating to payments or customer service matters) where we need (and have rights) to,
such as for legal or accounting purposes. We’ll also keep information in order to exercise, defend, or establish our rights.
If you are located in the Republic of Turkey, you have the rights listed under Article 11 of the 6698 No. Law on Protection of Personal Data.  Contact Us for your queries
and requests.
5.2 Managing Personal Information We Receive from Third-Party Applications / Platforms And From Your Mobile Device
To manage the information Peak receives about you from a third-party application or platform where you play our games, like Facebook, Apple, Google, or Amazon, you will need to
follow the third-party application’s instructions for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. The privacy management tools for applications on Facebook can
be found
here
.
You also can manage many aspects of information collection and use from your mobile device by visiting the “settings” page of your mobile device or web browser and reviewing the
access permissions of each Peak game / application.
Once Peak receives your information from a third-party application / platform or your mobile device, that information is stored and used by Peak in accordance with this Privacy
Policy. You may access and update that information as described above.
5.3 Opting Out of Promotional Communications
Push Notifications
. Peak may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications with game updates, high scores and other notices that may
be of interest to you. You may at any time opt out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
5.4 Opting Out of Third-Party Interest-Based Advertising
The online advertising industry provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate
in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy at
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page
or
Your Online Choices
and
Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page for U.S.-based advertising
. Please note that these opt out
tools are provided by third parties, and Peak does not operate or control these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.  These
third-party opt-outs are browser and device-specific and will not apply to your use of Peak’s Services through other browsers or devices.
If you do not want to receive personalized in-application advertisements from third parties on your mobile device, you may exercise that choice by visiting your mobile device’s
“settings” menu and adjusting the device’s ad tracking settings (such as turning off the feature to “Allow Apps to Request to Track”). Certain apps, such as the Digital
Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app can help you exercise your behavioral advertising choices and are available from some platform providers (such as Apple or Google). Like
the opt out tools mentioned above, these opt out tools are provided by third parties, and Peak does not operate or control these tools or the choices that advertisers and others
provide through these tools.
To be clear, whether you are using our opt out or an online industry opt out, these opt outs must be performed on each device that you wish to have opted out. Please note that
you may still receive third-party advertisements in the Services after using these opt-out tools, but the advertising you see may be less relevant to your interests.
6.  Region-Specific Notices
6.1  California
If you are a California resident, you may be able to exercise additional rights granted by California law in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected
(subject to certain limitations). For additional information concerning these rights, please review our
California Notice
.
6.2  Nevada
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will
collect about the resident. If you are a Nevada resident, you may exercise this right by submitting such a request to us at
[email protected]
.
7.  International Transfers
All personal information collected via or by Peak may be stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, in Turkey, the United States, the European Union, in the
cloud, on our servers and on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our Service Providers. When we transfer your personal information internationally, we will take
reasonable steps to ensure that it is treated securely, lawfully and in the manner we describe here. For example, in European Countries, this may include transferring personal
information to countries deemed safe by the European Commission, implementing the European Commission’s
Standard Contractual Clauses
or using another approved mechanism for transfers of personal information between our business partners and service providers (where applicable).
Please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, so the privacy laws applicable to the places where your information is transferred to or stored, used or processed
may be different from the privacy laws applicable to the place where you are resident.
By providing information to Peak, you acknowledge the storage of your personal information in these locations.
8. Data Retention
Peak retains the personal information collected as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was
collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements and comply with
applicable laws. Except as necessary to enable us to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend, or establish our rights, your personal information will be made
unrecoverable following a maximum of 24 months from the date of your last use of our Services.
We will take reasonable measures to delete this personal information if you delete your account. However, you acknowledge that we may retain some information after you have
closed, or we have deleted, your account with us where necessary to enable us to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend, or establish our rights.
9. Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not marketed to, or intended for, children.  For these purposes, we use the term "children" to refer to someone who is: (a) under 13 years old or, if older,
(b) between 13 and 18 years old but under the age at which they can give valid consent to processing of their personal information under applicable data privacy laws. Peak
strives to follow the different minimum age guidelines set by the laws of individual regions when determining the age that children can access certain features of our
Services.  Peak does not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children.  If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child who uses our games,
please contact us at
[email protected]
.  We will delete your child’s personal information if we are able to identify your child unless
you provide us with your verifiable consent for your child to continue to use our games.
10. Changes to Our Privacy Policy and Practices
We may revise this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion, so review it periodically. If you continue to visit this Site and use the services made available to you after such
changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, Peak will notify you by email or as otherwise
required by applicable law. We will post adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon
notice as applicable). If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.
11. Contact Information
If you have any questions about the privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact Peak’s data protection officer by email at
[email protected]
.
For purposes of data protection laws, Peak Oyun Yazilim ve Pazarlama AS is the “data controller” of your personal information.
Events
Unithon
Istanbul Tech Talks
Company
About Us
Life At Peak
Games
How We Work
Jobs
Links
Press
Terms & Privacy (Product)
Privacy (Job Application)
Contact
© Peak. All Rights Reserved