Intro
This is the Words And Maps Privacy Policy. This policy describes how Words And Maps and its third party marketing and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our apps on mobile devices.
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our apps, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. , including consenting to Words And Maps’ and our advertising partners’ use of your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the
Advertising
sections of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 9/19/2018.
Playing our games
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, you consent to the collection of information about you by us. Most of this data comes directly from you or your device, such as device information, country and region, and game play information.
Advertising
Our games may include advertising for third party products and services. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games, you consent to us and our advertising partners collecting and using information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our games.
Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies
To provide our games, Websites and interest-based advertising, we use ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies. This section describes our use of these technologies and how you can manage your preferences.
Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies are used by us to provide our apps to you and in order to collect data from your device. These technologies allow us and our third party advertising partners to:
recognise you and your device;
provide interest-based advertising to you;
allow our apps to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);
How do ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies work?
Ad identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising (the ‘IDFA’), which are uniquely associated with your device. Similar technologies include tracking pixels within ads. These technologies allow companies (including marketers and advertisers) to recognise your device when you use websites and applications.
Cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser on your desktop computer or mobile device.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact us via email to
aharmdroid@gmail.com