NHD SPORTS • POLICY
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. We reserve the right to amend these policies at any time. If you disagree with any of these Terms, Policies or Guidelines, you must immediately discontinue your access to the Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
By services we mean our mobile application (Android and on other platforms), a website (nhdsports.info and other subdomains), a support service (any mail in the nhdsports.info domain). We are not responsible for any actions that users or other companies take in relation to us on their sites, in their mobile applications or other services. Any links to our Service mean that we do not have any agreements with them until it is officially notified using our service.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service, which is accessible at current website.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may collect some information:
Profile information that you set in Profile of mobile app (currently name of you account, but in future updates also profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to profiles on other social networking websites)
Automatically collected data (such as IP Address, your browser type, operating system, language)
Mobile device data(such as your unique ID of your device, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), and your device name)
Game data (such as your interactions with the game and with the other users inside the game via server log files)
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
Remove Accounts
In order to save our database and optimize the server, we (or our system) will delete all accounts of our games/app everyday under the following criteria:
Accounts are inactive within 14 days
Multi accounts
Cheating activity in game/app
Create account but not use
Deleted accounts cannot be restored, so you need to play the game often to protect your account.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of
        protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is
        100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information
        from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information,
        We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has
        provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately
        after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us to email admin@nhdsports.info