
lifegamextrem S
lifegamextrem S.L..
Privacy Policy
Game Title:
memoria buscar parejas
Effective Date: DECEMBER 12th, 2019
©2019 lifegamextrem 
			S.L.
lifegamextrem S.L.. (“
LGE
”) 
respects the privacy of users of its mobile applications and has adopted the 
following privacy policy in furtherance of that commitment (the “
Mobile 
Application Platform Privacy Policy
”).
As described below, this 
Mobile Application Platform Privacy Policy applies to each LGE-operated mobile 
application where it is displayed or referenced (such as through an embedded 
hyperlink) (each, a “
Mobile 
Application
”), including with respect to the data collected from or 
provided by any user, or any user device, that accesses the Mobile Application. 
Data collected through other LGE products or services may be subject to a 
different privacy policy, which can be accessed through such product or service 
and/or at:
https://www.jocmania.com/legal
.
Any questions, comments, or 
concerns regarding this Mobile Application Platform Privacy Policy or LGE’s 
privacy practices, can be sent to
privacy@juegosde.info
LGE does not collect any 
information from users or user devices accessing this Mobile Application. 
However, the Mobile Application may enable the platform operator (as identified 
in the Addendum to this Mobile Application Platform Privacy Policy) to collect 
certain information from a user or a user device through services native to the 
user’s device’s operating system, subject to such platform operator’s applicable 
privacy policies.
ADDENDUM
For iOS Users
: 
	The Mobile Application enables Apple, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, 
	the “
platform 
	operator
” for iOS Mobile Applications), to collect information from 
	iOS users and iOS user devices, subject to Apple’s Privacy Policy (available 
	at:
https://www.jocmania.com/privacity.html
as applicable to the following Apple-operated, native iOS services: Game 
	Center, Apple Media Services (including in-app purchases through iTunes)
For Google Play 
	Users
: The Mobile Application enables Google, LLC and its affiliates (collectively, 
	the “
platform 
	operator
” for Android OS Mobile Applications downloaded from the 
	Google Play Store) to collect information from Android users and Android 
	user devices, subject to Google’s Privacy Policies (available at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
) 
	as applicable to the following Google-operated, native Android OS services: 
	Google Play Services, Google Payments.