Music Tiles - Magic Tiles
Music Tiles - Magic Tiles
Privacy policy
Music Tiles - Magic Tiles
This website for "Music Tiles - Magic Tiles" to provide technical support site, do not reprint!
Encounter any problem in the game, can contact us at any time. Contact EMail: halosdo@163.com
Privacy policy
The game attaches great importance to the protection of users' privacy, so this Privacy Policy has been formulated to cover how to collect, use, disclose, share and store users' information.
			   We may collect and use your information when users use our services. We wish to make it clear to you through this Privacy Policy that when using our Services,
			   How we collect, use, store, and share this information, and how we provide you with access, update, control, and protect this information.
			   This Privacy Policy applies to the user's interaction with the game and the user's registration and use of the game's services. We recommend that you read this Policy carefully.
			   To help you understand ways to protect your privacy.
By using or continuing to use our services, you consent to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Terms.
                If you have any questions about these Privacy Terms or related matters, please leave a message.
A、The information that we might collect
When we provide the Services, we may collect, store and use the following information about you.
                If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to register as a user of us or to enjoy certain services provided by us, or to achieve the intended effect of the relevant services.
（A）The information you provide
1、The relevant personal information you provide to us when you register for an account or use our services, such as telephone number, identification, email, etc.;
2、If your use of our Services needs to be connected with the user's bank account or account of other payment tools,
                You provide us with your bank account information or account information for other payment instruments;
3、The shared information that you provide to other parties through our Services and the information that you store when you use our Services.
（B）Other parties to share your information
Shared information about you provided by other parties when using our services.
（C）We have obtained your information
1、We may collect the following information when you use the Services:
（1）Log information refers to the technical information automatically collected by the system when you use our services, including:
o Device or software information, such as configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser, or other program used to access our Services,
                Your IP address and the version and device ID used by your mobile device;
o Information that you search for or browse while using our Services, such as web search terms you use, URL addresses of social media pages you visit,
                And other information and content details that you view or request to be provided when using our Services;
o Information about the mobile applications (APPs) and other software that you have used, and information about your previous use of such mobile applications and software;
o Information you communicate with through our Services, such as the account you have communicated with, as well as the time, data and duration of the communication;
o Information (metadata) contained in the content you share through our services, such as the date, time or location of the shared photo or video taken or uploaded.
（2）Location information refers to the information about your location collected when you turn on the device location function and use the relevant location-based services provided by us, including:
o Real-time information that you or other users provide that includes your geographic location, such as information about your location that is included in the account information you provide,
                Shared information uploaded by you or others showing your current or past geographic location, and geo-tagged information contained in photos shared by you or others;
o Your geo-location information collected by GPS or WIFI, etc. when you use our Services through mobile devices with location function;
o You can stop the collection of your geolocation information by turning off location.
B、How do we use your information
（A）We may use the information we collect in the course of providing the Services to you for the following purposes:
1、We offer our services to you. In the provision of our Services, it is used for authentication, customer service, security prevention, fraud detection,
                Archiving and backup purposes to ensure the security of the products and services we provide to you;
2、To help us design new services and improve our existing services;
3、So that we can better understand how you access and use our services, so that we can respond to your personalized needs, such as language Settings,
                Location Settings, personalized help services and instructions, or otherwise respond to you and other users;
4、To provide you with more relevant advertising to replace the general advertising;
5、Evaluate and improve the effectiveness of advertising and other promotional and promotional activities in our Services;
6、Software certification or management of software upgrades;
7、Involve you in research about our products and services.
（B）In order to give you a better experience, improve our services or other uses you agree to, subject to the relevant laws and regulations,
					 We may use the information collected through one service to aggregate or personalize the information for our other services.
					 For example, information collected when you use one of our services may be used in another service to provide you with specific content
					 or to show you information that is relevant to you and that is not generally pushed.
					 You may also authorize us to use the information provided and stored by such service for our other services if we provide the appropriate option in the relevant service.
C、How do you access and control your personal information
We will try our best to take appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update and correct your registration information or other personal
				information provided when using our Services. In accessing, updating,
				When correcting or deleting the foregoing information, we may require you to verify your identity to protect the security of your account.
D、How do we share your information
We and our affiliates will not share your Personal Information with any third party without your consent, except in the following circumstances:
（A）We and our affiliates may share your Personal Information with our affiliates, partners and third party service providers, contractors and agents
				 (e.g. communication service providers that send out emails or push notifications on our behalf, map service providers that provide us with location data) 
				 for the following purposes (they may not be located in your jurisdiction) :
o To provide you with our services;
o Achieving the purpose described in the section "How we may use the information";
o To fulfill our obligations and exercise our rights in this Privacy Policy or any other agreement entered into with you by the Game;
o Understand, maintain and improve our services.
If we or our affiliates share your Personal Information with any of the above third parties,We will endeavour to ensure that such third
				parties comply with this Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures that we require them to comply with
				when using your Personal Information.
（B）As our business continues to grow, we and our affiliates may enter into mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions,
				and your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will inform you prior to the transfer.
（C）We or our affiliates may also retain, retain or disclose your Personal Information for the following purposes:
o You authorize or consent to the disclosure of the game;
o Comply with applicable laws and regulations;
o Comply with the provisions of court orders or other legal proceedings;
o Comply with the requirements of the relevant government authorities;
o For the purpose of complying with applicable laws and regulations, safeguarding the public interest, or protecting the personal and property safety
				or legal rights and interests of our customers, us or our group companies, other users or employees;
o In accordance with the relevant provisions in the Terms of Service and Statement of the Game, or in other cases deemed necessary by the Game.
E、Information security
（A）We retain your personal information only for the period necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and for the period required by laws and regulations.
（B）We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect against loss, improper use,
				unauthorized access or disclosure of information. For example, in some services,
				We will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect the personal information you provide.
				However, please understand that due to technical limitations and possible malicious means,
				Even with all our security efforts, we can't always guarantee that our information is 100 percent secure.
				You need to understand the systems and communication networks that you use to access our services,
				There may be problems due to factors beyond our control.
F、The information you share
We have a number of services that allow you to publicly share your information not only with your online games,
				but also with all users of the service. For example,The information you upload or publish in our Services
				(including your public personal information, your established list), your response to the information uploaded
				or published by others,And include location data and log information related to this information. Other users
				of our Services may also share information about you (including location data and log information).In particular,
				our social media services are designed to enable you to share information with users around the world,You can make
				shared information widely available in real time. As long as you do not delete the shared information, it will
				remain in the public domain; Even if you delete shared information,The information may still be cached, copied or
				stored independently by other users or third parties outside our control, or may be kept in the public domain by
				other users or such third parties.
Therefore, you are requested to carefully consider the content of information you upload, publish and communicate
				through our services. In some cases, you can control who has access to the information you share through the privacy
				Settings of some of our services.If you request to remove your information from our services, please do so in the manner
				provided by these special service terms.
Users of this game can choose whether or not to disclose information. Some information is necessary to register with our
				services, but most other information is provided at the discretion of the user. The game will be based on user comfort
				and choice of the first.
This game provides users with countless online interactive activities. In order to facilitate users to participate in
				interactive activities and obtain interactive prizes, this game usually requires applicants in addition to their contact
				information (address and telephone number),They should also fill out a form based on their personal interests. Such
				information is used by the game to accumulate data about its users. If the user does not wish to provide the requested
				information and participate in such activities, it is entirely at the user's discretion.
G、Special note on information update and disclosure
（A）The game encourages users to update and modify their personal information to make it valid. Users of this game can easily
				access and modify their personal information at any time. Users can modify or delete their information at their own discretion.
（B）Whenever you voluntarily disclose your personal information (such as on message boards, via email or in chat areas), such information
				may be collected and used by others, thereby causing disclosure of your personal information.The game does not assume responsibility,
				if you publish your personal information in the above channels, you may cause the disclosure of personal information. Therefore, we remind and
				ask you to carefully consider whether it is necessary to disclose your personal information in the above channels.
H、Sensitive personal information that you share
Certain personal information may be considered sensitive due to its special nature, such as your income, savings, securities, commercial insurance,
				real estate information, and tax amount information. Please note that the information you provide in our services,Upload or publish content and
				information that may disclose your sensitive personal information. You need to carefully consider whether to disclose your sensitive personal information
				when using our services. You agree to handle your sensitive personal information for the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy Terms.
I、We may send you mail and information
（A）Email and push messages. When you use our Services, we may use your information to send email, news or push notifications to your device.
				If you do not wish to receive this information, you can follow our instructions and choose to unsubscribe on your device.
（B）Service related announcements. We may send you notices related to the Service when necessary (for example, when a service is suspended for 
				system maintenance). You may not be able to cancel these announcements that are related to the service and are not promotional in nature.
J、Third party services in our services
（A）Our Services may include or link to social media or other services (including websites) provided by third parties. Such as:
1、You use the "Share" button to share certain content to our services, or you use a third party connection service to log in to our services.
2、We provide you with links through advertising or other means of our Services that enable you to access third party services or websites.
（B）Such third party social media or other services may be operated by the relevant third party or by us. Your use of the social media services
				or other services of such third parties (including any personal information you provide to such third parties),Subject to the third party's Terms
				of Service and Privacy Terms (but not these Privacy Terms), which you need to read carefully. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information
				collected by us,Do not apply to the services provided by any third party or the rules governing the use of information by third parties, and we
				are not liable for any third party's use of the information provided by you.
K、Minors using our services
(A)This game suggests that any minor should obtain the prior consent of his or her parent or legal guardian (hereinafter referred to as "guardian") to
				participate in online activities.The game will be in accordance with the relevant national laws and regulations to protect the relevant information of minors.
（B）Parents or guardians are encouraged to direct minors under the age of 18 to use our services. We advise minors to encourage their parents or guardians
				to read this Privacy Policy,Minors are advised to seek parental or guardian consent and guidance before submitting personal information.
L、Scope of application of privacy policy
（A）These Privacy Terms apply to all of our services, except for certain services. These specific services will be subject to specific personal information
				protection statements. Specific personal information protection claims for specific services,Will be more specific about how we use your information in such
				services. The Personal Information Protection Statement for this particular Service forms a part of these Privacy Terms.If there is any inconsistency between
				the personal information protection statement of the specific service and the Privacy Terms, the personal information protection statement of the specific
				service shall apply.
（B）Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, words used in this Privacy Policy will have the same meanings as those defined in other disclosure terms of the game.
（C）Please note that these Privacy Terms do not apply to:
1、Information collected by third party services (including any third party websites) accessed through our Services;
2、Information collected by other companies or agencies that advertise on our Services.
M、We encourage you to review our privacy policy every time you visit the game.
Contact us
Contact EMail: halosdo@163.com