Privacy
Policy
This
document “Privacy Policy” (hereinafter referred to as “Policy”)
is the terms and conditions for collection and use of the Personal
information of the User (hereinafter referred to also as “You”)
by Overmobile Limited Liability Company (hereinafter referred to as
“Overmobile”) when you use the gaming software “Pocket Tower”
that is comprised of the software programs and databases having the
form of: i) software application for Android and IOs mobile devices
(hereinafter – the Mobile application); ii) the set of websites,
forums, chats available at the sections and sub-domains of the common
domain at
https://tower.game
;
iii) gaming applications available within social networks and other
third party online-resources;
USER’S
CONSENT:
By
accepting this Policy, you with your own free will and for your
benefit give your written consent to the processing of User’s
Personal Information for the purposes and under the terms and
conditions stipulated by this Policy.
General
	Provisions
This
		Policy is an integral part of the License Agreement for the Game
		that is posted and/or available on the Internet at
http://appru.nebo.mobi/nebo-support/license-en.html
(hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement”). Therefore, when
		executing the above said Agreement by methods defined therein
		including by starting the use of the Game you fully accept the
		terms of this Policy.
Methods
		of processing of Personal Information include any action
		(operation) or a combination of actions (operations) with Personal
		Information including collection, recording, systematization,
		storage, updating (refreshment, modification), extraction, use,
		transfer (distribution, provision, access) including transfer to
		the territories of the foreign countries, depersonalization,
		blocking, deletion, destruction in the purposes established by this
		Policy with/without the use of automated facilities.
The
		terms and definitions provided for by the Agreement are used
		herein, as well as other agreements entered into with the User,
		unless otherwise provided for by this Policy or follows from the
		merits thereof. In other cases, the terms used in the Policy shall
		be interpreted in accordance with the applicable laws, the business
		practice, or scientific doctrine.
Personal
	Information
Personal
		Information in this Policy means as follows:
Information
			that User provides about him/her upon authorization as well as
			during further use of the Game.
Data
			transmitted in a depersonalized form in automatic mode, depending
			on the settings of the User’s software including operating
			system of User’s device.
Overmobile
		is entitled to establish requirements for the composition of the
		User’s Personal Information, which are mandatory for the use of
		the Game. If certain information is not marked by Overmobile as
		mandatory, it is provided or disclosed by the User at his/her
		discretion.
To
		use the Game, the User doesn’t have to perform authorization and
		provide information about himself/herself.
Registration
and authorization with the Game is implemented with use of such
authentication services as
Facebook,
Vkontakte, Odnoklassniki
,
Google Play, Apple Sign in, etc. Upon authorization User provides
personal information through use of such authentication service as
follows: identifier in relevant authentication service . In order to
fill out an account in the Game, the User can also provide the
following personal data about himself/herself: nickname.
To
pay for the license to the Extended version of the Game via mobile
operator, the User provides mobile phone number.
The
User’s activity in the Game is recorded in the Game’s databases
and server logs.
User
		acknowledges and accepts that at use of the Game depersonalized
		(anonymous) data may be collected automatically, including by the
		third party software in the Game.
The
aforementioned third party software may include following analytic
systems:
•
App
Center, that is a software product of Microsoft,
that
collects and processes data according to privacy statement available
at:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/ru-ru/privacystatement
;
•
Firebase,
that is a software product of Google,
that
collects and processes data according to data use policy available
at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
;
•
Facebook
Analytics,
that
collects and processes data according to data use policy available
at:
https://web.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy?_rdc=1&_rdr
•
Devtodev,
that
collects and processes data according to privacy policy available at:
https://www.devtodev.com/policy
;
•
IronSource,
that
collects and processes data according to privacy policy available at:
http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
The
above mentioned list of the third party software is not limiting.
Overmobile may use other similar services (software) and/or cease the
use of the listed one.
Anonymous
data collected with such third party software may include:
User’s
			device data, including unique identifiers of User’s device,
			operating system data (type, version, screen resolution) and so
			on;
query
			data (time, source, IP address);
other
			information about User’s activity in the Game.
The
scope and conditions for collection and use of anonymous data by such
software’s titleholders are determined directly by their
titleholders and governed by documents available at their websites.
Accepting
this Policy as well applying certain setting in his/her software
including device’s operating system, the User agrees with
conditions for collection and use of data by the titleholders of
above listed software.
Overmobile
		will not verify the reliability of the provided Personal
		Information and whether the User has the necessary consent for the
		processing thereof in accordance with this Policy, believing that
		the User acts in good faith, carefully and makes every effort to
		keep such information up to date and obtain all necessary
		agreements of the subjects of personal data.
Legal
	basis of processing of Personal information
The
legal basis on which Overmobile relies for the use of Personal
information includes:
Processing
		of Personal information where User has given consent for one or
		more specific purposes;
Processing
		of Personal information that is necessary for performing a contract
		to which User is a party;
Processing
		of Personal information that is necessary for pursuing the
		Overmobile’s legitimate interests. Specifically, the Overmobile’s
		legitimate interests consist of ensuring safety and improving
		functionality of the Game; of data analysis; settlement of
		conflicts during the gaming process, protection Overmobile and the
		Users from fraud.
Policy
	with regard to children
Overmobile
		does not intentionally collect personal data from children younger
		than 16, it does not request it and does not allow them to use the
		Game. If Overmobile gets to know that the information was collected
		from a child under 16, Overmobile shall immediately delete such
		information. If you think we could have obtained any information
		from a child or about a child under 16, please, contact us through
		e-mail indicated herein.
Purposes
	for Personal Information Processing
Overmobile
		performs processing, including collection and storage only personal
		data that is required for entering into and executing agreements
		with the User.
Overmobile
		is entitled to use the Personal Information for the following
		purposes:
Identification
			of the User within the fulfillment of the Agreement.
Registered
and authorized User is identified by identifier in relevant
authentication service.
The
User that paid for the license to the Extended version of the Game
is
identified by
mobile phone number.
Fulfillment
			of obligations under the Agreement, including providing the User
			with an opportunity to use the Game.
Within
the scope of the relevant functionality of the Game Overmobile
stores, organizes and displays in the Game the profiles of registered
Users.
Payment
for
the
license to the Extended version of the Game via mobile operator
requires the User’s mobile phone number.
Communication
			with the User as informational servicing within the Agreement
			and/or improvement of the Game’s quality;
User
may be served with informational SMS to the mobile phone number. User
has the right to give up on such communications at any time and turn
them off by following the instructions in SMS or by sending relevant
request at
support@overmobile.ru
Marketing,
			statistical and other research based on anonymous data from the
			analytics systems stipulated in the paragraph 2.4 hereof.
Anonymous
data stipulated in the paragraph 2.4 hereof is collected and analyzed
to get an insight on the Users’ interests and preferences.
Targeting
			of advertising and/or informational materials based on
			depersonalized data from the analytics systems stipulated in the
			paragraph 2.4 hereof.
Anonymous
data stipulated in the paragraph 2.4 hereof may be used to provide
advertisements which you can be interested in.
User’s
	Rights to User’s Personal Information
Subject
		to specific provisions of applicable law, the User has the right:
to
			be informed about the collection and use of his/her personal data.
to
			access his/her personal data and have it corrected if it is wrong
			or incomplete.
to
			restrict the processing of his/her personal data where the
			accuracy of the personal data is contested, where the processing
			is unlawful, and where Overmobile no longer needs the personal
			data for the purposes for which Overmobile has processed it.
to
			object to the processing of his/her personal data and also
			restrict its processing in those instances where Overmobile
			undertook processing of it in carrying out a task in the public
			interest or where necessary for our legitimate interest where
			there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.
to
			withdraw consent that User had given to the collection and
			processing of his/her personal data at any time. If User does
			withdraw his/her consent to the collection and processing of
			personal data, that withdrawal shall not affect the lawfulness of
			any processing by Overmobile that is based on the consent User had
			given before he/she withdrew it.
to
			obtain the deletion of his/her personal data when it is no longer
			relevant to the purposes for which it was collected or processed,
			when User has withdrawn consent and there is no basis for us to
			continue processing, when User has objected to further processing
			and there is no compelling interest for continued processing, and
			when the data was unlawfully processed.
not
			to be a subject to a decision based solely on automated
			processing, including profiling, which produces legal affects
			concerning User or similarly affecting User, except where there is
			a lawful basis for continued processing.
to
			receive personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine
			readable form for the purpose of data portability in those
			instances where Overmobile processes by automated means personal
			data that User has provided.
These
		rights may be exercised by contacting Overmobile with specific
		request through the methods described below. Overmobile will
		address any such requests in a timely manner and according to
		applicable law. In certain cases, Overmobile may ask User to verify
		identity before acting on User’s request. If User is unsatisfied
		with Overmobile’s response, User may refer his/her complaint to
		the relevant supervisory authority in User’s jurisdiction.
Personal
	Information Storage Retention
All
		Personal Information that is collected will be stored only as long
		as is necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it is
		collected, or as long as is permitted or required by applicable
		law. Periodically, Overmobile will review its data processing
		systems to determine whether or not the purposes for the collection
		and processing of User’s personal data remain valid. That
		determination will be based on factors that include, but are not
		limited to, whether or not you are still in contact with
		Overmobile, whether or not any requests made by User from
		Overmobile have been fulfilled (including any follow-up tasks),
		whether or not there is a contractual relationship between User and
		Overmobile, and whether or not there is a contractual or legal
		basis for continuing to retain User’s personal data. Based on
		that review and any notifications received from data subjects,
		Overmobile will update its systems.
Requirements
	for the Personal Information Protection
Overmobile
		stores the Personal Information and provides its protection against
		unauthorized access and distribution in accordance with internal
		terms and regulations.
With
		regard to the User’s Personal Information, its confidentiality is
		protected, except for the cases when the technology of the Game or
		the configuration of the User’s software provides for an open
		exchange of information with other Users of the Game or with any
		Internet users.
Transfer
	of the Personal Information
Overmobile
		is entitled to transfer Personal Information to third parties in
		the following cases:
The
			User expressed his/her consent to such actions, including when the
			User applies the settings of the used software that do not limit
			the provision of certain information;
The
			transfer is necessary in the context of the User’s use of the
			Game’s functionality;
In
			connection with the Overmobile’s use of the services of third
			party providers. Such third party providers receive Personal
			Information under the confidentiality conditions and solely for
			the purposes of rendering services to Overmobile.
In
			connection with use in Game of third party software for collection
			and processing of User’s data. Specifically, Overmobile may use
			the third party software for collection and processing of User’s
			data according to clause 2.4. of this Policy.
Due
			to whole or partial transfer of Overmobile’s assets to the third
			party, including assignment of rights under agreements concluded
			with the User in benefit of such third party;
Upon
			request of a court or other state authority within the procedure
			established by law;
To
			protect the rights and legitimate interests of Overmobile in
			connection with failure to comply with the agreements entered into
			with the User.
Amendments
	to and deletion of the Personal Information
User
		may send request for amendment or deletion of the Personal
		information to Overmobile to the email address stated below in this
		Policy.
Any
		questions and requests related to this Policy, use, amendment,
		deletion of the User’s Personal Information and/or exercising of
		any User’s rights with respect to the Personal Information can be
		mailed to Overmobile to the email address stated below.
Amendments
	to the Privacy Policy
This
		Policy may be amended or terminated unilaterally by Overmobile
		without prior notice to the User. The User is recommended to read
		this Policy in the current version regularly.
The
		new version of the Policy becomes effective upon its placement,
		unless otherwise provided for by the new version of the Policy.
The
		current version of the Policy is available at:
https://appru.nebo.mobi/nebo-support/policy-en.html
Overmobile
LLC
Address:
Russia, Novosibirsk city, Mysi Djalilya street, building 3/1, office
507, P.O. 630055.
State
registration number (OGRN): 1115476129603.  Tax registration number
(INN):5408290672
e-mail:
support@overmobile.ru
The current version of the Policy of
24.02.12
The
Russian Federation is outside the European Economic Area. An adequacy
decision by the Commission with respect to the Russian Federation is
absent.