Mouse House - Terms of Service
Search this site
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Mouse House
Home
Terms of Service
Help
Mouse House
Home
Terms of Service
Help
More
Home
Terms of Service
Help
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
End User License Agreement.
For iOS version of the game Apple Licensed Application End License Agreement applies:
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/
For Android version of the game Google Play Terms of Service applies:
https://play.google.com/about/play-terms/index.html
TERMS OF USE
1. About these Terms
1.1. These Terms of Use create a legal agreement between You (“you” or “your”) and TIPPING POINT LIMITED  (“Tipping Point”, “we”, “us” or “our”) in relation to our game titled “Mouse House” that is made available for download at App Store and Google Play Store (the “Game”).
1.2. You can access or use the Game, or create an account (whether access the Game through a third party such as Facebook) after you agree to be bound by these Terms and agree to collection, use and storage of certain personal information about you by Tipping Point as outlined in our Privacy Policy below these Terms of Service.
1.3. You represent and warrant to us that you have read and understood these Terms and you are of sufficient legal age or otherwise have legal capacity to legally enter into these Terms.
2. Personal Information and Privacy
Any personal information submitted through the Game or indirectly through a third party such as Facebook by you is subject to our Privacy Policy below these Terms of Service.
3. In-Game Accounts
In order to participate in or use the Game, you may be required to maintain an account with a third-party social networking site (such as Facebook) through which you will access the Game (“Account”).
When registering Account, you choose a username. You can also choose an avatar from the standard set of avatars that We offer in Game. If you accessed Account through a third-party networking site (such as Facebook), your avatar from such networking site will be used for your Account. Since you use your username and avatar of your own choosing, Tipping Point shall under no circumstances be liable for your choice of username and/or avatar, including cases where they contradict any applicable law, ethics, morality, are offensive, contain pornographic elements or violate rights and legitimate interests of third parties.
Your Account is for your individual, personal and non-commercial use only, and you may not authorize others to use your Account for any purpose. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of, and restricting access to, your Account and password you use to enter such Account, and you agree to accept sole responsibility for all activities that occur under your Account or password. You agree to notify us immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account or any violation of these Terms by others of which you are aware.
4. In-Game Clans
4.1. When playing the Game you can create or join the Clans of players (the “Clan”). A Clan is an association of players with in-Game Clan chat. Members of Clans will have the ability to take part in Clan events. Clans can be created for free. Leader of the Clan can choose and edit a description of the Clan, Clan avatar, minimum level of a player to join the Clan, as well as the privacy of the Clan (“open Clan”, in which can participate any user who meets the conditions of the minimum level, and “Clans with limited access”, which you can join only by approval of your application by Clan Leader). Clan Leader can also expel players from the Clan at his/her discretion.
4.2. You hereby agree that Tipping Point shall under no circumstances be liable for the following:
Your choice of Clan names;
Any content of Clan chats;
Descriptions of Clans;
Any content which is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, hateful, or racially, sexually, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, contains advertising, pornography, etc.
4.3. You agree to indemnify and hold Tipping Point harmless from and against any claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including but not limited to court costs and reasonable fees for attorneys and other professionals) which arise as a result of  any claims of any third parties regarding the content of Clans.
Clan Leaders shall solely be responsible for any content of Clans. In case of violations specified in clause 4.2 or Article 7 We shall have the right to disable an account of the user, suspend or delete a Clan or disable accounts of  all Clan members for an unlimited period of time and without any refunds.
5. E-mail Notices
By providing us your email address you consent to our use of your email address to send you Game-related notices. We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as information on changes to features of the Game and special offers. We will request your explicit consent to send you such additional offers and/or features. If you change your mind and no longer wish to receive these email messages, you may unsubscribe by using the unsubscribe option in the applicable email. You may also email us at
support@t-point.dev
in order to change any of your subscription settings.
6. Ownership
We retain exclusive rights (license) of the Game and all content and materials developed or provided by us in connection with the Game, and all related intellectual property rights. Subject to your full compliance with these Terms of Use, we hereby grant you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, personal and non-transferable license to access and use the Game for your personal, non-commercial use. We reserve all right, title and interest in and to the Game, subject only to the limited license granted to you above. In addition, we reserve the right to terminate this license at any time.
7. User Guidelines and Restrictions. Prohibited Content
You agree that you will not in connection with your use of the Game:
(a) Abuse or harass any other user, member or person;
(b) Collect or store personally identifying information about other users, including for commercial or unlawful purposes;
(c) Impersonate any person or entity;
(d) Employ misleading email addresses or falsify information in any part of any communication related to the Game;
(e) Engage in any activity which may compromise the stability or availability of the Game or use the Game to compromise the availability or stability of any third-party site or service;
(f) Use the Game for any unsolicited advertising or promotions;
(g) Use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers or the like to download data from the Game or any related server or database;
(h) Decompile, disassemble, modify, translate, adapt, reverse engineer, create derivative works from or sublicense the Game, or any portion thereof;
(i) Circumvent any security measures or any payment collection methods employed in or through the Game, or access or use the Game in the event your Account, or your access, is terminated or suspended by Us;
(j) Upload, post, email, otherwise transmit or post links to any content or material, or select any member or user name or email address, in a manner that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, hateful, or racially, sexually, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
(k) Upload, post, email, otherwise transmit or post links to any content or material that infringes any patent, trademark, service mark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any person, or that contributes to, induces or facilitates this type of infringement;
(l) Upload, post, email, otherwise transmit or post links to any content or material that contains software viruses, worms, Trojan horses, time bombs, trap doors or any other computer code, files or programs or repetitive requests for information designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment or to diminish the quality of, interfere with the performance of, or impair the functionality of the Game or any third party software, site, equipment or service;
(m) Upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit or post links to any content or material that violates any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation, or which we deem improper in accordance with our guidelines and policies;
(n) By-pass the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Game, including but not limited to, features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Game or the content therein; or
(o) Rent, lease or sublicense the Game.
In case of violations specified in this Article 7 We shall have the right to disable Your account for an unlimited period of time and without any refunds.
8. Virtual Items
8.1 Certain aspects of the Game may allow you to obtain points, data or other fictional property representing virtual achievements (“Virtual Items”). You understand and agree that regardless of the terminology used, Virtual Items represents a limited license right governed solely by the terms of these Terms of Use and available for distribution at our sole discretion. Virtual Items are not redeemable for any sum of money or monetary value from us or any other person at any time. You acknowledge that you do not own the Account you use to access the Game, nor do you possess any rights of access or rights to data stored by us or on our behalf on any servers, including but not limited to, any data representing or embodying any or all of your Virtual Items. You agree that we have the absolute right to manage, regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate Virtual Items as we see fit in our sole discretion. All data on our servers are subject to deletion, alteration or transfer.
8.2 NOTWITHSTANDING ANY VALUE ATTRIBUTED TO SUCH VIRTUAL ITEMS OR DATA BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY VIRTUAL ITEMS, DATA, ACCOUNT HISTORY AND ACCOUNT CONTENT RESIDING ON OUR SERVERS MAY BE DELETED, ALTERED, MOVED OR TRANSFERRED AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE AND WITH NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND EXCEPT IS STATED BY APPLICABLE LAWS.
8.3. Virtual Items purchased on App Store and Google Play Store will be subject to those platforms’ payment terms and conditions. We do not control how you can pay on those platforms. Please review those platforms’ terms of service for additional information.
9. Paid Services and Billing Policies
9.1. Fees and Billing: Certain aspects of the Game may be provided for a fee or other charge. If you wish to use paid aspects of the Game, you agree to the terms of sale, pricing, payment and billing policies applicable to these fees and charges, which will be provided at the time you make the applicable purchase. We may add new services for additional fees and charges, however, we will not charge you additional fees unless you purchase these new services. In addition, certain messaging, service and other standard fees and charges may be charged by your service provider.
9.2. No Refunds. You may cancel your user Account with us at any time; however, there are no refunds for cancellation. As permitted under these Terms of Use, we have the right at any time for any reason or for no reason to suspend or terminate your Account, terminate these Terms of Use and/or refuse any and all current or future use of the Game without notice, refund, obligation or liability to you. In the event that we suspend or terminate your Account or these Terms of Use, you understand and agree that you shall receive no refund or exchange from us or otherwise. YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT TIPPING POINT IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS UNLESS OTHERWISE IS NOT DETERMINED BY THE RULES OF APP STORE AND/OR GOOGLE PLAY STORE OR OF APPLICABLE LAW.
9.3. Taxes. You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you. We may revise the pricing for subscriptions to its games or Virtual Items we license to you through the Game at any time.
10. Advertising
As consideration for the limited license and rights granted to you under these Terms of Use you agree that we shall have the right to provide advertising, promotions, offers and other information to you by email or other means of communication. Our Privacy Policy explains what information we share with advertisers. Please read it.
Sometimes we provide links in our Game to other companies’ websites or to companies who invite you to participate in a promotional offer and offer you some feature or upgrade (such as in-game currency) in exchange. Any charges or obligations you take on in dealing with these other companies are your responsibility.
We make no representation or promises about any content, goods or services these other companies provide, even if linked to or from our Game. Also, just because we allow a link to be included in our Game does not mean we endorse that linked site. We are not liable for any claim relating to any content, goods and/or services of third parties.
Please also note that the linked sites are not under our control and may collect data or ask you to provide them with your personal or other information, or they may automatically collect information from you. When you use other companies’ services like these, the other company’s service may (or may not) ask you for permission to access your information and content. We are not responsible for these other companies’ content, business practices or privacy policies, or for how they collect, use or share the information they get from you. Your relationship with that other company will control how it can use, store, and share your information.
11. Termination
We reserve the right without liability to terminate, suspend or restrict these Terms of Use or your Account, or your access to or use of the Game, with or without notice, for any reason, including but not limited to, if we believe that you have violated these Terms or any applicable laws or regulations. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any interference with or termination of your access to the Game.
12. Customer Service
If you have questions about your Account or the Game please contact us at
support@t-point.dev
. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to keep your Account and the Game operational. However, certain technical difficulties or maintenance may, from time to time, result in temporary interruptions. It is also possible that a failure of the Game may occur. We reserve the right at any time, and from time to time, to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, functions and features of the Game with or without notice. We shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any of the direct or indirect consequences of any modification, malfunction, suspension, discontinuance of or interruption to the Game.
13. Copyright Infringement
We may, in our sole discretion, remove any data and materials which you or any other users download when using the Game that appears to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others.
14. Disclaimer of Warranties
THE GAME IS PROVIDED  ON “AS IS” BASIS AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAWS PROHIBIT TERMS OF USE FROM DISCLAIMING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY, THE APPLICABLE IMPLIED WARRANTY SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE MINIMUM WARRANTY AND WARRANTY PERIOD REQUIRED BY LAW. WE CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DO NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE GAME. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE GAME WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE CONDUCT OF USERS OF THE GAME. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR USEFULNESS OF ANY INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE GAME BY USERS OF THE GAME; OR ADOPT, ENDORSE OR ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT MADE BY USERS THAT APPEARS THROUGH THE GAME.
15. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOST PROFITS ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE GAME, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THESE TYPES OF DAMAGES. YOU FURTHER AGREE TO INDEMNIFY US AND HOLD US HARMLESS FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES AND EXPENSES IN THE EVENT THAT YOU FIND OTHER USERS’ CONTENT TO BE OFFENSIVE, HARMFUL, OBSCENE, INACCURATE OR DECEPTIVE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO US, IF ANY, DURING THE 90 DAY PERIOD IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DATE ON WHICH YOU ASSERT THE APPLICABLE CLAIM. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
16. Force Majeure
We shall not be held responsible or liable for any delay or failure in performance hereunder caused by acts of God (or natural disasters), terrorism, strikes, embargoes, fires, war, or any other cause beyond our reasonable control.
17. Notices
Except as explicitly stated otherwise, legal and other notices (including but not limited to notices of legal proceedings) shall be delivered to us:
Name: TIPPING POINT LIMITED
Address: Themistokli Dervi 3, Julia House, 1066, Nicosia, Cyprus
Email: support@t-point.dev
Except as explicitly stated otherwise, legal and other notices (including but not limited to notices of legal proceedings) shall be delivered to you through a posting in the Game.
18. Enforceability
If any provision of these Terms of Use is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, it is, to that extent, deemed omitted and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
19. Entire Terms
These Terms of use (including all terms and conditions incorporated herein by reference) constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between Tipping Point and you with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior oral or written understandings, communications or agreements not specifically incorporated herein.
20. Changes to Terms
20.1. You can access these Terms of Use at any time by using the link at
https://sites.google.com/view/world-of-mice/terms-of-service
.
We can make changes to these Terms without any notice and at any time. Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of these Terms of Use. Your continued access or use of the Game following changes to these Terms will be deemed acceptance of the applicable changes.
20.2. If you do not agree to any of these Terms of Use, do not use or access the Game.
20.3. If you have questions about these Terms of Use, please contact Us at support@t-point.dev.
21. Applicable Law and Venue
These Term of Use shall be governed and construed subject to the laws of the Republic of Cyprus. You agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the Courts of the Republic of Cyprus in respect to any matters or disputes relating to our Game.
TIPPING POINT PRIVACY POLICY
TIPPING POINT LIMITED
(“Tipping Point”, “we”, “us” or “our”)
is committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal data. We treat your personal data confidentially in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Privacy Policy. We are the controller within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation, “GDPR”).
This Privacy Policy
(“
Policy
”)
describes how we use and protect any personal information that we collect from users of our online and mobile games including, but not limited to “Mouse House: Puzzle Story” (the “Games”) and our website located at https://sites.google.com/view/world-of-mice/home (the "Website").
The term
“Services”
refers to the act of providing you with the opportunity to use the Games, Website, in-game account (“
Account“)
, as well as any of our other products and services (including support services, forums) related to the Games.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any websites, applications or services that do not display or link to this Privacy Policy or that display or link to different privacy policies.
CONTROLLER’S NAME AND CONTACT DETAILS
Controller in the sense of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other data protection or data privacy laws in the Member States of the European Union and other guidelines with a data protection nature regarding to our Website and Games is:
Name: TIPPING POINT LIMITED
Address: Themistokli Dervi 3, Julia House, 1066, Nicosia, Cyprus
Email: gpdr@gaming-point.net
1. GENERAL INFORMATION IN BRIEF
We process personal data only when necessary for the performance of a contract with you. Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or based on our legitimate interests, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms for which require the protection of your Personal Data.
Our legitimate interests are to provide our Services in an effective, safe and harmless manner. We want to provide everyone with a fair and balanced experience when using our Services.
2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In relation to your use of our Services, we gather information either directly from you (when you provide information to us) or indirectly (e.g. through our Website’s or Game’s technology). We may collect information from you because we have a legal reason (allowed by law or under contract) to collect the information, or because you have consented for us to do so for a specific purpose.
2.1. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We collect Personal Data and other information that you voluntarily provide. It is entirely your decision to provide the requested information. However, your use of certain Services is possible only if you provide required information. For the purposes of registration and authorization in our Services you will have to provide the following information and data:
Your name and e-mail address;
Information that you post, comment or like in any of the Game forums and Website;
Information that you send through Zendesk client integrated into the Game or using contact form  https://micepuzzle.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/newfunctionality in the Game;
Information you provide when you request information or support from us.
2.2. INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM FACEBOOK
There is no option to create Account within the Game, though you can access the Game and use the Services by your Facebook account. When you access our Services by your Facebook account, you provide us with information from your Facebook account, as authorized by you and Facebook based on your privacy settings. This information may include:
Your Facebook ID;
Your name on Facebook;
Your gender and birthday;
Your profile picture;
Information in your Facebook profile which you made publicly available;
Your location and the location of the devices you use to access Services;
A list of your friends who play the game;
Avatars of your friends who play the game;
Names of your friends who play the game;
IDs of your friends who play the game.
Please check Facebook’s Privacy Policy and the available privacy settings and controls on Facebook to learn more about how you can control the information collected and shared with us through Facebook.
2.3. INFORMATION COLLECTED AUTOMATICALLY
Our Website and Services may collect some data automatically, for example:
Your browser type/ browser version;
Your operating system;
Your IP addresses;
Referrer URL;
Time of the server request;
Information about model or type of device you use to connect to our Website or Services;
Your advertising ID (IDFA, IDFV);
Your  MAC address, IMEI, Carrier, device token;
Screen DPI;
What parts of our Website you access on and how long you look at our Website;
Your location and the location of the devices you use to access Services.
This information is necessary to enable you for use of our Website and Services. These data cannot be attributed to specific persons. These data is not combined with other data sources. The processing of these data for the above-mentioned purposes is required for the protection of our legitimate interests, namely the usability of our Website and Services. You can limit the collection of some of the information through the standard privacy settings of the Internet browser or via settings of your device. We will delete this information as soon as it is no longer required for your use of our Website and/or Services. These data are stored by us on our servers and are not passed on to third parties. We reserve the right to check these data at a later date if we become aware of specific indications of illegal use.
2.3.1. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY OUR WEBSITE AND THIRD PARTY ANALYTIC SOFTWARE (COOKIES)
We and our partners, such as marketing partners and analytics providers, use
“
Cookies
”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyse how users use our Website and Services, and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to recognise you and/or your device(s) on, off and across different devices and our Services, as well as to improve the Services we are offering, to improve marketing, analytics or website functionality. The use of Cookies is standard on the internet. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, the decision of whether to accept or not is yours. You may adjust your browser settings to prevent the reception of cookies, or to provide notification whenever a cookie is sent to you. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to access the full functionality of our Website.
Website traffic volume and patterns, such as the number of visitors to a given website or page on a daily basis is typically referred to as “
Tracking Data
”. This type of indirectly collected information is gathered through various means, such as an IP address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web. Web servers, the computers that “serve up” web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you visit our Website, our servers log your computer’s IP address.
Third-Party Cookies.
Additionally, we may use third-party advertising companies, including Facebook, MyTracker, AppsFlyer, IronSource, MRGService to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may use cookies and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness and allow more effective targeted advertising. You may adjust your browser settings to prevent the receipt of third-party cookies, or to provide notification whenever such third-party cookies are sent to you.
2.3.2. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY OUR SERVICES (GAME RELATED INFORMATION)
We may also collect some data regarding your activity within our Services, such as:
Your user ID;
Your Nickname, picture and other Game player Profile Data;
Date of your Account registration;
Last in-game login date;
Information on your in-game payments and in-game purchases;
Information on your in-game behavior (Game progress and gameplay actions);
Screen resolution;
Default device language;
Processor specs, list of supported texture formats and OpenGL profile.
2.4. PAYMENT INFORMATION
If you conduct paid transactions in the Game, you may be required to provide payment information, such as your credit card number, to our payment partners. We do not receive payment information you provide to our payment partners, and your payment information is subject to the payment partner’s terms of use agreement and privacy policies, and not this Privacy Policy.
3. LEGAL BASIS OF PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may process your information in case of:
We provide you Services;
You have given us permission to do so;
Compliance with the law.
We need to process your Personal Data in order to fulfil the contract with you according to Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR. We will use your Personal Data, unless otherwise prohibited by law, for the following purposes:
for registration and authorization purposes in our Services;
to provide you with the Services you request;
for the purposes of in-game behavior analyses and improvement of our Services and indicating technical problems;
to charge in-game currency  under your in-game payments;
to communicate with you about your Account and send you information about features on our Services or changes to our policies;
to provide you with support including, but not limited to, product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar communications.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
4.1. COMMUNICATION PURPOSES
We will use your Personal Data for our legitimate interests according to Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR to notify you and provide you with information about features on our Services, new product releases and service developments and to advertise our products and services in accordance with this Policy. Namely, once you have created an Account we may use your email address, nickname, IP address, in order to send you emails, messages and targeted in-game and web offers about Games. Also, if you opt-in, we will send you emails, messages and targeted in-game and web offers about Tipping Point offline events, co-projects of Tipping Point and its partners, as well as about Tipping Point games.
4.2. SERVICES IMPROVEMENT PURPOSES
We analyse the Tracking Data, content data and Game-Related Information to identify how to improve the Services and our operations to make them more interesting for our players in general. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys and you have choices about the information you provide.
4.3. FRAUD AND VIOLATIONS OF TERMS OF USE DETECTION
We use the information required for our detection, investigation and prevention of cheating in the Game and violations of Terms of Use and Game rules and policies only for the purposes of such detection, investigation and prevention of cheating in the Game. If the data can be used to prove that cheating or another fraud or Terms of Use violation has occurred, we will further store the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims during the applicable statute of limitations.
5. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with third parties, either because you have consented to allow us to do so or for legal reasons. For example, we may share your personal information with:
Our group companies, which means our subsidiaries, or our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries;
Subcontractors and third parties for the purpose of providing you Services;
With third parties because you have given consent.
Data regarding your activity within the Services (information on your in-game purchases and information on your in-game behavior) can be shared with our partners for the purposes of in-game behavior analyses and improvement of our Services, indicating technical problems and rendering add offers which allow you to receive in-game bounces.
If Tipping Point or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held by Tipping Point about users of our Website and Services will be one of the transferred assets of the company.
In addition, we will share your personal data with third parties for the following reasons:
If we must comply with a legal obligation;
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use, or other agreements;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Tipping Point, our customers or others;
To prevent fraud or to reduce our credit risks.
In order to combat illegal activities, we can provide data to government authorities at their request. We may also disclose your data with your permission in order to comply with the requirements of the law or protect the rights and interests of our company or others.
We may share your personal data with the following categories of third parties:
5.1. Payment partners:
we may share your device IDs, IP address, information about in-game purchases requested by you, and other information you provide to us for the purpose of fulfilling your purchase requests with such companies as Apple Inc., Google LLC.;
5.2. Advertising and advertising measurement partners:
we share some of your information such as your advertising ID (IDFA, IDFV) in order to facilitate targeting, delivery, and measurement of online advertising on third-party services, or otherwise facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, or of interest to you, with such companies as MyTracker, AppsFlyer, Facebook, IronSource, Unity Technologies APS, MRGService, Applovin, AdMob, Firebase;
5.3. Data storage partners:
your game data is stored on the servers of Amazon Web Services, Inc.;
5.4. Research partners:
we may provide access to some of your data, such as your Game statistics, to provide marketing-related and other research. We share anonymous data with our partners unless your personal data is necessary for the requested services or research;
5.5. Customer support partners:
for some territories and products we engage third parties to provide you with appropriate customer support services. Such companies may get access to your personal data, including personal data that you may provide in your customer support requests. Such partners include Zendesk Inc;
5.6. External moderators and testers:
some limited data about you (such as your nickname, content of customer support ticket) may become available to third party volunteering moderators and testers who contribute to providing you with better Services, e.g. to quickly respond to your questions about the Games.
5.7. Tipping Point subsidiaries and affiliates:
as a global company, we collect information that may be processed in our offices worldwide. Your information may also be processed outside of the European Economic Area, e.g. in the United States, the Russian Federation, or any other country in which we, our affiliates or subsidiaries maintain presence.
5.8. Change of control:
we may share your data as part of our company’s sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any entity which buys us, or part of our business will have the right to continue using your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
When your personal data is shared with Tipping Point affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as third parties outside the European Union or the European Economic Area, Tipping Point guarantees an adequate level of personal data protection, including but not limited to, by entering into standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission with Tipping Point affiliates and subsidiaries, as well as such third parties. We will provide you with a copy of the standard data protection clauses upon your request.
5.9. Sharing anonymous information.
We also may share anonymous information, i.e. information which does not directly or indirectly disclose your identity, and aggregated information (meaning information about groups and categories of users, including game statistics and behaviour, but which does not identify and that cannot reasonably be used to identify any individual user) with our advertising partners. We may also allow our advertisers to collect anonymous information and aggregated information within the Services and they may then share that information with us. Our advertisers may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons. This enables our advertisers to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Services and on the websites of third parties, so that they can try to serve you with advertisements for products and services that are most likely to be of interest to you. Advertisers will also use this information to monitor, improve or modify their operations.
6.  INFORMATION SECURITY
We and our employees understand the need for user privacy, and we maintain reasonable and appropriate security procedures to protect your information from loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into due account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Data.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we use best practice to ensure your data is encrypted to the standard required in the GDPR to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data as it is transmitted and stored.
7. PROCESSING INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTIES
We may share Personal Data with our affiliates, subsidiaries, vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Policy. For example, we may hire companies to assist with protecting and securing our systems or services. Any vendor or agent that we retain must comply with our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. Those companies may be located outside of the European Economic Area. Read more in Section 5. “How we share your information”.
8. DATA RETENTION
We will not retain your personal information for longer than required.
We will keep your personal information:
For as long as required by law;
Until we no longer have a valid reason for keeping it;
Until you request us to stop using it.
For example, we keep your personal information which we received by Services, until such Services is operated by us. If we cease operation of Game all your personal information collected by such Game will be deleted by us. Although, we can keep your e-mail to send you information about our new services and products until you refuse to receive them.
We may keep just enough of your personal information to ensure that we comply with your requests not use your personal information or comply with your right to erasure. For example, we must keep your request to be erased even if it includes your personal data until such time as you are no longer our user.
9. WHAT IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO PROVIDE US WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If the personal information is necessary for registration and/or use of our Services and/or use functionality of our Website, then you will not be able to use our Services and/or enjoy full functionality of our Website.
10. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
From time to time our Website or Services may contain links to and from websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites may have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for any such policies. Please check these policies, where available, before you submit any personal data to these websites.
11. YOUR RIGHTS
11.1. OPT-OUT OF DIRECT MARKETING
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications, including our mobile Games, by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest-based ads” (Android).
11.2. RIGHT TO OBJECT
Where processing of your Personal Data is based on legitimate interests according to Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, you can use your right to object at any time. If you object we will no longer process your Personal Data unless there are compelling and prevailing legitimate grounds for the processing or the data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
11.3. RIGHT OF ACCESS
You have the right to access your Personal Data that we hold about you, i.e. the right to require free of charge (i) information whether your Personal Data is retained, (ii) access to and/or (iii) duplicates of the Personal Data retained. Normally, we provide the duplicate of the Personal Data retained within 30 (thirty) days upon your request. Once the archive with the Personal Data we retain is ready, you will be able to download in it from our resources. If the request affects the rights and freedoms of others or is manifestly unfounded or excessive, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee (taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested) or refuse to act on the request. We also will not be able to provide you with some Personal Data that you may post or provide using our Services regardless of our request not to provide the Personal Data in this particular field, website, etc.
11.4. RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION
If the information we hold about you is inaccurate or not complete, you have the right to ask us to rectify it. Please contact us if you need us to rectify your information: gpdr@gaming-point.net
11.5. RIGHT TO ERASURE
This is sometimes called ‘the right to be forgotten’. If you want us to erase all your personal data and we do not have a legal reason to continue to process and hold it, please contact us: gpdr@gaming-point.net.
11.6. RIGHT TO RESTRICT PROCESSING
You have the right to ask us to restrict how we process your data. This means we are permitted to store the data but not further process it. We keep just enough data to make sure we respect your request in the future.
11.7. RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY
We must allow you to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across services in a safe and secure way without this affecting the usability of your data.  This right only applies to personal data that you have provided to us as the data controller. The data must be held by us by consent or for the performance of a contract.
11.8. RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
If you have given us your consent to process your data but changed your mind later, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and we must stop processing your data.
11.9. RIGHT TO COMPLAIN TO SUPERVISING AUTHORITY
If you are of the opinion that we do not process your personal data in accordance with the statutory regulations, you have a right of appeal to a competent supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 of GDPR.
12. WE CAN CHANGE THIS POLICY
We may change this Policy from time to time for various reasons, such as legal and regulatory changes, changes in industry practices and technological developments that need to be reflected. You should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Website and Services after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
© TIPPING POINT LIMITED 2019
© TIPPING POINT LIMITED 2019
Report abuse
Google Sites
Report abuse