SkillTwins Football Game 2
SkillTwins Football Game 2
Our updated terms of service
From May 25 all our current and future games will be compliant to the demands of the General Data Protection
                    Regulation (GDPR). This means you get more control over how your personal data is used, by making active
                    choices.
You can find out more by reading our Privacy Policy.
Read more:
https://privacy.hellothere.se
Appodeal
This App personalizes your advertising experience using Appodeal.
Appodeal and its partners may collect and process personal data such as device identifiers, location data,
                    and other demographic and interest data to provide advertising experiences tailored to you.
By consenting to this improved ad experience, you`ll see ads that Appodeal and its partners believe are more
                    relevant to you.
You can always optout later through the ingame menu.
By agreeing, you confirm that you are over the age of 16 and would like a personalized ad experience.
I understand that even if I do not optin I will still see ads, but they may not be entirely relevant to me.
Read more:
https://www.appodeal.com/privacy-policy
Facebook Analytics
This app uses Facebook Analytics to gather and process data about your device and behavior in this app.
Facebook Analytics collects gameplay and device information like the mobile OS type and version, the SDK
                    version, app name, app version, the device optout setting, the user agent string and the client IP address.
                    It also collects the following device related metrics: time zone, device OS, device model, carrier, screen
                    size, processor cores, total disk space, remaining disk space as well as the iOS IDFA or Android Advertising
                    ID.
This information helps us tailor games and ads for players and their devices, such as providing ads designed
                    for specific device types, player languages, and game preferences.
You can always optout from the ingame menu.
Read more:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Unity Analytics
This app uses Unity Analytics to collect and process data about your device and behavior in this app.
Unity Analytics collects gameplay and device information. The only Personally Identifiable Information collected
                    is device ID and IP address. The other data collected includes hardware specs, usage data, inapp purchase
                    behavior, and custom event data.
This information helps us tailor the app for players and their devices, such as player languages, and game
                    preferences.
You can always optout later from the ingame menu.
Read more:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Information
Should you change your mind about your data settings, you can update them at any time.
If you have questions or need help, please send an email to
support+gdpr@hellothere.se