Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how our app deals with the personal identifiable information ('PII') you may occasionally provide to us via Internet (the Google Play Platform).
When you use our app, we will receive some information (e.g. device information, system, the language you've set). We don't collect any of your PII through our app (e.g. your name, age, email address). We even don't have a server to store such PII.
Information we collect
Ads - Our app uses some providers to show ads. These ads providers use cookies only to identifies your device, then show ads that are relevant to our app's kind. We don't share any user's data with Facebook or other parties (Verified by BBC & Privacy International).
Analytics - We use third party analytics tool, Google Analytics, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the service. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our services, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other pages they use prior to coming to our services. We use the information get from Google Analytics only to improve our services.
Log file - The only situation we may get access to your PII is when you personally decide to email us your feedback or to provide us with a bug log report. The PII we may get from you in that situation are strictly limited to your name, email address, device information, location Information and your survey response only.
How we use your information we collected
We filter categories of sensitive and unsuitable ads for those who identify themselves as children under the age of 18. We guarantee that the collected information will only be used for contacting users, improving performance and getting a better understanding of what users need. We will never use such information (e.g. your name and email address) for any other purposes, such as to further market our products, or to disclose your personal information to a third party for commercial gains.
Contact us
It should be noted that whether or not to send us your feedback or bug report is a completely voluntary initiative upon your own decision. If you have concern about your PII being misused, or if you want further information about our privacy policy and what it means, please feel free to email us at support@easyhealth.ltd, we will endeavor to provide clear answers to your questions in a timely manner.