Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 30, 2023
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes how we treat information that we collect and receive related to your
                    use of our products, services, and websites. Our primary goal in collecting information is to
                    provide and improve our products and services.
General
1.This Privacy Policy applies to all products, software, services, and websites of EasyFun Game
                    (“EasyFun Game”, “our”, “we”, or “us”) (collectively, the “Services”). By accessing and using the
                    Services, you (“you” or “your”) consent to this Privacy Policy for the collection, use, disclosure,
                    and handling of your personal and device information.
2.The Services are intended only for use by individuals who are able to enter into legally binding
                    contracts. If you are under 13 years old or not able to legally form binding contracts, you may not
                    use any of the Services or submit information about yourself to us. If you have objections to this
                    Privacy Policy, you should not access, sign up for, or use any of the Services.
3.We reserve the right to modify these policies at any time, and we encourage you to periodically
                    review this section for possible updates and changes. We may notify you of any major changes by
                    email or a system message to your account.
4.If you wish to contact our Privacy Officer, you may do so by emailing
Easyfunsortsup@outlook.com
.
Acceptance
Please read this policy carefully before accessing or using our Services. By accepting this Privacy
                    Policy, you agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your information as described
                    in the following sections. If you disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy, you must not use
                    the Services.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW
Personal Information:
When you sign up for a user account for any of the Services, we collect personal information that can
                    be used to identify you ("Personal Data" or "data" or "information"). We may also collect Personal
                    Data automatically or from third-party partners or services. The Personal Data we collect includes:
1.Account Information
We collect some information from you directly, such as via email, online form, support feature, or
                    other inquiry. This may include your name, email, and phone number.
2.Device Information
When you access our website or use our software, we collect information such as IP addresses,
                    location data,device ID, advertiser ID, browser type and settings, device type and settings, and
                    operating system (such as iOS and Android).
We collect the following types of data for the purposes stated below:
Ad ID: For analytics, fraud prevention, security and compliance, app functionality,
3.Activity and Usage Information
While accessing or using the Services, we may automatically collect information about how you
                    interact with the services. This may include your IP address, device identifier, advertising
                    identifier, MAC address, operating system, browser type, language preferences, referring and exiting
                    pages, crash data, location data, purchasing activity, and other data regarding your activities on
                    the Services. For more information, see the section on Cookies and Similar Technologies ("Tracking
                    Technologies").
4.Information we obtain from third parties
Our app integrates SDKs from several analytical service providers for app optimization purposes.
                    These third-party SDKs may collect your information such as GAID (Google Advertising ID on Android
                    devices) or IDFA (Identifier for Advertising on iOS devices), region (defined as the location where
                    a given languageis used), location information, and IP address. This Policy does not govern our
                    third-party analytical tools. You can find their privacy policy on their websites. You will find a
                    list of our partners implementing analytical SDKs through our applications hereafter:
•Adjust
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
•Firebase
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
•Facebook Analytics
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
•Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
5.Information From Social Media Platforms
You may also choose to create an account with us using your Facebook or Google account credentials.
                    When you log in using your Facebook or Google account, you authorize Facebook or Google to provide
                    us with your personal information such as your name, profile picture, email address, language
                    preference, and other information as listed in the authorization.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We and our third-party advertising networks and partners may use cookies and similar technologies,
                    such as mobile "SDK," to provide and personalize our Services and to provide targeted
                    advertisements. Some of these technologies can synchronize behavior across different mobile apps,
                    devices, and websites so that advertisements can be tailored to your interests. This process is
                    called personalized advertising. In addition, we and certain advertising networks may access your
                    inventory of installed apps to avoid advertising already installed apps. If you'd like to opt-out of
                    having advertisements personalized in this way on your mobile device, please see the "Opt-out of
                    targeted advertising" section below.
How and WhyWe Use Your Information?
1.We use your information for various purposes such as communicating with you, ensuring that our
                    services work as intended, improving our services, developing our business, and protecting against
                    fraud and spam.
2.We provide the information we collect to third parties, such as advertisers, in order to provide
                    you with commercial advertisements. This generates revenue to pay for the services, but we do not
                    provide personal information to third parties except for billing purposes. If youwould like more
                    information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by
                    these companies, click here (
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
).
3.To achieve these purposes, we may use different technologies to process your information, including
                    automated systems to analyze your information and provide personalized services and advertisements,
                    and analyze your information to detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
4.We use third-party advertising networks to serve personalized advertisements in our services. Our
                    legal basis is legitimate interests to run our business. We will not actively share or sell your
                    information. However, if you are in the European Economic Area, Norway, or Switzerland, some of our
                    third-party advertising networks will rely on your consent to process Personal Data to provide
                    personalized advertising to you. You will be asked whether you consent to the collection of your
                    mobile device advertising identifier and IP address for this purpose.
To opt-out or withdraw your consent from receiving personalized advertisements, see the “Opt-out of
                    targeted advertising” section below.
We collect the following types of data for the purposes stated below:
Read External Storage: For game performance optimization.
Write External Storage: For game performance optimization.
Security
We implement industry-standard security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration
                    of the information under our control. However, please be aware that no data transmission over the
                    Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security
                    of any information you transmit on or through the Service, and you do so at your own risk.
Transfers of Your Information
If you choose to use the Service or provide your information to us, your information may be
                    transferred to, processed, and maintained on servers or databases located outside the country or
                    jurisdiction where you are located, including the United States. Such countries may have laws that
                    are less protective than the country in which you reside. If you do not want your information
                    transferred to or processed or maintained outside the country or jurisdiction where you are located,
                    you should not use the Site or Service.
Age Limits
Our services are primarily intended for users aged 13 and above. and our services does not collect or
                    use any personal information of children under the age of 13, including their name, address, email
                    address, phone number, geolocation data, or any other information that can directly or indirectly
                    identify a child. If we discover that a child is using our application, we will immediately delete
                    their personal information. We take the privacy of children very seriously and comply with the
                    requirements of COPPA, CCPA, CPRA, VCDPA, GDPR, and other applicable laws and regulations to protect
                    children's privacy. If you are a parent or guardian, please ensure that your child does not provide
                    us with any personal information. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy,
                    please feel free to contact us at
Easyfunsortsup@outlook.com
.
Links to Other Websites and Third-Party Ads
The services may include advertisements regarding or contain hyperlinks to other websites, including
                    those of our business partners, vendors, and advertisers. Advertisements for third parties and their
                    products may be included with the services, and those third-party advertisements and websites may
                    include a cookie, web beacon, or other device(s) of the third party. We do not have control over the
                    cookies, web beacons, or other devices used by third parties and do not have access to whatever
                    information they may collect. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the content
                    or privacy practices employed by third parties.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California residents have the right to know if we sell or share their personal data, as well as the right to opt out of such sale or sharing for targeted advertising purposes.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the additional rights
                    listed here. To exercise these rights, see the “Exercising Your California PrivacyRights” subsection
                    below.
Social sharing features
You have the right to know and see what information we have collected about you over the past 12
                    months, including:
-The categories of information we have collected about you;
-The categories of sources from which the information is collected;
-The business or commercial purpose for collecting your information;
-The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your information; and
-The specific pieces of information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete the information we have collected from you (and direct
                    our service providers to do the same). There are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but
                    are not limited to, when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the
                    following:
-Complete your transaction;
-Provide you a good or service;
-Perform a contract between us and you;
-Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
-Fix our system inthe case of a bug;
-Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
-Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
-Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public
                    interests that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
-Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which
                    you providedit.
Right to Opt-out
You have the right to “opt-out,” or direct us to stop “selling” or otherwise sharing your information
                    with third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. To submit an opt-out
                    request, please follow the instruction under the ‘Opt-out of targeted advertising’ paragraph found
                    above, to configure the Privacy Setting in any of our app or by checking your device privacy
                    settings.
Disclosure of Your Information
1. If you violate laws and regulations (such as sendingharassment messages), we will legally disclose
                    your personal information.
2. Your payment information may be shared with third parties as needed for billing purposes and to
                    prevent fraud.
Retention
1. Personal data shall be processed and stored as long asrequired by the purpose they have been
                    collected for.
Therefore:
· Personal data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between us and you
                    shall be retained until such contact has been fully performed.
· Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Company’s legitimate interests shall be retained as
                    long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the
                    legitimate interests pursued by the Company within the relevant sections of this document or by
                    contacting the Company.
2. The company may be allowed to retain personal data for a longer period whenever the User has given
                    consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Company may
                    be obligated to retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the
                    performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
3. Once the retention period expires, personal data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access,
                    the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be
                    enforced after expiration of the retention period.
Your Privacy Rights Under Applicable State Law:
If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Connecticut, Utah, or Colorado, you have certain
                    privacy rights, subject to applicable law:
Deletion: You have the right to request that EasyFun Game delete your personal information, subject
                    to applicable law. However, please note that we may be required by law to retain certain information
                    and may not be able to fulfill your request. If you share devices with someone else who uses our
                    Services, that person may lose game progress or related Account information and access if you
                    request deletion of your personal information. Additionally, if you decide to use or access the
                    Services again, you will need to create a new Account, and we may collect personal information
                    associated with that Account in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Opt-Out of "Sale" and Certain Sharing Practices: depending on the app you are visiting and your
                    relationship with us, you have the right to opt-out of certain information sharing practices with
                    Third Parties who do not act as our Service Providers. In some states, like California, this
                    information sharing may qualify as a “share” or a “sale,” while in other states, like Virginia, this
                    information sharing may qualify as “targeted advertising” (collectively, “personalized
                    advertising”). If you wish to opt-out of personalized advertising associated with our games, please
                    contact us at Easyfunsortsup@outlook.
Correction: If we have inaccurate personal information about you on file, you have the right to
                    request that we correct it.
Obtain additional details regarding EasyFun Game information practices: You may request additional
                    information about our information practices, which are generally available in this Privacy Policy.
Verification and Appeal Process: We are required by law to verify your identity before fulfilling any
                    requests related to your privacy rights. Please note that there are certain exemptions to safeguard
                    public interest or our interests that may affect your ability to exercise these rights. If we are
                    unable to process your request via our in-game feedback system, we may verify your request by asking
                    for information sufficient to confirm your identity, such as your name, email address, and
                    information about your interactions with us or with one of our games. We may grant your request in
                    whole, in part, or not at all, depending on the scope and nature of the request and as permitted by
                    applicable law. If we reject your request, we will notify you and provide the reasons for our
                    decision.
Appeal Process for Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut Residents: If you are a resident of Colorado,
                    Virginia, or Connecticut, you have the right to appeal a request that we deny after verifying your
                    identity. If your request is denied, we will send you information about the appeal process
                    separately.
For Individuals in European Economic Area, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom
1. This section only applies to individuals that access or use our Service while located in the
                    European Economic Area, Switzerland and/or United Kingdom (collectively, the “Designated Countries”)
                    at the time of data collection. We may ask you to identify which country you are located in when
                    youuse some of the Services, or we may rely on your IP address to identify which country you are
                    located in.
2. We act as a data controller with regard to any personal information collected from individuals
                    accessing or using its Service. A “data controller”is an entity that determines the purposes for
                    which and the manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties that act as
                    our service providers or are otherwise acting on our behalf are “data processors” that handle your
                    personal information in accordance with our instructions.
3. Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information. We describe our legal bases for processing
                    throughout this Policy. Below is a list of the purposes described in our policy with the
                    corresponding legal bases for processing:
· Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes;
· provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any
                    pre-contractual obligations thereof;
· processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
· processingis related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of
                    official authority vested in the Owner;
· processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a
                    third party.
In any case, we will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing,
                    and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement,
                    or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
4. Your IndividualRights. We provide you with the rights described below when you use our Service. If
                    you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us at
Easyfunsortsup@outlook.com
.Please note, we may seek
                    to verify your identity when we receive an individual rights request from you in order to ensure the
                    security of your personal information.
· Right to Withdraw Your Consent. If we ever asked for your consentto process your personal
                    information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. A withdrawal of consent will
                    not affect the lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third parties based on consent
                    before your withdrawal.
· Rightof Access. Upon your request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information in
                    our files without undue delay and free of charge, unless we permitted by law to charge a fee. Your
                    access may be limited to the extent it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other
                    individuals.
· Right to Rectification (or “Correction”). You may request to correct or update any of your personal
                    information in our files. We may provide you with the ability to update some or all of your personal
                    information directly via the Services.
· Right to Erasure (or the “Right to be Forgotten”). Upon your request, we will erase any of your
                    personal information in our files that: is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which
                    it was collected or otherwise processed; was collected in relation to processing that you previously
                    consented to, but later withdrew such consent; or was collected in relation to processing activities
                    to which you object, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.
· Right to Restriction. You have the right to restrict our processing of your personal information
                    under certain conditions. During the time which restriction of processing applies, we will only
                    process your restricted personal information with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or
                    defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or
                    for reasons of important public interest. We will inform you if or when the restriction is lifted.
· Right toObject. You may object to our processing at any time and as permitted by applicable law if
                    we process your personal information on the legal bases of: consent; contract; or legitimate
                    interests. We may continue to process your personal information if it is necessary for the defense
                    of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law.
· Right to Data Portability. If we process your personal information based on a contract with you or
                    based on your consent, or the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to
                    receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to
                    have us transfer your personal information directly to another “controller,” where technically
                    feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights and freedoms of others. You
                    right to data portability only applies to personal information provided by you to us.
· Notification to Third Parties. When we fulfill your individual rights requests for correct (or
                    rectification), erasure or restriction of processing, we will notify third parties also handling the
                    relevant personal information unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
                    Upon your request, we will identify such third parties.
· Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling. You have the right not to be subject to
                    a decision based solely on automated processing of your personal information, including profiling,
                    which produces legal or similarly significant effects on you, unless an exception applies under
                    applicable law.
· Limitations to Individual Rights Requests. We may limit your individual rights requests in the
                    following ways:
i. Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
ii. When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
iii. To protect our rights and properties; and
iv. Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
· Transfer of Your Personal Information. We transfer your personal information subject to appropriate
                    safeguards as permitted under the applicable data protection laws. Specifically, when your personal
                    information is transferred out of the Designated Countries, we have the required contractual
                    provisions for transferring personal information in place with the third-parties to which your
                    information is transferred. For such transfers, we rely on legal transfer mechanisms such as
                    Standard Contractual Clauses or we work with U.S. based third parties that are certified under the
                    EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
· Right to Lodge Complaints. If you believe that we have infringed or violated your privacy rights
                    under applicable law or this Policy, please contact us at
Easyfunsortsup@outlook.com
,so that we can work with
                    you to resolve your concerns. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a competent
                    supervisory authority situated in a Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place
                    of alleged infringement.
Class Action Exemption Clause
By using our mobile game product, you agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or
                    relating to this Privacy Policy, the use of our product, or any other related matter shall be
                    resolved through individual arbitration. You also agree that any such arbitration will
                    be conducted only on an individual basis, and not as a class, consolidated, or representative
                    action. You further agree that you waive your right to participate in any class action lawsuit or
                    class-wide arbitration against us or any of our affiliates, employees, officers, directors, or
                    agents.
This means that you and we agree to resolve any legal disputes or claims on an individual basis
                    through binding arbitration, rather than in court or through a class action lawsuit. This class
                    action exemption clause applies to all claims and disputes, including those that arise before or
                    after the termination of this privacy policy or your use of our product.
If any part of this class action exemptionclause is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the
                    remaining parts will still be in effect. This clause does not affect your right to file a complaint
                    with a government agency that has jurisdiction over the matter, such as the Federal Trade Commission
                    (FTC).
By using our mobile game product, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to this
                    class action exemption clause. If you do not agree to this clause, you should not use our product.
APPENDIX A -Advertising networks and their partners
Amazon Developer
·Amazon Developer is an advertising service provided by Amazon, Inc. (US). Amazon does not require
                    opt-in or opt-out signals from users in our Services, relevant signals are collected directly from
                    the user upon creating an account in such service. Privacy Policy: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
                    You can manage your personalized ad preferences in relation to Amazon directly from your Amazon
                    account here:
https://www.amazon.com/adprefs
AppLovin
·AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation (US) Privacy Policy:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Chartboost
·Chartboost is an advertising service provided by Chartboost, Inc. (US) Privacy Policy:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Facebook Audience Network
·Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook, Inc. (US) that may collect
                    or receive information from our apps and other apps and use that information to
                    provide measurement services and targeted ads. Facebook does not require opt-in or opt-out signals
                    from users in our Services, relevant signals are collected directly from the user upon creating an
                    account in such service. Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You can
                    manage your personalized ad preferences in relation to Facebook directly from your Facebook account.
Fyber
·Fyber is an advertising service provided by Fyber Group. (Israel) Privacy Policy:
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
Google AdMob and their partners
·AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc. (US) For more information on how AdMob uses the collected
                    information, please visit the Privacy Policy of Google: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ For
                    more information on AdMob Partners, please visit: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
                    You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
IronSource
·IronSource is an advertising service provided by IronSource, Inc. (US) and does not require opt-in
                    or opt-out signals from users in our Services, since they provide only non-personalized ads in our
                    Services. Privacy Policy
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
MoPub and their partners
·MoPub is provided by MoPub, Inc. (US) For more information on what information MoPub collects and
                    how it's used, please read MoPub Privacy Policy:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
For more
                    information on MoPub Partners, please visit:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/
You can
                    opt-out from MoPub service by following the instructions on MoPub Opt-out page:
https://www.mopub.com/optout/
PubNative
·PubNative is an advertising service provided by PubNative GmbH (Germany) Privacy Policy:
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
Smaato and their vendors
·Smaato is an advertising service provided by Smaato, Inc. (US) Privacy Policy:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
For more information on the Smaato
                    Vendors, please visit:
https://www.smaato.com/partner-list/
Unity Ads
·Unity Ads is an advertising service provided by Unity Ads Inc. (US) Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
·Vungle is provided by Vungle, Inc. (US) You can opt-out from Vungle service by following the
                    instructions as described by Vungle on their Privacy Policy page:
https://vungle.com/privacy/