Contact Us
Casual Game Dev Team
Private Policy
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how Casual Game Dev Team (also referred to as "Casual Game Dev Team,"  "we," "us," or "our"), collects, stores, uses and protects your information when you use our apps from download in the Google Play Store, Apple App Store or any other third party app store, or are pre-installed on third party devices (the "Apps"), or any other websites, pages, features, or content owned or operated by Casual Game Dev Team(collectively, including the Site and Apps, the "Services").
Personal Information
In this Policy, the term "personal information" includes any information that identifies or makes an individual identifiable. When you access or use our Services, we may generally collect the personal information from you when you register on our App or enter information on our App.We do not collect personal information such as your name, email address or billing information, or other information that can be reasonably linked to such information. However, we may use personal information for the following purposes:
1.Help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service;
2.Manage online surveys and other activities you have participated in.
3.In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
((4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
Non- Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user's behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve user experience, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name, the data of install, frequency of use, country, equipment and version.
How We Use Information
We collect user information and personal details so that we can provide our products and our Services to you and ensure our compliance with relevant laws. We will use your user information and personal details collected under "Personal Information" for the following purposes:
(1) Services To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our Sites and/or our Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services provided through our devices or our Sites.
(2) Statistical analysis To develop and analyze statistics on the use of our products and our Services for the purpose of improving our products and our Services.
(3) To provide location-based services When you use our Services, we or third-party service providers may take advantage of your location information to provide you with the correct version of our Services and improve your user experience.
How do we protect your information?
We are committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. We have physical, technical and administrative safeguards in place to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. In addition, we require that our service providers handling personal information also maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us.
However, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information or that loss, misuse, unauthorized acquisition, or alteration of your data will not occur. We also have no way of protecting any of your personal information that is not in our control, such as any information transmitted via email or wireless connections.
Maintaining the security of your personal information is also your responsibility. Where we require you to register an account, you should choose a password of sufficient length and complexity and keep your password confidential. Do not leave your device unlocked so that other individuals may access it. Make sure you trust the wireless connections you are using to access or use our Services.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include our partners and other parties who assist us in operating our App, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our applications or would like to make a complaint, please contact us via
luu.hui.ting@gmail.com