Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 8, 2019
This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies to the collection, use and disclosure of personal and non-personal information by Innovation Puzzle Games (“we”, “our” or “us”) and the mobile apps published by Innovation Puzzle Games (the “Apps”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection, use or disclosure of personal and non-personal information through any apps for which Innovation Puzzle Games is not the publisher. By downloading, installing and using the Apps, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms between you and Innovation Puzzle Games Team.
1 Information We Collected
1.1 Personal Information.
We do not collect Personal Information.  Personal Information is information that identifies you or another person, such as your first name and last name, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your device.
1.2 Non-personal Information.
We collect your non-personal information when you visit our website or use our apps, including your device information, operation system, device type, logs. For example, as many websites, we may use cookies to obtain the above information when your web browser accesses our website.
1.3 Information you provide.
We may collect your information when you communicate with us or you give us.
2 How We Collect Information
When you access or use the App, we do not automatically collect any general information about you. If we collect any information from you, we will ask for your permission. The information we collect from Apps is called non-personal information which doesn’t directly identify an individual. Innovation Puzzle Games may collect non-personal information about your use of the Platforms to help us improve our services or for other purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you log into the App using a third party site or platform such as Facebook, Apple Game Center and Google Sign-In, we access information about you from that site or platform, such as your screen name, profile information and friend lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third party site or platform provided that you have given the third party site in question such consent.
If you log into the App using a third party site or platform, you represent and warrant that (i) your access and use of such features in connection with the App will comply with the applicable terms and policies of such site or platform; and (ii) that you are over the minimum age limit that is prescribed for such third party site or platform by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions.
3 Storage of information
Innovation Puzzle Games will not store your personal data.
4 Sharing of information
We will provide your information to third party companies to perform certain services, including but not limited to payment processing, data analysis, e-mail delivery, hosting services, customer service and to assist us in our marketing efforts. We may share (i) aggregated information (information about you and other users collectively, but not specifically identifiable to you); (ii) anonymous information; and (iii) certain technical information (including IP Addresses and mobile device IDs) to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Games and on the websites of third parties.
We may also allow advertisers to collect these types of information within the Apps. Advertisers may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons. The information collected may be used to offer you targeted ad-selection and delivery in order to personalize your user experience by ensuring that advertisements for products and services you see will appeal to you, a practice known as behavioral advertising, and to undertake web and mobile analytics (i.e. to analyze traffic and other end user activity to improve your experience).
Our Services may contain advertisements from companies other than Innovation Puzzle Games Team that may link to their own websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly.
Here is a link to the Privacy Policies for all our advertising partners:
- Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
- FacebookAds
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
- Vungle
https://vungle.com/privacy/
- Mobvista
https://www.mobvista.com/en/privacy/
- Unity Ads
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
- Apple
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
- AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
- Umeng
https://dip.umeng.com/opt_out.html?spm=a211g2.181323.0.0.5c633604LjuRQc
- Firebase
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
5 Our Policies Concerning Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 16, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 16 may provide any personal data.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us.
6 Your Rights About Data
Access
You have a right to know what information we hold about you and, in some cases, to have the information communicated to you. If you wish to exercise this right, please contact us by emailing innovationpuzzlegames@gmail.com letting us know that you wish to exercise your right of access and what information in particular you would like to receive.
We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any information. Please note that we may not be able to provide all the information you ask for. For instance, if the information includes personal information about another person. Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will endeavor to tell you why.
Correction
We try to keep the information that we hold about you accurate and up to date. Should you realize that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know at innovationpuzzlegames@gmail.com and we will correct it as soon as we can.
Deletion
For any of the personal information described above, you can request to know what personal information we collected, disclosed, used, and sold, and request that we delete your personal information at any time.
To exercise your right to know and right to deletion, please submit a request by emailing innovationpuzzlegames@gmail.com. We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. To verify your identity, we will generally require the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the right to know and right to deletion, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity.
Upon verification of your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to complete the transaction with you, detect security incidents or fraud, fixing errors, exercise free speech or another right provided by law, comply with legal obligations, or other internal and lawful uses.
Push notificaiotns
We send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide game-related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages, if you have agreed to such notifications. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
7 Changes
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check the Privacy Policy each time you use our Apps to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated. Your continued use of our Apps will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy. If there is a substantive or material change in the way that we use your personal information, we will notify you via email of the relevant changes or provide other prominent notice. If you choose to opt-out of or not opt-in to our changed practice, our email communication (if applicable) will contain instructions on how to do so. If such change affects children users, we will first notify and obtain the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian.
8 Contact and complaints
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to: innovationpuzzlegames@gmail.com.